Welcome to a Wednesday morning edition of the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball Podcast. Nick Whelan, Brandon Kravitz here with you as we are every Wednesday. Brandon, we had the the RotoWire holiday party last night out in in Madison, Wisconsin. Good times there. Unfortunately, you did not make the flight up on a on a Tuesday evening from from the Orlando area, but good time there. Good to see a lot of the guys. I was at a it was at, like, one of those golf simulator type of bars. It's called 2nd Iron Social. I don't I don't know if that's a chain or not. It was my first time there, as you know. Love golf. Love golf simulators. Did not take a single swing the whole time, but it was kinda cool because they had other stuff. You could do, like, a, like, a home run derby. They had some sort of soccer, hockey, football. Like, it was not just limited to golf. So fun time there. The apologies that we're starting, like, 2 minutes late. I would blame the holiday party. That's actually not what happened. I was caught up watching a Santana Moss highlight tape on Twitter and then realized that it was already 931. You you and Tyreke, I guess, all caught up. Everything's and and there goes this microphone. Everything's coming up Santana Moss. This is one of those weird phenomenons. I haven't thought of Santana Moss and Good. Months years, I'm not sure where where I'm at with, my Santana Moss inventory. But yesterday, I saw the list of Tyreek Hill's top receivers all time, and Santana Moss made the cut. Not surprising. They're kind of cut from the same cloth. But Right. Now here he is popping up yet again in a conversation today. Yeah. If you had Santana Moss being mentioned in the first two minutes of a fantasy basketball podcast today, Good for you. You you've already hit your 1st bet of the day. I was a huge Santana Moss guy. You know, it felt like he was like, you you never knew which if if he was gonna be on the then Redskins or the Jets any year. It felt like he was just bouncing between those two teams at all time. Ironically, same with Lavernius Coles, another all timer from the the big 2000s. But oh, yeah. Both of those guys were just stalwarts on Madden. You know, they they weren't 98 overalls. They were, like, 87 overalls, but they were they were fantastic. Nevertheless, we will talk some basketball here. We had 2 games in the n season tournament quarter finals last night. We'll talk about both of those. We had a huge, 11 game Wednesday night slate now coming at us, and, of course, the semifinals on Thursday. I also wanna talk a little bit about the 2023 draft, Brandon. And, you know, we're not gonna do a full redraft. We're not gonna go 60 picks deep. You know? Like, hey. Where does, you know, where's Mojave King, the 47th overall pick? Where does he go in a redraft? But I at least wanna talk about the the top 5 to 10 and say, you know, we got 20 games under our belt now. You know, would teams do anything differently if we redrafted that? But let's start with start with the games last night. We will, of course, get to live listener questions later in the show as well. I thought New York you know, I I thought the Knicks would hang around a little bit better than they did with Milwaukee. And this was this was a closer game than the final score would indicate, but but once things unraveled for the Knicks, I mean, this this turned into a laffer. I mean, a 146 points allowed by far the highest total of the year by the Knicks. Yeah. This Knicks team is befuddling because they're top 10 defensive team in the NBA, but yet they've had numerous games this year where they've they've just been a complete sieve defensively. And and last night was a good example of that. It's hard to stop Milwaukee when they're shooting 60% from 3 point range. And it just seemed like one of those games where when the Knicks didn't play their game, that's definitely the case. They they they were never even close to slowing down Milwaukee. Giannis was patient. He wasn't forcing it. A very smooth 35 points for him last night. It just seems like this Milwaukee team starting to settle into themselves. I was on the Knicks plus 5a half last night, so that one definitely hurt, watching that one unfold because you you did get the impression late in the game that Milwaukee just wasn't going away. And, it it it was good to see. I mean, long term, I have a lot of faith that this Milwaukee team can go deep in the in the playoffs. I I had them in the finals once they added Damian Lillard, and last night was one of the first real indications I saw that they might be able to follow suit with those bold predictions. Yeah. We're down to Milwaukee and Indiana now in the Eastern Conference. I mean, one of those teams will be representing the east in the NCs and finals. And I I think if you're Milwaukee, you're okay playing Boston in a rematch, but you're you're happy to face Indiana as well. And that game I mean, if the Bucks are putting up 146, so they're still not playing great defense. I mean, this is a game that that could easily be played in the one forties or or even higher, with the pace that that Indiana brings. The total of that one's already up to 250, by the way. 252, I believe. Oh, goodness. Goodness. So that would be, I I think, tied for the highest total of the year. I I know we had that, that hawks Pacers game a few weeks ago. I'm not sure where that closed, but I know it opened around 252. Yeah. That makes sense, man. You know, I'm actually seeing it at 254a half at DraftKings. So it keeps going. So yeah. So it opened at 252, and it's on the rise. And for good reason I wouldn't hop on that. And, oh, by the way, it's not gonna get any higher. That's gotta be the peak of the market. I think it it it probably drops. It opened, like, 247 and already got steamed to 252 when I checked, and now you're looking at 254. Yeah. I mean, those teams are gonna score like crazy, but at some point, we've at some at some point, the points bubble will burst. Yes. It's a, it's a losing market, I think, in the long term. But when the Pacers are involved, you never know. Right. You have the 3 point shooting for Milwaukee. I was we're talking about it, you know, with some guys watching last night, and it's it's so simple, and it applies to basically every team in the league. But, look, if you're getting 6 threes out of Malik Beasley and you're getting 5 more out of campaign and and AJ Green and is getting into the mix, like, that that solves a lot of things for Milwaukee. You know, that doesn't just, you you know, snap your fingers and all of a sudden you're the best team in the Eastern Conference. But, you know, for an offense that has looked a little bit clunky, it hasn't been the main issue for Milwaukee by any means. But, you know, there's been a kind of a lot of my turn, your turn. Why are we not seeing more pick and rolls between Damon and Giannis? You know, when when you got your role players knocking down open threes, it's gonna make your offense, you know, look so much better on any given night. Yeah. And it was just coming so much easier for Milwaukee. It felt like every time New York was in transition, it just was it was a it was a slog for them, and and and sort of one of those where everything just looked like it was more difficult for the Knicks. And what about Julius Randle? Oh, the easy goes off for 41. We've seen this guy score under 10 points multiple times in the last couple of weeks. I cannot get a hold on what Julius Randle is this season. I'm sure I would think that we'll get questions about him today on the on the live chat, but, yeah, you're right. It it it does come down to those role players role players at home knocking down threes. Once that starts to happen for any team in the NBA, they're really tough to beat. Yeah. I'm glad you brought up Randall. Very weird player, very weird career. You know, I I I love that his nickname, my basketball reference is Beyblade. That makes a lot of sense. He he plays exactly like a Beyblade would. Just kinda, you know, always spinning his way into the lane with the elbows out. 2 time all NBA, 2 time all star. He's got the most improved player award as well. You know, I I think he's gonna be a a really interesting case as far as, like, how do we remember Julius Randle? We could talk about a fantasy wise, of course as well, but, there's like, the variance in terms of just efficiency year to year, you know, you'll you'll shoot 52% 1 year and then 45 the next and then 41, then back up to 46. You know, this year, 3 point shooting has been a disaster again. Like, obviously, he's not on, like, a a hall of fame trajectory. And yet, you know, this this will likely be the 5th time in the last 6 years that he's averaged 20 plus and and almost averaging a double double Yeah. In that span. Like, to me, is he is he kinda like the new DeMarcus Cousins? Like, I I feel like Pete Cousins was maybe a little better. Yeah. Because I I think Cousins would sort of give you that well rounded fantasy performance more so than what you're getting from Julius Randle. And I I misspoke. It was this so I was thinking back to that 6 point outing back in early November against the Cleveland Cavaliers. That one still sticks out like a sore thumb for me. But, I mean, nothing close to 41, as of late, and and you just can't rely on that as the general point. But he's not giving you anything in the blocks or steals department, night in night in and night out. Rebounding is there. Assists are alright. Yeah. He's just one of those guys that it it's he's hard to rely on to be any sort of consistent producer for your fantasy team. But he's also hard to get rid of because of what he can do last night. I mean, he's he's fantastic at points leagues. Right? I mean Yeah. If if you're not really worried about the efficiency and if you're especially if you're playing in in a league that doesn't value turnovers, not there's a lot to like about Julius Randle, but I think he's always going to be on that line of, you know, how effective is he in real life versus some of the raw numbers that he puts up. You know, 41, 6, and 5, but he lose the game by 24 points. Certainly, he was not the reason. I mean, he was efficient last night. 14 of 19 from the field, 11 of 12 at the line. I thought Milwaukee did a pretty good job limiting Jalen Brunson. I mean, part of it was Brunson just wasn't hitting his threes. You know, he's 10 of 22. 5 of those misses, were were 3 pointers, 0 5 from beyond the arc. He didn't have a great night at the line as well. It was really it really kinda felt like Randall and and RJ Barrett were the only guys who were consistently able to beat this Milwaukee team. I mean, Mitchell Robinson was completely shut down. You know, Quentin Grimes took one shot in 18 minutes, and and you got the the the Hart quickly DiVincenzo trio off the bench. Those guys were fine, but, they were outplayed, frankly, by the Milwaukee bench. Yeah. And, one of the reasons I like New York going into this matchup, not only were they more, more cohesive unit coming into a game like this, and for whatever reason, I felt like that mattered going into an in season tournament game even though in some ways, it's still just a regular season game. So I've gotta figure out a way to to parse that properly, as far as how I value these games in the tournament. But I liked their size going up against Milwaukee's size, and I think some of that played itself out. What what didn't play itself out was that the guard play for New York was downright atrocious, and you saw every guard on Milwaukee's team fill up the stat sheet. So that that seemed to be the difference there. It's just one of those games where Milwaukee was gonna beat whoever they played last night. They were they were too locked in offensively, and once they got that crowd behind them, they were impossible to stop. You know, that that's just Adrian Griffin, a veteran head coach, who who no one has questioned this entire season. That's what he does. He gets I'm sure. In these situations. Is that how it's going up there? And Pacers in the eastern Godford side of the bracket. Yeah. It's been nothing but positivity, when it comes to to Adrian Griffin. I could tell you that. Milwaukee, 4 and a half point favorites over the Pacers in the semifinal tomorrow. Like you said, total up to 254a half. The Pelicans and the lakers are the other side of the bracket, Brandon. Pelicans, 2 point dogs against the lakers. Keep in mind that these games are neutral sites. So there's not it's there there's not going to be a true home court advantage for either Milwaukee or LA despite them being technically the higher seed. What kind of environment are you expecting in Vegas? Yeah. Alex and I talked about this on Monday. We couldn't we couldn't quite settle on, like, you know, what what is this gonna look like? I I I think it's an advantage for for the Lakers because I I think you have a bunch of Lakers fans, a lot of LA transplants in Vegas. You got some people that are willing to make the trip from LA. I don't know if you could say the same thing about New Orleans. I I I think this will have a it'll be a mix of, like, a final 4 and, like, summer league where I I I'm not expecting this to be, like, an overwhelmingly intense crowd. Yeah. I would say summer league on steroids might be the best way to put it. You also have a lot of people in the stands that they'll just be cheering on whichever team they placed a bet on that night. So you could factor that in. At the Lakers, I'm wondering if this plays a role at all in terms of neutral sight, an unknown sort of environment. The fact that the biggest stars on that team played and excelled in the bubble in 2020. Not that this I mean, these are real fans that are gonna be in attendance, but it is sort of an odd NBA environment, and they know what that feels like and and how to mitigate those distractions if there are any. And New Orleans might not have that same, advantage or they definitely don't. I just I don't know of how much that's gonna come into play. I like the way that this Pelicans team is playing right now, though, and that Lakers got bailed out last night. So my first inclination is to take New Orleans. I like how they're so fully stocked. We're seeing guys that we talked about on this podcast week in week out, not even getting minutes. I've spent precious fab dollars on Dyson Daniels. He's nowhere to be found. So, yeah. Well, I you know, the Daniels thing, we we could talk about that, you know, when we start doing q and a later in the show. You know, they they have too many guys, and that's a that's actually a good thing. Right? Like, I I think we talked about New Orleans last season as, man, this might be the deepest team in the NBA. They might not have the top end talent, you know, to compare to a team like the Lakers or or the Suns, for example, when they're healthy. But, I mean, there are very few teams that go as deep as they do. You know, like you said, Dyson Daniels is getting 12 to 15 minutes at least for most teams in the NBA. You know, even someone like Jose Alvarado is is kind of a marginal player for them now. I think he'd be be viewed as a pretty good backup point guard for a lot of teams. You know, New Orleans obviously got the win, the other night against Sacramento. I I think we have a really fun final 4 here. It's a good mix of, like, 2 powerhouses in the Lakers and the Bucks. And, you know, 2 teams that almost feel a little mid bajair y. You know, if you wanna compare this to, to the NCAA tournament. And, you know, it's hard to say the team with, you know, Williamson and Brandon Ingram and CJ McCollum are these plucky underdogs. They're not George Mason by any means, but it's a the Pelicans and the Pacers specifically, like, these are the type of teams when we talked about the NCAA tournament months ago when you're like, alright. Let's try to pinpoint. Like, what team would take this seriously? They have young guys. They haven't really won anything. And I think those 2 teams fit that bill perfectly. Absolutely. And that's why I've still got a I've got a futures ticket that I'm sitting on for the Indiana Pacers to win this thing, and I'm just so close. Where did you get it at? I got it at I think it was 25 to 1 when when I this was they had, I think it was after 2 of their group play games. So it wasn't at the very beginning of the tournament, but it was once I realized they just seemed like they were a different sort of locked in for this thing. And Tyrese Halliburton's playing some incredible basketball. I don't need to tell you that. Yeah. I've I just felt like they it was gonna be one of those types of teams. The teams that were good enough to win, but also young enough to not realize that it doesn't actually matter, and the Pacers fit that bill as well as anybody. Mhmm. So it was the Pacers in my Orlando Magic, but that was more of a Homer play. And, they should have advanced, but, unfortunately, point differential got the best of them. But, yeah, I'm so I'm actually surprised that you see teams like Milwaukee and and the LA Lakers and and those teams advancing, the way that they have. And these these guys have cared a lot more than we thought they would. I thought Kevin Durant looked heartbroken that he wasn't able to move on and go to Vegas. Jayson Tatum, same thing. I did not think that we would see that from the league's top stars. Yeah. Jaylen Brown, maybe not so much. He seemed to, recover from that loss pretty quickly, and that's about what you'd expect. But we've heard we've heard player after player over the last couple of weeks. You know, it's one thing to to go as far as Halbert did and be like, I'm a loser, man. I've never won anything. I would I wanna win this thing. Right. But we've seen, you know, Damian Lillard, Zion. Like, guys are talking about, yeah, $500,000. Like, I realize, yeah, I make $50,000,000. It's not that big of a deal. It's a big deal to a lot of people on the team. You know, your 9, 10, 11, 12 guys who aren't making that much money. I mean, that's basically what half of their their salary for the season if you're at a minimum. You know, guys who I think it was Zion said. It's like, yeah, it's something that you could just kinda give to your family, which great. If you have the ability to do that, that's fantastic. That means you're doing pretty well. If you can hand your family 500 k. But, I was skeptical that the money would matter. It feels like it does. You know, I guess maybe we're we're just thinking of these guys as being so wealthy that $500,000 is a drop in the bucket. But the way they've talked they've talked about it, I think I think the money is enough of a motivator. I still would like to see something a little bit more I wouldn't say tangible. I guess I would it would be more intangible. Like, a little something that relates to the season a bit more to be on the line because I I just wonder, you know, long term viability is is the money thing gonna be sustainable. I think what's sustainable is that these players have cared. And Yeah. And so whoever wins is gonna feel an enormous sense of pride, that they get to carry with them through the remainder of the season. It's clearly hurt those that have been knocked out of this tournament. I can tell you on a local level, I mean, the Magic players were heartbroken that they weren't able to move on. And like I said, we've seen even some of the stars that should know better than to care about this, and they've still been bothered by it. I think that that is the the the tangible or intangible that moves forward into next year that it it I think when it started, would you agree that it felt like some of the guys, the biggest stars in the league, were gonna act like they were a little too cool for this, and that was gonna be the problem? And that hasn't been the case. So by next year, everyone will be, you know, it it won't be, nerdy to care about the in season tournament even though I I don't know. I think that might have just been a made up media narrative that never really was gonna exist in the first place. I think so. And I think my fear at first was that the players were just gonna be, you know, taking the company line and being like, yes. I love the in season tournament. But I I actually think it's genuine, you know, hearing these guys talk about it. Like, I don't I don't I think the league has encouraged, especially players like LeBron, you know, to to to try to sell the other players on it. Because if LeBron cares, then the other guys are going to care. Exactly. But I I I don't think it's just him doing PR for the league. Like, I I think he I think he genuinely cares, and I think a lot of these guys do. And, you know, the other thing is we like, I'm trying to think of an example of something that's been implemented like this, like, in my conscious sports fan lifetime. Like, it is it is weird to be in year 1 of this. Everything else has just been going on forever. You know, like, the the NCAA tournament has been happening forever. Like, I guess the college football playoff maybe would be the the best comparison. Yeah. It's only been around since 2014, so we had to wrap our heads around that. Yeah. And, you know, it's not the perfect system by any means. I think this is a much better system in terms of fairness, and, you know, there's reasons for that, smaller league, all that. But, you know, it's one of those things that I think seems shocking at first. If you don't like it, you know, you you're probably thinking, oh, man. This this is gonna ruin the league. And then you're probably, you know, 2 or 3 years from now, it's just gonna be part of your life, and and that's that. And you you continue to you build history. Right? Like, the the first one, there's nothing to compare it to. So, you know, I think it's I think it's special in some ways. You know, like, especially for someone like LeBron who cares about the list of accolades. It's like, you know, won the first ever in season tournament. You know, won the championship in the bubble. Those are unique achievements. But I I think this is something that as it continues to build and time goes on, it's gonna get bigger and bigger and and players players are gonna care. You know? It's like, if the Lakers win it, can they repeat next year? Like, it it's it's just kind of another Yeah. Another thing to add to a resume. And, look, they're gonna play these games anyway. I think that that's a big factor in all of this too. Yes. It's not like these are additional there's only one additional game, and that's only if you make it to the championship of this thing. And by that point, obviously, you're completely invested in winning that one extra game. But I think we all sort of started to view it in a similar way to the way we react to the NFL's Pro Bowl, or it's like, come on. Do I really wanna be a part of this? Yeah. Well, if the Pro Bowl was something that you are already doing in the middle of the season anyway, then, yeah, you'd care more about it. But because it's this ancillary, I've gotta then put in extra effort to go and do this at the end of the season when the grind is over. It's easier to just kinda scoff at it and say, yeah. You go do that. I'm I'm not interested. These guys were already gonna play. They were already gonna be motivated for these games. This just gives them a little added well, extra seasoning in the, in the meal. I like it. I like it. Seasoning. Let's talk a little 2023 NBA draft. After that, we will get to the live listener questions. So, you know, keep keep throwing, those in the chat there. We will get to them. And we'll we'll just kinda go chronologically through that list in about 5 or 10 minutes. But we we are at the quarter point in the season, Brandon. I like to do this at least 2 or 3 times per year, just to check up on the NBA draft. We're not writing anybody off. We're not saying anybody's going to be a future hall of famer except maybe Webbyama, who, by the way, is no longer the favorite for rookie of the year. I noticed yesterday while perusing the DraftKings sportsbook, Chet Holmgren has overtaken him. But we're not talking Chet Holmgren because he is not a part of the 2023 NBA draft. So I I wanna just go pick by pick, and we could kinda debate, alright, if if this team had to redo that pick, who would they take? Is there anything we have to say about number 1? I I think it's goes without saying that Webb Mignon still goes there. Yes. No doubt. And we've still seen enough of his freakish talents on display. It hasn't put it all together yet, but we've seen enough to where you there there's still no chance in hell you'd ever pass on that. So, yeah, that's that's a no brainer. Even if Holmgren was a part of this class, no team would take Holmgren over him. And you can argue that Holmgren's been, like, better on down so far. There's not a single team that would take Holmgren over Wenminyama in a draft type of setting. I don't think so. I still think he he just projects to be the type of player that we've really never seen before. And I I don't say that lightly because we've seen some incredible talents roll through the league, but he is he is something in and of himself. The way that he can, the way he maneuvers the court, plays defense, handles the basketball at his size, and let's be honest, the marketing appeal of it too. That's not the reason you take a guy, but all of the media attention that they've had. I just watched a special last night on on NBA TV, just detailing his his ride from the draft through media day. And, I mean, the the amount of coverage this this guy was getting before he ever played a real NBA game, you can't put a price on that. It's just not the kind of thing you ever pass up. Yeah. It kinda reminds me right now of LeBron versus Melo in their rookie seasons where, like, you could argue Melo had the better year. Like, Melo for the first half of the season at least looked like the better player. And at the end like, you could've I think you could've pulled every executive in the league and said, alright. Well, hey. Would you take Melo over LeBron? Not a single one would have done it. Right? And I I actually think rookie of the year might play out similarly because I think Melo deserved it more than LeBron did back then. Even though LeBron was a better player, I think Melo had the better rookie year. They gave the they gave the rookie of the year to LeBron, and I I think they're gonna do it to Wabanaba as well. Like, I think I think Chet has to, like, dramatically outplay him because of of, like, the incumbent status for Wepanyama. Well and right now, he is. So if he keeps this up, I think it is Chet Holmgren's award even though, philosophically, I I just I disagree with him being able to win it. You've spent a year in an NBA system. To me, that's not a rookie, but I understand that that's the rule. Are you saying we should strip Blake Griffin of his rookie of the year? I am saying that. That's not a rookie. You spent a year in an NBA system, nutrition, workout Yeah. Of playing with, teammates in practice, coaches, refining your game that's not a rookie. Alright. Fine. This is all just like a, you know, disinformation campaign, so you could get Jett Howard or or Anthony Black the award. Yeah. But Jett Howard has to play a minute of NBA basketball first. Yeah. I don't think we would, I don't think we'll be talking a ton about Jed Howard, but it it gets interesting now if you're if you're gonna pick number 2. So we're assuming San Antonio will still take Wabanuyama. We'll take a bit of a a leap of faith there. Yeah. Charlotte, do they still take Brandon Miller? I think they do. We haven't seen a ton, but I think we've seen enough. He looks really comfortable out there on an NBA floor. He's such a natural scorer. Another guy that you you just can't teach that sort of length and mobility. And and it's, I think it's what they need. They need somebody else where they're not just relying solely on LaMelo Ball, not just when LaMelo's on the floor, but also because he's rarely on the floor these days. And and the guys that are right after him, do I feel good enough about them where I would I'd be willing to to to miss on Brandon Miller? I think I'm still there. Where do you fall on that? I I expected there to be a bit more debate, but I I think it's pretty clearly Brandon Miller to me right now. You know, 2 or 3 weeks ago, I think there was a pretty strong case for Asar Thompson. Yeah. And, you know, it's not that he's become a worse player in that time, but, you know, the minutes are down. Like, Detroit's just kinda using him weirdly. And there are still some pretty significant concerns, I think, with Asar in terms of, you know, what the offense is gonna look like. The shot needs to be pretty much completely rebuilt. You know, the confidence in that shot is is a question mark. So I I think Asar Thompson long term, you know, defensively and and what he could be. Like, there is a debate there. I I think there are there maybe are some teams that would take him over Brandon Miller, but it it's kinda, you know, Brandon Miller, where he's at offensively versus where Asar Thompson is defensively, you might say it's comparable, but I I I want Brandon Miller. You know, they're they're both young. I think Miller profiles as somebody who should be at least a decent defender. But he should 46% from the field, 38% from 3, 80% at the line, 14, 4, and 2 for a guy who plays on a bad team that, you know, has some some guys who probably don't integrate in the way that they should. I think it's been relative to what I expected, you know, almost a best case start for Brandon Miller because I I was I was iffy on how this was gonna work on on that Charlotte roster. Yeah. I know part of that is that they've needed him to step up quickly. Miles Bridges missed time at the start of the season. LaMelo's missed time now, as of the last couple of weeks. So he's been thrust into a role that maybe he shouldn't have been this early on, but like I said, he looks comfortable in it. So I I feel pretty solidified in the in the top 2. It's after that where things are gonna get dicey for me. Okay. Alright. Well, I'll leave it up to you. You're the Portland Trail Blazers GM, Brandon. Who are you taking at number 3? Man. I still think I'm gonna go with Scoot Henderson. I this is tough. I am not willing to write him off yet. It's a little bit chalky to just go with the draft pick that actually occurred right in front of your face, but we're only a quarter of the way through the season, and I loved his prospects coming into the NBA, his explosiveness. He just looks a little bit disjointed out of place. I don't think that he's found his role on this team, but I'm sure that Chauncey Billups will get him there eventually. I'm just gonna go talk about a leap of faith. I haven't seen it yet, but I still think Scoot Henderson should be number 3. I'm not blown away by a lot of the guys that are drafted there in the top 10 thus far. So it's a little easy to just say Yeah. Based on even though I haven't seen it yet, I'm I'm still willing to go that route. Yeah. I think that's fair, and it's a good point about the class overall that, like, usually by now, you you know, there might there's somebody that emerges, you know, whether it's outside of the top 5 or even later in the first round where you're you're like, oh, man. This is an immediate mistake. You know, you think of, like, Donovan Mitchell back in the day. Like, you knew, like, 3 games in. Like, this guy should not have gone outside the top 10. Like, he's clearly a top 3 player in this class. And, you know, I I think, you know, Franz Wagner, a couple years ago, it was pretty clear early on with him. Shangoon went 16. Yeah. When he started playing Real Minutes, I think we realized pretty quickly what some teams had missed out on, but I don't know who that guy is in this class. You know, is it, I guess, maybe Derek Lively at 12? I would yeah. I was looking at Lively. I would definitely I'm definitely gonna end, I would end up pushing him up quite a bit, but I'm but I'm not to the point where I'm saying, well, forget Scoot Henderson and everything that I thought before the season. I'm I'm just not willing to go there right now. We're 20 games into the NBA season. It would be so hasty to just say, yeah. Forget everything you thought you knew. Scoot Henderson stinks. I'm not I'm I'm I'm not willing to go there yet. You've pointed it out on this podcast numerous times. It's hard for guards to pop off early on in their NBA careers. It's a lot to ask of these guys, and he dealt with health issues early on as well. So I'd be much more willing to make a bold claim about how wrong the trailblazers were at 3 by the time we get to the 75% mark of the season. Yeah. I I agree with you. There's a long track record of players who've turned into very good guards in the NBA, you know, struggling early on, especially with efficiency. I'm just surprised the degree to which Scoot looks kinda overmatched. You know, for somebody who's pretty built for his his size, pretty athletic, you know, he's not he's not 5 11. He just he just doesn't really look like he has an athletic advantage out there right now, and I I thought that would be something that'd be a big positive for his profile. With all that said, I think there's still a pretty strong case to keep him at number 3. I certainly wouldn't move him up, but I don't know if anybody has, like, snatched that spot away from him. Right? And and that says a lot because it's like Scoot's played pretty badly. Like, he's been a pretty big disappointment so far, and there's still nobody where you're like, yeah. I think I would for sure have that guy. I you know, this is It's also team specific, Nick, because let's not forget what the Portland Trail Blazers did. They moved off of their star guard. They kinda had to bring in a new point guard to usher in that new era and make it seem as as clean and seamless as possible. So I'll go back to the same thing I said about Wen Binyama marketing. That's not the reason you make those picks, but when you're trying to put the icing on the cake, that is one of those things that makes you feel better about it. Scoot Henderson as the direct replacement for Damian Lillard, even though you knew it was gonna take time, I think is part of the evaluation of that draft pick. I'll say this. I'll be pretty surprised if at the end of the year, we're still in full on panic mode about Henderson. I don't I don't think it's gonna look this bad the whole year. I think there's a pretty good chance that come March, April, we'll look back and and kinda laugh at how how poorly he played early on. I'm not saying it's gonna be on a superstar trajectory by the end of the year, but I I think we'll feel a lot better about him. So, yeah, I would still I would still stick with Scoot at 3. I think there's a pretty strong case for Asar Thompson there. But, if you're factoring in team and we're saying it is the trailblazers, then I think they still go Henderson as well. Can we pretty confidently say we flip Amman and the Sar? And it's not really anything that Amman has done. He just barely played. Well, it's, yeah, it's, it's not a knock against Ahmed. It's, it's a credit to Asar. I I already felt like going in. They were pretty close. Obviously, the NBA felt the same way. They were drafted back to back, and we've already seen that Asar Thompson is a really good NBA player. He's the only guy that I was looking at where I would be able to confidently say, okay. Maybe the blazers should have gone in that direction, but there's still think there's enough upside with Scoot Henderson. No doubt in my mind, especially with what Aime Udoka wants to do defensively, and he has turned this team around. Asar Thompson would fit them perfectly. So that that feels like a very real swing and a miss as of right now, not knowing what Amin Thompson's gonna turn into. Yeah. I still think, you know, the man is just such a a complete grade. The guy's played 4 games. He's played 67 total minutes, and it it's gonna be tough because Houston's playing pretty well. They have depth. You know, I don't know that they're gonna be, you know, looking to get him out there for 30 minutes tonight like Detroit was with Asar for a while there. So I I think for now, you know, you have to lead Asar Thompson, but genetically, Brandon, a man should be able to do a lot of what Asar does. So I I'm not out on that one either. Yeah. I I I think we're going Webanyama, Miller, Henderson, Azar Thompson. Is are we given a Ben the benefit of the doubt? Is he still at 5, or is that where Derek Lively slides up? Do do they need a Derek Lively when they have g, when they have Duran? I this is where it's tough to place a man because we haven't seen it. I think this is I think this would be where the Pistons are so directionless. They just need the best player that they could possibly get their hands on. Derek Lively has already looked like a legit NBA, talent. So, yeah, I'll I'll be I I will confidently put Derek Lively. I'm a slide him up to the 5 spot where the Detroit Pistons end up with with Lively. And that gives the Pistons a 7th center, on this roster. So Exactly. They they A little bit of a glut. Yeah. Yeah. Well, they don't seem to care. Why not throw another one in the mix? You know, with with Lively, it's it's tough because you you do wonder what the ceiling is. And most of the time, if you're if you're taking a a pick in the top five, you're not saying, I hope you get a good role player center, you know, for the next 10 years. But I think that's exactly what he's gonna be. And, you know, there's a lot of classes where you redraft and say, alright. You know, who are actually the most you know, the 5 to 7 most valuable players of the draft? You're you're not gonna get 5, like, perennial all stars in any class. You're gonna get guys who are are impacting the game in other ways. And, you know, there's a lot of players that that went in the top ten who have really not done anything yet. You know, Anthony Black, Jeris Walker, Taylor Hendrix has played 2 games. Jed Howard, like we like we talked about. He's played 5 games. So, like, Lively pretty easily passes just about everybody who went ahead of him in the middle of the 1st round. It's just a question of, you know, do you take him over either of the Thompson's or or over Scoot? Yeah. And, now we're on to, to my squad, the Orlando Magic. And I struggle with this one because Anthony Black is a pretty perfect direct replacement for Markelle Fultz, and he fits in perfectly personality wise with this basketball team. He is exactly the type of character player that you need for what this Magic team is trying to assemble. So there are aspects of Anthony Black that absolutely work for this team, but we just haven't seen him really do anything yet. I think I would take a swing here because the Magic still struggle offensively. That is their biggest bugaboo. Keontae George has shown that he is an excellent offensive talent already in the NBA. I think if I were redrafting today, if I'm if I'm really trying to rework and remaster this thing, I think I would take Keontae George in that 6th spot. I think there's a case for it. I I wonder how much you would be playing in, like, almost any other system. Right? Because Utah, you know, just doesn't have a lot of guards. They're they're kind of just winging it this year. I I I certainly like what I've seen on the good nights. The bad nights have still been, you know, wanting, in some ways, but, you know, the scoring has been there of late. The assists have been pretty consistent. He went through a stretcher. He's getting a bunch of steals that's kinda cooled off of late. But, you know, he's still still prone to some pretty down nights, still prone to turnovers, shooting under 40% from the field. And the 3 point shooting has not been good, and that's really dragging down his overall field goal percentage. But I think if you're, you know, if you're Orlando, a team that's always looking forward, not necessarily concerned with what a guy looks like this year. You know, it's more so, you know, what can he be 2 or 3 years from now. So is that is that really where the thinking comes from? Well and and that's where I that's where the thinking came from with drafting Anthony Black. Like, the fact that he's starting for them right now, that's not what they drafted him to do. He just happens to be pretty poised and and comfortable out there and isn't somebody that needs to be involved in order to, to feel like he has a purpose out on a basketball floor. So in that way, that's what I that's part of what I mean by he fits perfectly right now for what the makeup of this team is. But, I I guess I I'm looking at it. That's the way that they they look at it is they're looking at this long term because they're gonna take the patient managerial approach. I'm looking at this more of a microwave situation where I wanna see this team score the basketball better than they have been, And and I felt like there were so many opportunities in this draft for them to attack that at 6, at 11, and they Mhmm. And they haven't really solved those problems. But it also you know, you'd have to move, like, Cole Anthony around and all of that. So it causes a ripple effect of issues. They made the decision they made for a reason, but I think in hindsight, just this is a good year to attack the offensive issues, and I don't think they did that. I think there is a case for Jordan Hawkins there. I think, you know, you could maybe make an outside case for, like, Brandon Podgemski. But the other guy, who we have not mentioned, and I I think someone maybe even take him a spot higher, what are we doing with Jaime Hawkins? That was gonna be the next guy on my list. Yeah. But Jaime is in such a perfect situation. Right. Am I am I really that confident that if I just put him on any of these other rosters that he's gonna thrive the way that he has? When he landed in Miami, I went, oh my god. Could this be any more perfect with the the type of player that he is, the heat culture, and, you know, he's getting an opportunity to shine early on. I think what we're seeing is very much heat dependent and not so much Jaime Hawkins dependent. So I Mhmm. I'm a maybe if I was like Toronto because I haven't seen much from Grady Dick. Like, I'd I'd probably still push them up the draft board, but not much for I wouldn't push him into the top 10 based on what I've seen. I think I would. I think he's gotta go somewhere in the the mid to late top 10. You know, it's like, how how do you say you'd still take Taylor Hendrix over him? And, you know, I I I think, you know, Hendrix, Jairus Walker, who knows? You know, even cool Volleys, played minutes, but it it's still so raw. Like, any of those guys could turn out to be fine. That's all those guys are drafted because they have, like, they have this freakish size and athleticism that you have to sort of grow into. Jaime Hockas just is who he is. That's why he's a perfect heat player. He is who he is, and I I you know, low ceiling compared to some of those other players. But I I also you know, I think we if we look back in 10 years, you know, like, I just pulled up randomly the 2013 NBA draft sorted by win shares. Giannis, number 1. Gobert, number 2. Steven Adams, number 3. And it's like I I think I think Hawkins could be one of those guys who sneakily you know, we you never think of as a superstar by any means, but when you go back and and some guys inevitably hit, some guys inevitably bust in a in in a given draft class, I I think he's gonna end up ranking pretty high. And, you know, we're 20 games in, so who knows? But I do I do think, you know, there there is some staying power here even if a lot of it is him just being drafted into the perfect situation. Alright. Let's, let's hit some listener questions here. We got a read that we got to take care of first. But after that, we will go through the list of listener questions. You guys could keep throwing those in there. We'll hit as many as we can. But we do wanna remind you that we are brought to you by underdog fantasy, the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS pickup contest. If you have not tried underdog yet, new users get a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire. Just use the code RWNBA. That's RWNBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app and use that promo code RWNBA. That'll get you a free RotoWire subscription and that deposit bonus at Underdog. Alright. Let's see what we got here. Brandon, panic level on Kessler and Scoot fittingly. Let's see. Do I wanna go, like, 1 to 10? 10 being I'm freaking out. 1 being I'm cool as a cucumber. I'm gonna go with a I'm gonna go with, like, a 4 for Walker Kessler. It's more of a jazz problem than it is a Kessler issue, in my opinion. This team is not advancing the way that I thought they would this season. But I wasn't expecting anything drastic, but it actually seems like they're sliding in the other direction. And Walker Kessler just seems like he's caught up in that. You still get blocks from him. You know? He he he's still he's still similar to the player that he was last year, but I think you invested in him to become a better player this season. For Scoot Henderson, I would probably be closer to the 8 range just because it looks so clunky out there. They think it's gonna take so much time that by the time he becomes a fantasy reliable option, you will have well moved on from him. This is a Kyle Pitts NFL slut type situation to to me, where it's like the talent's right there. You you wanna hold on to it, but at what point are you gonna feel comfortable with it? Yeah. That's fair. With Scoot for Fantasy, I'm gonna say, like, a 7. I I think you gotta be realistic about what the ceiling is. You know, we made the Anthony Edwards comp, last week. Edwards had an awesome rookie year barely finished in the top 100. So, yeah, you just gotta be realistic about expectations. I think it'll be better. I I'm I'm not panicking that he's going down as, like, a total bust. I think I've he was such such a strong prospect that I'd be pretty surprised if that's how this thing goes. Kessler, I'm at, like, a 2. I I actually think he's played pretty well. He's looked like he's looked way better since he came back from injury. You know, the the shot blocking has come back over the last 5. You know, once the minutes return, hopefully, I mean, it's weird that they're bringing him off the bench and all that. Like, I don't I don't really know what the point of that is. But I I do think he's gonna be just fine. I mean, last 5 games, 11 points, 8 boards, 3 blocks, 60% from the field in 25 minutes. So if he gets to 28, 29, 30, he's gonna be right where he was last season, if not better. Harden or Bane rest of season in a points league? I think I'm still gonna go Desmond Bane. Ja Morant should be back any minute now. Right? This is 25 game suspension, but I like the way that this team should be able to come back together and be an old version of themselves and Desmond Bane settling more into his role, as a heater from 3. And and there's a huge secondary option to what Ja Morant wants to bring to this team. Offensively, James Harden is still just so tough to trust in this in this Clippers offense. I don't think they've figured out exactly what they wanna be yet, and there's only so many balls to go around. I think I would give slightly into Harden. In a points league With Bane, it's like the 3 point shooting becomes a little bit less valuable. And and Harden is, you know, sneakily kinda getting back to doing what he's doing. Like, the the counting stats aren't as overwhelming, but, like, in category leagues, he's borderline top 30 on the year now. It really hasn't felt that way, but he's just he's always been, even at his peak, you could argue, like, a better fantasy player than a real life player as far as how he impacts the game. So I I think I would actually lean hard in there, but it's really close. I mean, if you're if you have both those guys on your roster or you're you're trying to, like, trade one of them, I don't I don't think I really would. I think they're both, you know, really good guys to hold. Yeah. I mean, Harden in the last few games. 21 21 points, 9 assists, 18 points, 7 assists, 26.6 assists. He had 5 steals 3 games ago. So, yeah, he's, in the last couple of games, he's he's definitely turned it around. Alright. We got another panic question. Hey, guys. How high is the panic on, Emmanuel Quickley? Did he finally get tipped, or is it just a rough start after his awesome 2022, 23 season? Man, hard to figure out exactly what's going on with the Knicks. This team is so hot and cold. You never know what quite what we're gonna get from this team. Last night, I think, was troubling for some of those role guys. Just 19 minutes played from 1 of 7 shooting. If he's not making his shots and and he's not helping this team improve on the defensive end, then, yeah, he's gonna I get tipped. I like the way that they worded that. I I think that there's a there's a real chance that that's happening. There's a chance that it's happening, but there's also a good chance that I think he goes back to playing more minutes at some point too. I mean, Tim's kinda does try tend to trust his guys. And, yeah, I guess, what is the trade off here? More Divincenzo off the bench? You know, maybe even more Josh Hart? I I I really like Quickley. I I have met on one of my most important teams. You know, got off to a really nice start. And and, you know, even a week ago, he was still you know, had 20 18, 23 consecutive games. So I'm not I'm not in a full on panic. The season long numbers are are pretty nice still. He is in a bit of a shooting slot. You know, it could Tim does a short leash. Right? It could just be something where he went 2 of 10 the other night. He was 1 of 7 yesterday, and it's like with Quickley, if he's not hitting shots, there's really not a a huge purpose for him to be out there. So they they have had a shorter leash than you would like, but I if we're going 1 to 10 on this one, I would I would say, like, a 4 for me. Three games in a row where he's played sub 20 minutes Yeah. And he's shot 14%, 50%, and 20% from the field. That's not gonna keep him on the court for, Tom Thibodeau. Alright. Need to drop 1 in a 9 cat league. Naz Reed, Kiafte George, or Scoot Henderson. Is it, is it safe to say that, that I'm I'm out on Scoot in fantasy, or is that overreactionary at this point? I don't I don't think so. I mean, especially in an ICAT league where you got turnovers factored in. For me, it's it's either him or Kiatek George. I would I would be a little more concerned about a a potential second half Scoot breakout where you would regret for having dropped him. With Kiatek, though, I mean, both of our, you know, relatively high turnover players. Georgia is shooting 34% from the field, and he's taken a lot of shots. So that is that is harming your field goal percentage pretty notably in in the category league. So that's something you have to consider. To me, it's or Scoot. I would I would hold Nasirid, especially because he's probably center eligible. Yeah. I mean, the shooting percentages for Scoot Henderson are just it it's hard to justify, especially if you're relying on that. Oh, no. I thought I thought your I think your video was frozen. I couldn't tell if you were just trying to hold yourself extremely still. I'm I'm am I back? Am I here? It's so weird. On my end, nothing is happening. Yeah. The the Internet has been been, you know, scheming against us this entire episode, but we will we will persevere as we always do. John Collins and Malcolm Brogdon or Pascal Siakam? I assume this is a a 2 for 1 trade question. I think I'd rather have the Siakam side. Mhmm. I feel like we've already seen the best of Malcolm Brogdon this year, and and John Collins just doesn't really do it for me. So give me the give me the high upside of Pascal Siak. I mean, he's put together some monster games over the last couple of weeks. Not trying to get rid of that. Okay. Yeah. I I I think for right now, the value is on this the Collins Brogdon side. Like, those guys have combined to be more valuable than Siakam, but I think you're right. I think Siakam is starting to turn things around. I it it does look like, you know, the shot blocking is is just not gonna come for him. Not that you ever expected to get 2 blocks on the Siakam, but he's just not doing anything there. The steals are way down as well. But he is a nightly 20 7 5, which is is super valuable. So, yeah, rest of season, I'd I'd probably take Siakam. Interesting one here. Keegan Murray or Khris Middleton. You got a slumping 2nd year 3 point, specialist or a guy in Middleton who we know we know who he is, but we also have no idea if he's ever gonna play more than 27 minutes for a week straight. Yeah. I'm I'm I'm gonna fade the, the the injury bug here and the age with Khris Middleton. Give me Keegan Murray to, at some point, pop off and return to the form that he was at last year for a really good offense. I'd I'd be I'd be surprised if at some point he doesn't come barreling back. Mhmm. Sell high or hold on Kobe White in PJ Washington? I think you could sell high. I I I struggle with the Kobe White thing because I I really like him as a player, and they're clearly done with Zach LaVine. He hasn't been playing as of late, and they're gonna trade him at some point if they could find anybody to take him at a reasonable price. I think Kobe White's fantasy value could soar because of that. They're gonna play much more, a team Billy Donovan type basketball. So I'm a little hesitant on that because I think his best days could be in front of him, not behind him. And and and PJ Washington is a is a player that's always gonna have a very solidified role, for Steve Clifford and the Charlotte Hornets. So I'm gonna say hold on both of them. Yeah. I would rather sell PJ Washington, and he's always been a favorite of mine. You know, he's center eligible. Like, I feel like I have him on on every team because you could just kinda get him for free at the end of a draft, and he excuse me. He has those weeks where he's grabbing a bunch of boards and hitting threes. You know, even keeps a pretty good field goal percentage for somebody who takes a lot of threes. So I I'm fine holding both of those guys. I I have a hard time believing, you know, in a 12 team league that there are significantly better options on the waiver wire. Maybe there are. But you you said it on Kobe White. Like, I would be terrified to drop him because I I think Yeah. I think they're trading Zach LaVine. And, you know, Alex and I talked about this a lot on Monday's pod, but there there is a world in which, you know, they trade him and bring back, I don't know, D'Angelo Russell or something, you know, from the Lakers or a young guard that they wanna get a look at. It's it's not a guarantee that Kobe White is locked in to 35 minutes tonight. But I think if they trade especially if they trade to Rosen and LaVine, I think that's pretty likely. So I I I think you're gonna wanna hold Kobe White. You you probably got him at the way end of a draft. Maybe he wasn't even drafted in your league, and I think that's gonna pay pretty major dividends the rest of the way. Giannis, Tyus Jones, and Mike Collins. I assume John Collins. Giannis Giannis, Ed Collins, or Laurie Markkanen, Jalen Brunson, and Jared Allen. Oh, Yeah. The Mike Collins thing's throwing me off a little bit. Yeah. Tyus Jones, man. I watched him at the Amway Center a few nights back. They they were in town for a back to back set. You talk about somebody completely lost in an offense. I mean, he just it it is it's Kyle Kuzma ball, and then every once in a while, Jordan Poole just starts chucking up shots, and he doesn't know what to do with himself. He just looks completely out of out of place. I'm sure that he's looking back and saying that he wished he never left Memphis. Yeah. But I'm not giving up on Giannis, though. I'm not I'm not trading Giannis. It's it's a fair deal, honestly, because I think the the next 3 best players of the trade are marketed Brunson and Allen. So I actually think you're getting a pretty decent deal here. Giannis at a points league, though, I mean, so so tough to give up. I I get that. But I I think there's a pretty strong case for the other side here too. It kinda depends what you need, what your situation is in that league. You know, if you're if you have Giannis now and you're in, like, 9th place and you're like, it's just not working, I would say I would say switch it up. You know, this is I almost view this as like a a 2 for 3 type of trade because, you know, between and Collins, you never really know what you're gonna get week to week, whereas, marketed, Brunson, Jared Allen, those guys are way more consistent. Yeah. And Brunson, you know you're gonna get you you know you're gonna get that usage from Brunson. Leads the league with 8.2 minutes of possession time per game. There's not a lot of guys that are gonna that are gonna give you that. So I I I agree with Nick in the sense that it really depends on where you are in the standings. But if if my team's doing well right now, I'm keeping Giannis. Yeah. Good point. Good nugget on that that Brunson staff, by the way. Let's see. We got a question from Kouchad TTV. How much panic for Pistons not named Cade rest of season? Is this massive hit everyone is taking purely Bogdan Bogdanovic's return? Coaching, are they just the Cleveland Browns or the NBA drafting bad players? That all all the above is very possible. Yeah. Yep. The the return of Bojan has gone about as expected. You know, I I I still don't really know what what they're thinking because the Detroit Pistons don't operate on logic like some other franchises do. So is it a trade audition for Bogdanovic, or is he just gonna play 30 minutes tonight? Neither of those would really surprise me. You can't trust them night to night. You know, Jaden Ivey will will have a week where he plays 12 minutes off the bench, and then he's starting and playing 28 minutes. They're slashing a star Thompson of all people's minutes. The one guy who's been, like, really good for them this year. They they're just the best, man. They're a complete mess. There's a reason that they've won 4 games in the last, like, 10 months. Yeah. The Pistons are completely directionless. It's sad. This was a once proud franchise that has no idea what they wanna be, who they wanna build around. But still when you look at Kate Cunningham's numbers, I mean, he's still putting up a decent stat line. So, I think the panic on Cade Cunningham is a little bit overstated, but I understand if you wanna get out of the Pistons business, I'm I'm completely on board with that. Would you trade Aaron Gordon for Jabari Smith in a 10 team points league? Maybe. 10 team league. I mean, you're talking bottom of your roster and a 10 teamer. Right? I mean, these are guys that are probably not shifting your fortune one way or the other. I think I would, man. I I actually like what I've seen from Jabari Smith over the last couple of weeks. I mean, early on, it felt like here we go again with him, but, you know, he's still he's still not giving you a ton outside of points and rebounds. You gotta keep that in mind. But, you know, shooting over 55% from the field over his last 7 games, you know, he's taken more threes. He's getting to the line a bit more as well. Not that the percentages matter all that much in a points league, but I I think I would chase the upside with Jabari Smith, partially because, you know, like we said, it's probably your last spot, you know, in your starting lineup or or maybe even a bench spot. So I'd rather I'd rather play with some upside there. Right. Yeah. There's still a chance that he explodes into a different level of player. Aaron Gordon is extremely comfortable and solidified in being the defensive stopper for the Nuggets if you absolutely have to get a bucket. It's mostly it's mostly put back opportunities for Aaron Gordon. They have enough guys that can score the basketball where he can go games where he's just simply not involved, and and that's not a discredit to him. The fact that he's settled into a spot in his NBA career where he doesn't feel like he needs to score to be valuable. A lot of guys really find out find it very difficult to ever get to that point mentally. But, yeah, with Jabari Smith, I'll be honest, completely pessimistic to start the year. I thought, here we go. There's not enough balls to go around, but I actually really am buying into what I may I may do Udoka is do, doing over there, and Jabari Smith seems to be settling into a much more comfortable role. Alright. Admiral Nida asked, are Ben Simmons, Wendell Carter junior, and Khris Middleton by Lowe's right now? I think I would qualify all of them into that category. I'm not sure that I wanna buy them, but they're definitely in the buy low category. Yeah. I would I I think Wendell Carter, absolutely a buy low for me. Yeah. He was out there in I think it's a one of the a 16 team league that I'm in. I'm like, that you know, for a player like that to to be out there right now, like, I get you know, it's been frustrating. He's been hurt for a while, but yeah. Especially if you're in a deeper format, I I think, you know, he's somebody that's gonna be valuable. Middleton, it's just kind of, you know, what are you expecting versus what do you have to give up? You know, you probably have to trade for him. If you could if you could give up a relatively low upside player, you know, I don't know if you could do, like, Tyus Jones for Khris Middleton. I I think I would I would consider that. You know, even even if Middleton plays 27 to 29 minutes most nights the rest of the way, like, he's still giving you what? Like, 13, 6, and 6. Maybe not 6 to say. 6 and 4 without looking, but he's still a good player. Like, he's been fine. It's just you know, like, if you if you look at his per 36, he's kinda right where he's been for the last couple of years. It's not a I'm not convinced that he's, like, that diminished of a player. I think they're just being really, really careful with his workload and rightfully so because Absolutely. You know, lower body is an issue. Yeah. I mean, their their their goal isn't to be, the top seed 25 games into the season. They've they've got bigger aspirations in that. So and and he's somebody who's dealt with injuries, so they're gonna play it safe with him. Mhmm. Wendell Carter junior, I still have no idea when he's coming back, but I can tell you that I know that he's working his way back, so it should be sooner rather than later. And good luck guessing on Ben Simmons. Ryan Duncan asks, should I trade Paul George and Anthony Edwards for SGA in a points league? Wow. Yeah. That seems like too much. That's too much. Yeah. That's a little I when I I wanna have SGA on my squad, but, that's that's a little that's a little too rich for me as well. Yeah. I mean, that's too that's, like, 2 top 25 guys that you're giving up. And I know SGA is the number one guy, so there's there's a case that maybe it is worth it. Do you think it depends on how big the league is? Is there a size of league where you'd be more comfortable with this? Not necessarily. I don't know. I mean, if it's yeah. I guess in in, like, a much shallower league, then, you know, theoretically, if you if you hit on some of your early picks, you might have some other stars to fall back on. That's possible. Like, if you had a loaded if you if you had a 10 team league and your team is sort of loaded. Yeah. Right. I I don't know. I just I I think especially when you're not really worried about the field goal percentage because that's part of the reason that SGA has been so awesome, especially in category leagues, is he's not only given you 36 and 6 with 2 and a half steals, which is outrageous, but he's also shooting 54% from the field, 94% at the line. I mean, he's he's having a, like, a Jokic level dominant number 1 overall player season. But in in points leagues, those percentages don't really help you as much. So I don't I I just don't think the combined value of those 2 is worth it. You know, if you're just kinda adding up, like, you know, what what is the raw production for these 2 players versus SGA? I feel like it's gonna be quite a bit higher. You know? But if you say 4 games a week for each of them, Edwards plus George to me is is more valuable in SGA. Absolutely. I, I I think if and if you're, in terms of Ryan who asked that question, if you're going through that process where you really wanna pull the trigger on that, you've gotta look at who's on your bench. Do you feel so confident about who you're inserting into your lineup now that you're taking somebody off of it to where that trade makes sense? So I think it's it's very roster dependent, but I'm with Nick. I think it's a little too rich. Alright. We'll hit, 4 or 5 more of these, and we gotta be out of here. Let's see. Well, sure. Dennis asked, Aldama or Suggs? I mean, come on. I'm not going against my guy. Jalen Suggs has been playing great. I don't what is Markelle Fultz coming back? That's the question. Because if this thing if this knee issue is just going to be something that dogs in the entire year, which I'm starting to think it might be, then to me, it's clearly Suggs. Yeah. Here's the thing. I'm not sure that it changes Jalen Suggs' stat projection all that much. Markelle Fultz is gonna primarily be a distributor in the offense and and not a whole lot else more. What Jalen Suggs is giving you is a whole lot of defense, and that's not going away. And his 3 point shooting has been a lot better. Markelle Fultz isn't coming back and stealing threes from Jalen Suggs. So as long as that 3 point shooting stays up, we know the defense is gonna stay there. This guy is is, I mean, he's angling for a new contract. So he's you're getting him in that sort of that peak motivation, portion of his career. Definitely not moving off of him. I think if you got him on your roster, what a steal in fantasy. I didn't see it coming at the start of the year. Did I freeze again? So we have a follow-up on the SGA trade question, for Brian. So he says, you know, Paul George an ad for SGA, and he possibly, you know, be getting Pirtle as well on the deal, which is a nice little sweetener. Ten team points league. He has Ja Morant coming back and Simons coming back. My god. This team is gonna be loaded. And wanting to upgrade to get another 50 point per night player. Yeah. In that case, I mean, I'm not gonna tell you to not go get SGA. I just think you might be able to do it for less. I mean, Paul George and Anthony Edwards are 2 big, big timers. Right? And, you know, I don't maybe you think Paul George is gonna get hurt. History would suggest you will. In that case, you know, then then it becomes much more worth it. I would just see if you could do one of those guys and then you know, even offer, like, offer, like, Ja Morant and Paul George or Ja Morant and Anthony Edwards. You know, Simon's, possibly. I just I wouldn't wanna give up both of those guys. Yeah. But I appreciate the, the added context because I think that's exactly why you make a move like that. It it does make a lot more sense now. Alright. Gotta drop 1. Lively or Nas Reed? Yeah. I don't wanna drop, Derek Lively. I I think this Dallas team I mean, what they did the other night was just insane. The 30 point run even though they lost. I'm still I'm gonna end up backing the Dallas Mavericks tonight just off of, just sheer respect for their ability to do that. But Derek Lively, I love what he's brought to this team, and, I'm not I'm not willing to move off of him. Mhmm. Kawhi or Siakam in a 9 category league? Our question asker would be trading Kawhi for Siakam in this situation. I think I'd rather have, I think I'd rather have Kawhi. Their point totals are similar enough, and I would expect Kawhi Leonard's defensive stats to uptick. It's been a little bit down, but, yeah, I think I'd I think I'd rather have Kawhi. They're really similar players statistically. Yeah. They are. Excuse me. I would probably I would probably take Siakam just for the security. Although Kawhi's been he's been healthy. Like, it feels like it of the nice surprises this season so far is that load management has just not really been a topic, like, at all, especially compared to last year. And, you know, Kawhi is is the front center, player when it comes to that. So maybe that changes as the year goes along. Kawhi is obviously the better Fantasy player right now. It's just a matter of, you know, what's his game count gonna be versus Siakam. But, yeah, I think you you just don't wanna get suckered in on Kawhi, you know, because you you always feel like that injury is coming or that mysterious, you know, as these start to act up, and he's in and out. So if you're if you're doing well in your league and you wanna, you know, add some security, I would go Siakam. I just traded marketing and Brook Lopez for Lillard and Nurkic. Is this a win or a loss? I I'd say it's about a wash. I I'd probably rather have marketing and Lopez. Yeah. I would agree. I've Damien Lillard's starting to really turn it on, and his numbers over the last 10 games have been tremendous. Right. Yeah. It's it's definitely not like a a major major l here. But I yeah. I don't know. It's close. I I just think I think if I'm ranking these players in order, Lillard 1, Markkanen 2, Lopez 3, Nurkic 4. So, you know, you got the best player and the worst player of the deal. You gave up 2 and 3. I I think usually that's fine. It's just the the question is how big is the gap between Lillard and Markkanen at the end of the season? Like, can Lillard can he climb up to being, like, the 8th best fantasy player in category leagues? If so, then you probably won the trade. Yeah. Well, if it helps, Markkanen's out tonight, so makes you feel a little better about it. Alright. Yeah. We'd love to see that for the just, you know, absolute wagon of a rotor wire steak team for for your your your host here. That's the last thing we needed was marketing going down, and this has just been a been a nightmare situation. Anyway alright. We got 1 or 2 more in us here, Brandon. Let's see. Twelve team, 9 cat, punting rebounds in field goal percentage. Would you rather have Marcus Smart or Malik Beasley and Spencer Dinwiddie? So I think it's Smart versus Beasley and Dinwiddie. Oh, man. I am really not intrigued by any of them. Marcus Smart just hasn't been around, and Dinwiddie has been so hot and cold. I think I'd rather have Beasley and Dinwiddie. I think if you're not worried about vehicle percentage, then, yeah, Dinwiddie, especially, becomes a lot more appealing. So that's the way I would lean as well. Let's see. Should I trade my Karl Anthony Towns for Ingram? And then he follows up and says, a buddy of mine hates Ingram. Just wanna see if he's worth trading for my Karl Anthony Towns. Yeah. I mean, you gotta take advantage of these situations in Fantasy Leagues. If if somebody hates somebody, make sure you target them. I would not trade Kat for Ingram. No. I I would not do that. I I Kat's a much better Fantasy player. I know there's been some health issues the last few years. I'm not too worried about that. I would I would keep Kat every time. Yeah. You're just you're losing too many of the category, the key categories of fantasy in that regard. They're close enough in points where it's sort of a wash there. Kat's a better rebounder. He's a better, shot blocking artist, shoots a better field goal percentage, free throw percentage, 3 point percentage. He's just better across the board. Yeah. Not not much of a debate there for me either. Alright. We gotta cut it off here. Good stuff, guys. Appreciate all the questions in the chat as always. Please like, subscribe to our videos over at, YouTube slash Fantasy Basketball. Check us out on Twitter as well. We will be doing these streams 5 days a week, all NBA season. Me and Brandon will be here 9:30 AM CST every Wednesday. I'll be with Alex Barutha on Monday afternoons. We have Rick Kamala and Steve Alexander. They'll be hosting tomorrow. Then we do a waiver wire episode midmorning every Friday as well to help you get set for the weekend. So check out all those shows. Like, subscribe on YouTube. Really helps us out. We appreciate, again, all the questions and all the interaction. Brandon, good chat with you, man. We'll talk again soon, and, hopefully, the magic could keep us up. We need to start a new streak tonight, so keep your fingers crossed. See you, Nick.