Go ahead, Alex. We're live. We're live. We're on. Oh, you can't hear anything? Well, maybe we're not live. Well, welcome to the RotoWire podcast. It is November 3, 2023 with a muted or deaf Alex Barutha, Shannon McEwen, and I am Ken K train. Uh-huh. All aboard. We're gonna stick to our usual in season format of news, fan feedback, waiver wire, DFS picks, and some silliness. Not sure what Alex is doing. Alex, why don't you read us our first news item? I'm here. I told you I was having audio issues, but you started the podcast without asking. So this can be an argument we have later like an old married couple. I did that. You didn't answer. You couldn't hear me. What exactly? We have Victor. When been Yama have a massive game against the sun's with 38 points, 10 rebounds, 2 blocks and 3 triples up at 20 up, 20 at the half. The Spurs almost blew it at the end. Devin Booker was trying to win the game himself, but the Spurs and when Banyama went on a 12 over on late in 4th, 10 of that came through when Banyama now shooting 79% in the 4th quarter. Booker return from his toe issue, which is obviously a major news item. He had been out for a while. Still kind of waiting on Bradley Beal. Not really sure what's going on there. Had a great 31 points, 9 rebounds, 13 assists. Jeremy Sohan also had a bounce back in, Ken. Yeah. We'll get to that a little later, but, he's been up and down. But some injury news, unfortunately. Right, Alex? Yeah. Devin Vassell, did not play in the second half due to a groin injury, and pops that he is likely out a while. No idea what that means. That could be like he's out 3 days. That could be he's out 3 weeks. Shannon, do you think there's anybody to add with this news, or is it just is it gonna be too much like Doug McDermott, taking usage away from other guys? Well, Branham Branham got the start in the second half in place of Vassell, but it's really Trae Jones who who piqued my interest the most. Trae Jones, you know, he he played 28 minutes of the bench unit for the Spurs. He wed the the bench unit in minutes played. Offensive rating of 1 50, usage of 16.3 last night, finished the game with 12 points, 10 assists, and one steal. And that that's really why I love Trey Jones. It's those steal or I'm sorry, the assist, and that's the category where he can really step up. He is the best facilitator on that team. You know, you've got other players who have stepped up. So so hand, being the the, you know, point guard by default in the starting lineup had his best facilitating game of the season last night with 9 assists. But Trey Jones is still the guy who has the most upside in that category for the Spurs. So I think he's probably the one who will end up being plugged into the starting lineup, if Vassell misses any any more time. So that's the guy I'm picking up. I like that. I like that. I'll say in deeper league, C. D. Osmond, if Trey Jones is not available, C. D. Osmond has scored in double digits for the last 5 games for the Spurs. But, yeah, Jones is the guy. Yes. In Philly, a hardenless PJ Tuckerless 70 sixers made quick work of Toronto, 114 to 99. Kelly Oubre got the start, scored 23 on 8 of 13 shooting, played 30 minutes and also grabbed 5 boards. He's averaging, gentlemen, 20 points a game through 4 games. Maybe more impressive, though, shooting 53% from the field. We know, Oubre has struggled with his efficiency. Guys, is he the new starter at the 3 after this trade? I wouldn't I think it's possible. I mean, if I were them, I would start Covington for the defense, and I think having Oubre off the bench would be nice just because, you know, he has no conscious when it comes to shooting the basketball. But I'm not a 100% sure what they'll do. I think either way, Boudre probably sees, like, 25, you know, 28 minutes a game still. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if given the success that that starting lineup saw last night, if they go and run it back and at least try to see if that works long term. I agree with Alex, though. I I think they probably prefer to have Oubre be that 6 man score off the bench, but it's hard to hard to argue with the results from last night. And it's still gonna take some time for the new additions to that roster to really, you know, mesh with the team, figure out their roles in the rotation. So we could see Uber, at least in the short term, stick in the starting lineup. People are talking like, oh, Covington's back with the Sixers. That should be easy. But Nick Nurse's system, I'm sure, is wildly different than the crazy process they were running when Covington was with the Sixers a while back. And that that's one one thing about Nick Nurse too is I feel like he really plugged in his best 5 players in the starting lineup when he was in Toronto, and he didn't worry about it. You know, you had Siakam. They would have smaller lineups where, like, Siakam would be center at times. So Nick Nurse might might not care. Just go with his best 5 players, which Uber is one of those. You certainly played a hot hand at least short term for now. Alex, take us to Utah. Yeah. Utah, they fell to 2 and 4 with a home loss to the Orlando Magic. The Taylor Horton Tucker roller coaster, which has been going up and down, it was officially up 15, 8, and 3 with 3 steals in a block. For him, we finally had Paulo Banchero have a bit of a breakout game after struggling early in the season, some low usage, and bad shooting at 30 points and 9 of 13 shooting, 9 boards, 5 combined steals and blocks. We also had Walker Kessler finally have a big block game, 5 slots, but he only saw 25 minutes still, has played more than 25 minutes only once this season. They're still leaning a lot on Kelly Olynyk. So that I mean, Ken, are you worried? I think in that game. Right? 4 points. Alright. Yeah. Kessler, 4 points on 6 shots. Yeah. I am getting worried about the usage. I don't is it do they think he's a worse fit now that Collins is starting? Yeah. Worried about the shots. Clarkson is just gonna jack unconscious in this. He's gonna take a ton of shots. I worry about Kessler, shot volume, field goal attempts game to game. This is getting a little concerning. Yeah. I I think shot volume was always gonna be an issue with Kessler. He he's you know, they're not they're not running set plays for him. He's getting most of his most of his buckets off putbacks, you know, easy dump offs, where he's got a bunny. So, you know, I'm not too concerned about that. The minutes are the big issue for me. 25 minutes last night, and, you know, it I I don't think it was properly assessed that the addition of John Collins means this team can go smaller. Right? You know, Markkanen's already playing out of position as a small forward, and they can slide those 2 up to the 4 and the 5 and go without a center. And then, of course, the clinic, Kelly Olynyk, still still crushing it, still providing value off the bench for this team. So so that gives them another big man who who factors in. You know, I I believe Kessler is still a hole no matter you know, if you're in 12 team leagues, there might be some really shallow leagues where you'd look elsewhere if you're fine with blocks. But if you're in leagues that shallow, you should stop playing fancy basketball anyways. So I'm holding them because I still believe, like, this team is not very good right now. They're gonna probably sell some of their veterans. Kessler is one of the long term pieces if they if the season goes off the rails for this team. They're gonna keep him around, and he'll get more minutes as the season wears on. Funny, though, we are complaining on a night when he got 5 blocks as you pointed out, Alex. Great great to see those slots. One last thing we wanna hit before we jump into fan feedback and waiver wire. Herb Jones had a big game. We'd be remiss if we didn't mention that. He, had 21 points on 6 of 7 from the field and 9 of 9 from the free throw line. Five boards, 3 assists, 4 blocks, and 3 steals in 34 minutes against, Shannon's Pistons, although Zion and Ingram were both out. So that is important to know. Yeah. A couple of bad bad losses for the Pistons in a row, unfortunately. Cade Cunningham, you know, the back to back games, not a great showing for him. His field goal percentage is a bit of a mess right now. He was 8 for 22 last night. The the you know, overall, he he's shooting 40.7% from the floor. Free throw is great, 86.4, and 3 point shot is actually much improved this season. He's taken a career high 6.8 attempts per game and hitting 41 a half percent. Turnovers, another red flag here for Cade. Averaging 5.5 turnovers per game right now. Not great. Not great at all. Yeah. It is. But I, you know, I I you know, this is a guy who has played 82 career games. It's his 3rd season, but last night was his 82nd career game. So he now has one full season under his belt as far as game volume goes. So it's still very encouraging to see some of the the signs we have averaging 22.77a half assists. And like I said, 3 pointers, he's knocking those down at a great clip. So tons of upside, but there may be some, struggles for field goal percentage and turnovers, especially those 9 category leads will be problematic. Alex, tell us about our good friends at Underdog. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $500 and a free 6 month subscription to ROTAWire with promo code RW NBA. It's promo code RWNBA. Visit RotoWire excuse me. Don't also visit RotoWire, but also visit underdogfancy.com or download the underdog app today, and use promo code RWNBA to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. ChuChu. RWNDA. Oh, sorry. I got you, Ken. Don't worry. That's code r w n b a. Sorry. I was answering a question on a chat to this whole live thing. I'm too old for this. But that is promotion code r w n b a. We're going to our fan feedback, Ken. Yes. Fans, please ask us a question in the comments of this week's waiver wire video. Look for waiver wire on the cover of the video, on the new RotoWire Fantasy Basketball YouTube page, and we may answer it here on next week's show. So from fan Dylan Twaddle, would you trade Markelle Fultz for Andrew Wiggins? Side note, Fultz missed Thursday's game in Utah due to left knee soreness. What say you, Shannon and Alex? I would rather have Fultz. I think he has more upside. Some of it depends on what your league settings are, but I I mean, and Fultz Fultz's minutes have been a little low, maybe because of the knee issues. Wiggins hasn't been very good. I would I would rather have Fultz. I like the Wiggins side. Wiggins has started off extremely slow. He's averaging 11.4 points, only 2.2 rebounds right now. Minutes have been low as well, but I expect he'll bounce back. You know, it's they're they're still trying to get a handle on the warriors are still trying to get a handle on their rotation with Chris Paul involved. Draymond Green's now now healthy. But I do expect Wiggins is gonna bounce back, see the 30 plus minutes that he's been accustomed to since joining the warriors, and I expect the production will follow. Okay. So we're split 5050 there. If I had to break the tie, I think I lean a little more defaults just because I like the value of assist a little more. But I believe now it's time for our waiver wire picks heading into week 3. Each of us are gonna give 2 regular picks, which means they're available. Players are available in 50% of leagues and one long shot where the players are available in 25% or fewer, leagues. Alex, start us off. Who is your first waiver wire recommendation? It's Tim Hardaway junior of the Dallas mavericks? These routes are in about 37% of leagues. They have 4 games next week. The mavericks do, so that definitely helps. Coming off the bench, we're playing 29 minutes a game. Main thing is the shooting volume is really high, and the percentages are sustainable. Some of this is Kyrie Irving's been out. Right? So they need a little bit more of a playmaker, got to truck up shots, but he's taking 15 shots a game. 9 of those are threes, 45% from the field, 43% from 3. That's not gonna come down a lot for for Tim Hardaway. And with 4 games next week, you just the shot volume is you have to take it. Nice. I like it. You know, Tim I feel like Tim Hardaway has been on a waiver wire discussion at least 4 times every season. The 4 games are clear. He doesn't mind shooting. If you need 3 when he's on a hot hand, if you need threes, good way to go. I'm gonna go, in my first selection, Malik Monk of the Sacramento Kings. He's rostered on 41% of leagues. He scores yes, but he also gets a decent amount of assists. He's getting 4 and a half per game so far this season. The Kings do have only 3 games next week. Forgot to point out, by the way, there are 3 teams, with only 2 games next week. That's Cleveland, Portland, and Toronto only have 2 games next week, so be wary of that. But back to Monk, Darren Fox is day to day with an ankle issue, so they may not push his minutes next week. Monk's also qualifies as a guard and forward on Yahoo. Anyway, over 4 games, 14.3 points, 2 boards, 4 and a half assists. Some, you know, if you need points, if you need dimes, Monk is out there. Good choice, Ken. My first waiver wire suggestion is Saddiq Bey. Swing man for the Atlanta Hawks. Bey lost his starting job to Jalen Johnson a week ago, but guess who snuck back into the starting lineup? November 1st, base started against the Wizards, played 32 minutes, had 14 points, 7 rebounds, and 2 3 pointers. I would expect that it's gonna be the roles between Jalen Johnson and sneak bay are gonna be somewhat influx. You know, add in Deandre Hunter as well. This team will probably there's gonna be nights where they sit a player. So Johnson, Bay, both might be moving in and out of starting lineup. But even even off the bench, Bay was still seen plenty of run, 31 minutes, 25 minutes in his 2 games, off the bench this season. Overall, averaging 11 and a half points, 5 and a half rebounds, 1.2 steals, which is a career high. If you can keep that up, that's gonna be solid production for you, and 1.63 pointers. The 3 pointer should creep up. He is a he's hit 2.52.6 his first two seasons in the NBA. I believe he's the most 3 pointers ever, for a player through the first two seasons of their career. Any shooting, higher clip from downtown this year, 42% so far. I mean, if they increases if his efficiency ends up being legit and he shows an improvement, he's not gonna be at the 50% clip he is right now. But if he could shoot 45, 46%, his fantasy value increases considerably, and I think he's he's a lot to be a top 120 value. Well, ideally, he'd get to play the Wizards every night. That'd be awesome. That would help. That would definitely help. Alex, who's your second pick? Yeah. It's Jaylen Suggs out of Orlando. This will be a pretty Orlando centric, thing moving forward for me, but Orlando has 3 games next week, so pretty average. But, Suggs averaging 10 points, 5 rebounds, 2 assists. Obviously, it doesn't sound very good, but 2 steals and 0.6 blocks in 25 minutes. I think he had 4 steals last night. I would not expect his shooting to get meaningfully better. He's not a very good shooter. They're trying to market shooting guards, seeing if it works. We think that steals are very sustainable. We know he's a really good defender. He's I when I checked when I checked last night, he was second in the NBA in deflections per game. So that's that's a good sort of sticky advanced stat for steals. And Ken pointed out in our document that Cole Anthony is probably also an option for Orlando. Much more of an offensive player averaging Yeah. 16 points, 5 rebounds, 3 assists. Doesn't have the steals upside. So it depends on what you need. You know, if you need the scoring punch, add Anthony. If you need some, defense, add Stogs because they're both rostered about the same. Yeah. Better percentages from Anthony too, but, steals are hard to find. With my, second pick, I'm going to just repeat bang the drum again for someone, we've always we've always liked this season. Jeremy Sohan for your San Antonio Spurs surprisingly went back down to 51% rostered. I think he was dropped a lot after scoring 0 points in game 2 versus the Clippers. Again, the Spurs have 4 games next week. As Alex pointed out, Devin Vassell is out with a groin issue. We don't know how long. That's gonna be more uses for Sohan. Pop is letting Sohan figure it out at the point guard, and in a nice bounce back game, 14 points, 9 assists, 5 rebounds on a block with maybe more importantly, only one turnover last night in that win over the Suns. So, so, also guard and forward eligible, on Yahoo. So, position flexibility as well. Yeah. I can't believe how many people dropped him. Like, I understand that maybe, you know, he's not he's whether or not he's gonna be a good point guard in the NBA, very much to be determined, but they're trying him out there, and he's he's a very high IQ player. I think he's gonna get 30 minutes a game. You know? Like, he's just gotta be roster and 10 team league, especially on a 4 game league. I I would argue 10 team league. He is a fringe player, depending on the depth of the rosters. 12 team and above absolutely should be rostered. And it would be it'd be great to have some more clarity on, you know, what these percentages you know, we're we're targeting players who are under 50% roster dot on Yahoo, 25% for our long shots. But how many of those leagues consist of 8 team or 10 team leagues? We're not sure. But I think Sohan give me 12 team. He's he's an easy addition. I think he's kind of right on the fringe there for for shallower formats. Now my my second pickup, Denny Avia of the Washington Wizards 44% rostered. He he has locked in to the starting lineup. Four starts for the Wizards. Only 23 and a half minutes per game so far. But, yeah, when when most of the games are blowouts, that's bound to happen. I do think if the Wizards could be more competitive, he'll see more run. He had 40 fantasy points in the latest start against Atlanta, which was a somewhat competitive game. 22 points, 5 rebounds, 3 assists, 2 steals, 1 block, 2 3 pointers. That across the board, categorical contributions, that's what Denny can do. We need a nickname for Denny. We really need a nickname for him. Please. I never wanna have to say that last name again. Please. But he I I love the way he could contribute across the board. 44% roster seems way too low for his skill set and what he can provide for a fancy roster. I'm scooping it up in any leagues where he's available. 10 team leagues. He's kinda in that Sohan range where he's more of probably a bench guy, but I think he's worth a look because his production can increase as his minutes grow. Okay, Alex. It's time for your long shot, and the re and, the chat area is, asking multiple questions about this center situation in Orlando. Mo Wagner, 14% round. Wendell Carter, Junior broke his fingers hand last night. No current timetable, you know, some guys recovered better than others like Sabonis broke his. What was it his thumb last year and just kept playing, but that was because it was his right thumb and he's the most left handed player in the NBA. So you may as well just chop the thing off. But, regardless, I think Carter is probably gonna miss some time here. We saw Wagner as a starter last year for stretches, and we've seen throughout his entire career if he gets the minutes he can put up numbers. So as a starter last year, he was 14 points on good efficiency, 51, 3486, with 7 boards, 2 assists, and a steal, not much of a shot blocker, and that was in 26 minutes. So I fully expect Wagner to get the start here. I don't know what they're gonna do with the backup situation. They have the tats there. Maybe they'll try more Jonathan Isaac at the 5 now that they have the opportunity, but that's very that's very deep league stuff. But to me, Moe Wagner is is we have him as a long shot, but to me, he's a he's brought a 12 team ad if you if you, you know, if you need the production or have someone that you can easily drop. It is it is Carter's offhand that's hurt. Correct? I believe I think so. Yeah. That was his left hand. So, yeah, it is a left hand fracture for Carter. Keep tabs on it, but I agree I agree with that. I mean, Moe is the guy who's gonna get minutes at the 5 for the Magic. Alright. My long shot, could also be my dull pick of the week, but it's starting forward Grant Williams for the Dallas mavericks, rostered only 20% of leagues. The Mavs have 4 games in week 3. Williams was a great streaming option last year when he was coming off the bench for Boston, and now he's starting for Dallas getting more minutes. So far early in the season, he's averaging 31 and a half minutes per game. And, hey, he drained 7 triples on Wednesday. He's averaging, 4 3 pointers a game right now. You know, as you can imagine, a lot of those are sweet setups from Luca. Williams, the corner office is always open for Grant. Knows how to catch and shoot those threes. Also, we'll get you, should be getting better solid defensive stats than he's done so far for Dallas. But, I like Grant Williams as a streaming option this week. Grant Williams was made to be a streaming option on 4 game weeks. He's locked into a starting role with the Dallas Mavericks. He's gonna get the minutes. His production's gonna be a roller coaster. Just like my long shot of the week, Malik Beasley, more of a categorical play. If you need 3 pointers, he is the guy to pick up. Beasley is locked into the starting lineup for the Bucks. He's played 25 or more minutes, started in each game, started all 4 games. Doing pretty solid right now, averaging 12 points, 3.3 rebounds, 2 steals. That that's the sweetener right there. If he can keep up and average more than 1 steal per game, then his value increases. Unlikely since he's never done that in his career, but still something to watch. But from downtown, 3 3 pointers per game, 4th year in a row that he's been around that number, he can hit threes. That's what he does. So if you need 3 pointers, Beasley, the only thing he's gonna do for the Bucks is stand in the corner and wait for the ball to get past him so he can chuck up a 3. I love Beasley for that. If you're in a league, you're you're short on 3 pointers, he's a guy to consider. I think that's a good call. I just wish the buck were playing better so he could get more open looks, and it would actually help. But who knows? I mean, if you're in a deep league, like you said, you need threes, he's a way to go. Video editor, Alan Ziswowski suggested we mentioned some drops. I think some obvious ones. Isaac Acura for Cleveland. They're getting healthy. They only have 2 games next week. I hope you still don't manage Matisse Thiebaud in Portland. They also only have 2 games, plus Thiebaud doesn't do anything on offense. And then Precious Chua for Toronto, he's now hurt, and they the Raptors only have 2 games. Any other drops? How do you guys feel about Max Strouse as a possible drop? I'm I won't be surprised. I mean, I I think it's very I don't know if likely is the right word. It's likely that Struce is not really a 12 team guy, in my opinion. I mean, I don't I don't know if his upside is, like, really inside the top 100. I don't think I'd drop him right now, but, like, he has a pretty quick you know, if he doesn't if he kinda goes back to, like, heat max truce for the next 2 weeks, I'm like, I'm completely fine letting him go and screaming that spot or or chasing upside elsewhere. Yeah. I mean, currently, he's he's got about top 120 value for per game value at least. You know, the big boost there has been his increased rebounding numbers. He has 2 big rebounding games this season, 11 boards against Indy, 12 boards against Brooklyn, averaging 7 per game right now. The minutes are also a career high. I mean, he he's averaging 37 minutes. He averaged 28.4 of last year for Miami. I actually think he's a hold in 12 team leagues. 10 team leagues, you can cut him loose. You can stream options there. You know, on an individual game basis, on a game by game basis, there's gonna be a lot of up and ups and downs with Struce. Overall, though, I think he's locked into a significant role. He'll see 30 plus minutes, with the Cleveland Cavs all year. Is it gonna be 37 minutes? No. Is he gonna average 7 rebounds per game? No. But is he a 12 point 2, 3 pointer per game? 2, 2 and a half, 3 pointer per game guy? Yes. So if your league values that, he's still gonna have solid value. Also, his shooting right now, he's actually on kind of a cold streak. He's shooting 34.8 for the season. He's better shooter than that. He he should be above 40% being that 42, maybe 43 range, once he gets the the stroke going. So his value actually some some areas he's gonna show improvement. And that is the end of our waiver wire segment. Alex, tell us about our good friends at Vivid Seats. The NBA season is here, and in fact, the NBA in season tournament is today or the start of it. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crushing on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dump, dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visitvividseas.com or download the app today and use promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code ROTOWIRE for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vivid Seats. Experience it live. That's code, r0towire. Gentlemen, it's now time for your Friday DFS suggestions and, dive right into it. Alright. Yeah. Before before we start discussing some of our favorite DFS picks for Friday's slate, we are running another DFS tiers contest on splash sports. Visit rotor wire.com/splash, s p l a s h, and sign up for our rotor wire slash sports contest for the Friday night slate. Very, very easy format, fun, and, I hope you guys join us. Alright. Seventy game slate, highest over under. Not much. Not much. Not a single game in the 2 thirties, Al. What are we gonna do? I don't even know how that's possible in the modern NBA. It's really bizarre. As always, you know, we could mention a 1000000 injuries here because there are always a 1000000 injuries in the NBA, but we have a we have a injury page on rotor wire. So check that out for the updated information. But we do have, you know, like, you have to you have to monitor the Garland Allen situation in Cleveland, Halliburton's questionable, Dinwiddie might come back. What is the We do have well, one one one of the big injury news items that we already aware of is SGA is sitting Friday night Oh. For the Thunder. Who are you looking to plug into your DFS lineup with SGA out? I think this is just I mean, it could be as simple as just more Jalen Williams, more Josh Getty. Kayson Wallace has been really interesting for them. I could see him getting more minutes. I don't know if he's high usage enough, but to me, this just makes me lean more on Jalen Williams and and Josh Giddey. I'm with you. Williams was my initial plug in. As soon as I went to set my DFS on both DraftKings and fan of the night tonight, Trey Waylon will Jalen Williams was the first player I plugged in. He's still kind of that mid price range, 65100 on DraftKings and 67100 on FanDuel. Giddey's more expensive. I actually think Giddey's, he he's kinda prohibitive. I I can't I can't go with him on on draft. He's 84100. He's only averaged 28 fantasy points per game this season. I know he's been good with s g a SGA out in the past, but this is a deeper thunder team than we had last season. You have Chet Holmgren who's gonna step up and fill more of that score role. You have Jalen Williams who has, you know, is just a great all around player. Wallace, like you mentioned, I I mean, I think Wallace will be interesting, but he's expensive on DraftKings too. 54100 for a guy who's really unproven. He's a bit cheaper. Wallace is a bit cheaper on FanDuel, 42100. I like him I like him in that range, especially if he gets the starting nod. But we don't know who's gonna start over SGA right now. It could be Wallace, could be Trey Mann, could be Isaiah Joe. They're they could go any which way, and I wouldn't be surprised. Well, and I'll mention on our RotoWire daily lineups page, which everybody should visit, we have, a an on off court stat feature. So when somebody's ruled out and you can click on off court stats and see where the usage goes, unfortunately, it doesn't provide any more information in this case than we are saying because with s j off the court, it's a 5 it's a 6% bump for Giddey, a 5% bump for Jalen Williams, and a 5% bump for Casen Wallace. Also an 11% bump for Isaiah Joe. That's a little interesting if you want like a a really low priced flyer. But, yeah, I think I think everything you said, Shannon, is is on point. That's good. Some other options I'm looking at. How about alright. We talked about Trey Jones a little bit. How about Tyus Jones? He has been yeah. Both Tyus Jones and Poole. We can talk about both wizard guards. They've both been very disappointing this season. But on FanDuel in particular, I I I find it hard to pull away from them. I I feel like, eventually, the Wizards are gonna have a close game, and these 2 guys are gonna put together the night the type of performance that were was projected from them during the preseason. 67100 for Poole and 61100 for Tyus Jones. I will say that 67100 for Poole is for a guy who could go out there and score 50 fantasy points. Like, we know he has that in him. It just seems that that that that's too appealing. I can't move away from that. I don't blame you. Ken's in his in his Bullets jersey right now. I fun. Yeah. Right. Resident Jordan Poole fan, Ken Price. No. I happily switched to the, Celtics bandwagon now that I'm living here in in New England. But, in my youth, I'm trying to remember who would be the Jordan Poole example. Kevin Grievey used to jack it up some for them, but he was more of a shooting guard. He's pretty slow. But, no. You know what? What kills me with Poole, throwing it off the backboard for a dunk when you're down 20 points. How about you just make the layup, kiddo? Your team's terrible. Wretched. And you're he's wagging the tongue. They're getting their ass kicked on a regular basis, and he he thinks he's, like, ready for the all star ballots. Ridiculous. They're entertainers, Ken. Just enjoy it. I can't for obvious reasons. Yeah. I mean, I I agree with you, Shannon. That that, salary for Jordan Poole is ridiculous given the given the volume that he's shooting at. And, yeah, Tyus Jones is stealing some of his assists because he, I suppose, runs the offense there. I mean, it's it's really hard to say he does when it's, like, Jordan Poole's taking 25 shots a game, whose offense is it really. But, yeah, at some point, like you mentioned, maybe it's not tonight against the heat, but if you keep putting them in your lineup at that at that salary, it's gonna pay off one of these days. Alex, what is your confidence that Jimmy Butler plays tonight? Game time decision. I know what you wrote on rotor wire, and we know the heat and their injury labels are interesting. Yeah. I mean, he's expected to play, but if there's one night to rest a guy, it might be against the Wizards while you're at home. So I would just let's just keep an eye on that, you know, and I mean, even if he does play, maybe his minutes are down. Yeah. Yeah. He gets pulled early. So that's, that's the situation. I would honestly probably avoid. I thought you were going to ask me about the box, my confidence level in the box going up against the Knicks. And I will tell you that it is 0. Yeah. I mean, on the we were, you know, Nick and I were talking on the XM show, SiriusXM, NBA channel, 86. Listen. That's a plug. You guys are on 6 o'clock EST usually? 7 EST. 7 EST. My apologies. I liked the Raptors plus 4 the other night against the Bucks. I was like, I'm not what's the why would I have confidence in this Bucks team? And I don't know. I mean, I've seen I you might have to help me out, Shannon. I don't have the the, Lillard's salary in front of me because I'm I'm away from my normal setup, and I got too many tabs open. I can't click through. But I saw Lillard's points prop up at 28 and a half the other day. To me, that's crazy. He's not gonna average 29 points a game for the Bucks, not even close. So I'd still be worried that a lot of these guys' salaries are too high, especially going up against a good defense like New York. He is 89100 on FanDuel, which is actually you know, that's probably about right. This is a guy who routinely is a $10,000 player on FanDuel. So I think seeing him in that range, is about right. Obviously, you know, he's had a couple down games, but that season opener, 57 points, like, we know he has that kind of upside. And to get a guy who can score 60 points in a single game under $9,000 is pretty pretty rare. He's at 94100 on DraftKings. Yeah. My concern for Lillard just continues to be, like, the shot attempts. Thirteen shots a game. Like, it's just I don't know. It's not enough volume. But I understand. I mean, if if you got 89100 left over in your FanDuel lineup and Lillard is sitting there, it's pretty hard not to be like, well, tonight's the night. Right? Didn't didn't Giannis admit, hey. We're still figuring this out. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And that's that's obviously gonna be the case. Like, building chemistry with teams like that that are just plugged together and don't have that much time. I mean, I mean, go and look at, I always bring this up when when this type of discussion comes up. Go look at the heat. When they brought in the big three, LeBron, Dwyane Wade, Chris Bosh, they were 10 and 10 after 20 games. A quarter of the way through the season, they were a 500 team. They went to the finals that year. They were fine. They struggled. It took a while to mesh. Even guys who were really good friends off the court already, and it probably played together a lot, international play and whatnot. You know, it took time for them to mesh. And I'm not surprised if the Bucks, you know, continue. Their slow start continues, but they're gonna figure it out. I I think Dame, will he average 30 points per game this year? No. But is he gonna be 26, 27 points, bunch of 3 pointers, bunch of assists? Will Giannis be the guy? Yes. They're they'll get it figured out, and everything will be fine. Are there any other targets on this slate for you, Shannon? We actually have the 0 and 5 Memphis Grizzlies going up against the 23 Portland Trail Blazers. Portland world beaters beat my Pistons in Detroit. Don't, you know, don't forget about it. Portland's surprising. Surprised in the world with that victory over the Detroit Pistons. Look at him. You should mention Scott. Simon's out. Yep. Simons is out so sharp. Scott Henderson, to be determined. He I know he left the most recent game with injury. So he has ruled out already for Friday night's game as well. Sharp, technically, is a a game time decision, but he's considered probable. So you have, like, Brogdon might get in the put in the line, starting lineup. Jeremy Grant's gonna assume a heavier role. Shane Sharp looked fantastic against the Pistons. So, you know, I do like that. Portland side is a bit more interesting. The values for our every player is a bit more, you know, a bit more manageable when building a lineup. Jared Jackson, Desmond Bane, both very expensive on on FanDuel and DraftKings. Zaire Williams, you know, starting small forward for Memphis. I like him, but lot of risk when it comes to DFS. He he's under 5,000, but still at risk. And then Xavier Tillman, you know, up and down. And part of that is then matchup based, I know, against Utah. The both both Tillman and Kessler, the big men, both had bad nights in that match up on November 1st because the Grizzlies went small. So then Utah went small, and neither played many minutes. Tillman only had 14 minutes. I he also had 3 fouls in those 14 minutes. I'm not too worried about Tillman yet. I'm I'm not confident enough in him to play him in a DFS lineup tonight, but, we had some some folks in the chat asking about should we drop drop Tillman? I don't think so. In a 10 team league, possibly. It all depends on how deep your league is, who's available in the waiver wire. And 10 team leagues. He's probably a guy who's gonna be more of a streaming option and and a replaceable player in 12, 14 team leagues. I can't I can't envision a scenario in a 12 team league where I would drop Tillman right now. Yeah. We have Well, I can I can envision one scenario, which is when Santi comes back? Yes. How much playing time and usage will Aldama get versus Tillman? That'll be interesting to see. I I honestly, I don't know. I need to see what they decide. But, Santee got a lot of starts last year when Adams was out. He did. Yeah. In our in our 16 team state league, we had I don't know what what the we have fab on the waiver wire. I think the person who grabbed Tillman might have dumped 90 of the 100 fab in the Tillman. It was an aggressive week. Well, I've never seen anything like that. Jalen Johnson as well went for I put I put in, like, a $30 bid for Tillman, and I was, like, sweating about it. So Since since we brought it up, it was former Amigo DJ trainer, blowing 90% of his fab money before opening night on Xavier Tillman. And did I want to screenshot that 14 minute, o for 4 night box score? I did. But DJ is on vacation, so I didn't bother him. Well, gentlemen, thank you for that fabulous DFS advice. Alex, tell us about our good friends at Rival Fantasy. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Byrd, Barkley versus McHale, Tillman versus DJ's fab budget. There you go. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries. And make the game more fun, give fans storylines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court, come up in conversation. Now every player match up and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rotawire now and get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now before the 2023, 24 season tips off. It is time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy, see you in the arena. That's join rival.com/rotawire to get a $200 deposit match. Alright, Ken. It's time for the old man rant. Argh. Why are Kardashians still a thing? I hate reality TV and prefer my old man bubble of basketball and bourbon. So it disturbed me when I read on ESPN that Kim Kardashian Skims are now the official underwear of the NBA. What? What does Kim know about basketball underwear? I mean, she's seen them on the floor, but never worn them on the court. Right? They're really comfy. Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but you will not see Kardashian underwear on this body. Argh. You just you that's that's your Christmas present, Ken, just so you know. Do you see do you do you see how many people left the chat after you announced that you would not be showing your underwear on live YouTube? We're like, oh, that's why I was here for 1 thing. For a tough comp. Right now, I'm wearing your standard classic lands and old man boxer shorts because they're, of the bigger bubble in the back. Don't play basketball in those. Do not play bat everything flies all all over the place. Thank you, everybody, for joining us in the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball Podcast. And apologies to our sponsors, underdog, vivid seats, and rival fantasy. And take us out of here. Let's go to Houston where coach Ime Udoka said this about guarding Wimayana. Quote, we were good on the last game. We have some guys that sat out. They'll get a chance to guard him as well, so we're really not concerned with them. The Spurs won an overtime and Wimby had 21 points, 12 boards with 3 blocks. Attention passengers, this 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line. Alex, clearly