It's Wednesday morning. Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz here with you. You're listening to the Rodewire Fantasy Basketball Pod. We're here with you every Wednesday morning around 10:30 AM EST. Brandon, another kind of weird week at the NBA. We had the holiday on Monday. Obviously, the NBA does not take MLK Day off. If anything, they they load up. So we've had a busy week already coming off of a a relatively light Tuesday night slate. Only 3 games last night, but they're pretty good ones. Right? We saw Phoenix, you know, mount a huge comeback to to beat the Sacramento Kings. Kevin Durant hitting a pair of free throws with just over a second left to seal that. I was watching OKC and the Clippers late last night. Super fun game. Paul George completely took over in the last 5 minutes to Will LA to a 128, 117 win. And we got the Jokic Embiid showdown in Philly last night. 126, 121, was the victory for the 70 sixers. 41 and 10 for Joel O'Bie. Did you catch any of the Jokicipiid showdown? I did. I was on the it it was it was one of those where as a you have the sports fan side of your brain and interest, and you have the sports betting side, Far more intrigued of the storyline of of matching up big man MVPs in Philadelphia and Denver. But I was on the sun's minus 4a half last night, so I I found myself gravitating towards sun's kings. And that's the disgusting thing about sports betting is that it it takes you away sometimes from what the main storyline is. But both games were tremendous. Joel Embiid, I don't think he knows how to score less than 40 points at this point. That was a heroic effort and something that it wasn't even like he's just, like, getting these easy buckets around the rim being the the massive body that he is. His mid range game is virtually unstoppable. So the it was, both games were a joy to watch in their own right even though I lost my bet. Yeah. We were talking on the rotor wire NBA show, which you can hear on SiriusXM NBA every evening from 6 to 6:30 central about the the points plus rebounds prop for NBA. I wanna say it was only 44a half. And, like, that's Joel Embiid cares so much more about this game against Jokic than Jokic does, on the other side of things. Like, I you absolutely know Embiid is going to bring it in that spot and and certainly did. I mean, the fact that this was a close game, it was a high scoring game, that certainly helped. I mean, Embiid played 39 minutes. This was 78. I I believe it was tied. Yeah. 78, 78 at the half. That's more points than the blazers scored in an entire game last week. Yes. Very, very true. And, Well, best in the blazers, but nonetheless. Well, I mean, you know, it's a tough sledding for them these days. Yeah. You still had a ho 25/19 effort from Nikola Jokic, so it's not like he was, he was bad, by any means, but this team's not nearly as good away from the house as they are at Denver. And then, yeah, then you had that that sun's comeback that really spurred by Durant played great. Grayson Allen was a monster last night. The guy had, like, 7 threes by halftime. I was watching through the king's stream, and and they just they could not stop glowing about Grayson Allen and the Kings' inability to stop him around the perimeter. The Kings led that game by 18 points midway through the quarter, you know, with, like, 5 minutes left. This looked like it was completely sewn up. And, you know, the Suns closed strong, in the 3rd end up outscoring Sacramento 35 to 21 in the final period. And you mentioned it at Grayson Allen, 9 of 14 from 3 on the night. KD, he hit 4 threes on his way to 27 points. Good night, for Bradley Beal as well. Only ended up with 13, but, started to feel his effects a little bit more for this Suns team. You know, kinda offset what what was a below average night for Devin Booker scoring wise, just 16 points on 14 shots, but did have 11 assists. I mean, Phoenix now, you know, 22 and 18, I I still don't know if this is a team that's going to show us what we want to see from them in the regular season. They have won 3 straight. Those will come over the Lakers, the Blazers, and Sacramento. They are at the Pelicans on Friday, which should be a pretty good test. After that, Indy, Chicago, Dallas, Indy. You know, I I'm I'm certainly not punting on the Suns. I know when they they went through that that rougher patch, like, around Christmas, you know, we were starting to talk about, man, what's the ultimate upside of this team? I I still think they're gonna be really good. I don't know that I would take them, you know, over a team like Denver. I I think, you know, Phoenix, the Lakers, Golden State, those teams to me are are still kind of in a similar basket, although I I'm starting to worry about the warriors, Brandon. You know, especially and we'll get into this later. You know, I you laughed at me when I said that at this after game 1 of the season. I just wanna point that out. Okay. Okay. Game game 1 of the season. Yes. I I did not foresee Draymond Green being suspended twice. Klay Thompson falling off a cliff. You know, Trace Jackson Davis becoming their starting center. We'll we'll talk about the the speculative I want you to know that. Alright. Keep it Alright. That's that's kind of a scary thought for me. But we'll we'll talk about the Pascal Siakam, you know, rumored potential trade to Indiana. I think that was the one thing where it's like if the lakers could turn you know, if they could do that deal with or without Kuminga, obviously, you prefer to keep him. I think you probably have to put him in that deal unless you've given up, you know, big time draft capital. You know, I I think adding to that team, does it make them the title favorite? No. Definitely not. Does it push them at least into that conversation? Perhaps. But I think it at least would bring them into the playing zone into, you know, maybe the the the push for the 5, 6, 7 seed and the Western Conference. And if Pascal Siakam ends up in Indiana, you know, we could talk about what that means for the Pacers, but I I think that would be that would be kinda taking the number one trade target off the table for the warriors. And I don't I don't know where you turn there. I mean, there there are some secondary options, but I I think Siakam to me is probably the biggest impact player who could be available. Like, I would I would much rather, you know, give up 2 or 3 first rounders and and a couple role players for Siakam than I would Zach LaVine. Yeah. And I think if you're looking at it from the, from the Raptors perspective, whose picks would you rather have? Honestly, I I think I'd rather have Golden States because if the trade didn't work out, this team is really struggling to keep up in the Western Conference right now. And and and so that's I think that that's a factor here when you look at it from the Raptors side. Who would you rather have Bruce Brown was the speculated piece, the the big piece to come over from Indiana. I'd rather take my chances on Jonathan Kuminga. I do think it would help the Golden State Warriors tremendously. Do I, all of a sudden, think they're title contenders? No. I still like all those teams that are bunched up at the top in the west a little bit better, and then you have teams that haven't quite put it all together like the Dallas Mavericks, the Kings, the the Suns that I would still like better than where Golden State is right now, but that definitely pushes Golden State into the playoffs assuming they don't deal with a major blow injury wise. So that should definitely be something the Golden State Warriors are pushing hard to do, but this Indiana stuff, Shams is reporting it, seems to have a lot of steam, and that's the team that's sitting in the 6th spot right now in the east that plays no defense whatsoever. Pascal Siakam could help in that regard. So before we dive in on on what that could look like, because I I think it's a fun conversation to have, even though that trade does not happen, like you said, when it gets to the point where we get the shams tweet, we get the full article at The Athletic with it, you know, that that means that talks are pretty serious. So I I think we we could be heading, know, toward a trade being finalized in the next week or so. But, again, it's, you know, somewhat speculation at this point. Talk about Golden State and and, you know, with the assets that they have to potentially trade, I I I forgot that they owe their 1st round pick to Portland this season. It's top 4 protected. So, you know, in all likelihood, barring a, you know, complete fall off by the warriors or a disaster at lottery night, that will convey this season. Like, you know, they can hand over anywhere from, like, the 10th to 15th pick right now to Portland. If it were not to convey this year, if that did land in the top 4, it's only top one protected in 2025, and then it would become unprotected in 2026. And if my memory serves me correctly, Brandon, I believe that trade dates all the way back to the Andre Iguodala Memphis deal in 2019. Wow. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. And that that that that has changed hands a couple times since then. You and usually with the contenders, that is the case. That is something that we should have taken I should have taken into consideration when talking about potential 1st round picks on the move. When you're dealing with teams like the Golden State Warriors and the, Boston Celtics or or LA Lakers, these teams are trading 1st round picks. They do not care about that. They are trying to stay heavily in contention, and those 1st round picks at the back end of the first round are essentially trade chips and not real assets to building a roster. Well, it's also sad because, you know, at the time, you're thinking 2024. Like, who who knows? Maybe the league won't even exist at that point. Like, that's so far in the future. We'll be in a bubble. Curry will probably be retired at that point. It's like, no. No. 2024 has has arrived quickly. I mean, I know I I think they they sent a 2030 pick to Washington as as part of the Jordan Poole deal. That was another one where it's like, alright. Yeah. Remind me in 5 years. And before we know it, that one will be conveying as well. But let's let's talk about the Siakam, you know, potential addition for the Indiana Pacers. And by the way, as we always do, guys, if you're if you're new, if you're watching along live, throw some questions in the stream. We'll hit those over the second half of the podcast. We'll get to as many as we can, if not all of them. So continue to throw those questions in there. We see them, we acknowledge them, and we will answer them before we head out. So on Siakam, you know, the the rumor deal would basically be, you know, 3 first round picks according to Shams. You know, there are some, some, you know, reporting that Bruce Brown would likely be included for salary purposes. Fantasy wise, we'll start with that aspect of it. I think this would be ideal for Pascal Siakam. Right? You know, I think Siakam landed in Golden State. That wouldn't be a disaster, but, you know, I I think Golden State plays such a unique brand of basketball. I think there could be a learning curve. You know, it's like, how does he fit in? Is he the true second option? Is is there, you know, kind of a a reference, a a deference to Klay Thompson, you know, who's still kinda trying to cling to that title? I think Siakam Landing and Indy would be so perfect for Fantasy. Not only do they put up a ton of points, they allow a ton of points, they play close games, they play at a fast pace, and, you know, they have Tyrese Halbert, who's obviously their number one guy, but, you know, he's a high usage player in terms of what he does for other players. Like, he he could score when he needs to, but I I think Pascal Siakam in Indy would almost be a code number 1 as opposed to to sliding in as a number 2 or a number 3 elsewhere. And, you know, some of these other destinations like Dallas, Sacramento, they've been on the list. It's like if you were to go to one of those teams, like, to me, he's a pretty clear number 3, and I think it could actually be downgrade for him. Whereas if he lands in Indy, if this trade goes through, I I think I'm upgrading Pascal Siakam's fantasy value. I would I don't think it's that different from where he is right now, but it's definitely a tick. If anything, it's a tick up with Indiana, and you nailed it. It's the distribution that is created by Tyrese Halliburton. Steph Curry is one of the best point guards ever, but it's because of what he does from the 3 point line. Klay Thompson is a diminished version of himself, but still one of the best shooting guards of all time because of what he does from the 3 point line, not because of he's getting forwards involved. So that you worry about, With Dallas, obviously, the ball sticks to Kyrie and Luka Doncic, and so where are the opportunities? The the Pacers play to breakneck speed. You figure his usage will stay high because of the hierarchy within that offense. I think it would completely take the value, obviously, of a Jalen Smith, of an Obi Toppin just based on the way the rotations would go. On the Raptors side, you figure more of the scoring load falls on Scottie Barnes. Things start to open up for Jalen McDaniels. We had a question about him on last week's episode, that you and I did. So, I think things not only are they better for Pascal Siakam with the trade to Indiana, they clear things up pretty easily for, the Toronto side as well. Yeah. I I think there'd be a lot to be excited about there. And, you know, if it if it would just be Bruce Brown as the the lone, like, you know, real impact player heading to Toronto, you know, I that that to me doesn't really move the needle a ton. I I think it would be it would be a boost for the guys who are already there. Right? I mean, that just that kinda adds more for Scottie Barnes. It adds more for Immanuel Quickley. And, you know, maybe maybe opens up, you know, a little more space for for some of the depth pieces that the Raptors have. And I I think would also signal somewhat of a reboot. I wouldn't say rebuild because you have enough pieces here where you're not you're not gonna completely bottom out. But, you know, the other part of this, of course, and, you know, as as Don Sicario in the chat points out, he says, as a Raptors fan, I'd rather they extend Siakam, they get a bad deal, and trade him down the line. Totally understand that perspective. I I think if you're getting 3 first rounders, that's pretty good. You know, we'll see what the protections are on those. Although, know, you forecast, like, what do the Pacers look like over the next 3 to 4 years? They're probably at worst, a league average team at the absolute worst. Yeah. Those those picks are likely conveying in the in the the early twenties, you would imagine. So it's it's you know, you're not looking at some sort of treasure trove, you know, net Celtics, Gerald Wallace type of deal here. But I think that might just be the market for an expiring player in in Siakam. And then if you're indie, you know, are are are you comfortable extending Pascal Siakam? Because if you're giving up 3 1st round picks form, it's not a rental. Like, that's that's part of the deal. He turns 30 in a couple of months. I I would be fine with that. I mean, we we continue to see a ton of players play well into their mid thirties. I think that's something yeah. I was talking to, I forget who it was on the on the NBA show last night. You know, I I I think part of the reason the league is so deep right now with overall talent is, obviously, we have a ton of great young players, but the old guard has not really phased out. Right? Like, the guys who were running the league 10 years ago are still extremely relevant, if not still running the league. Right? Like, I I I think you go back a decade and, you know, guys who were, you know, running the league in the early 2000, they were starting to fade out by the time they hit 33, 34, 35. Whereas, Curry, Durant, LeBron, Harden, you know, you you could even throw, like, Paul George, Kawhi in in that camp. Like, all these guys are still playing at at a high level. So roundabout way of saying, you know, if you're giving Pascal Siakam a a 3 plus one type of deal, like, I I think that's fine. I I don't think he's gonna fall off a cliff when he's 33. So the where I would say I understand where the the the fan that chimed in their trepidation with a deal like this. How many teams can we look at? And I'm not asking this question, rhetorically. I I really would love to know the answer. How many teams that are really good right now have been built up because of a trade that they made where they collected a slew of 1st drum picks? Is is there a sample of that in the NBA? Because we see this type of deal all the time. But if there's no example of it paying off, what is it really worth? Because we all know this is not like the NFL. You trade for 3 first round picks in the NFL, you are stealing. In the NBA, it doesn't always work like that. It can. I would just I would love to know what what teams is it the Thunder? Like, who do we look at in the you've had all the picks. 1. And, you know, with the Thunder, you know, most for the most part, those are their own picks that they've hit on. Right? You know, it's it's not like they like, the Chet Holmgren pick wasn't theirs in you know, obviously, SGA is is their primary piece, and they they got him as part of one of those trades where they also got a bunch of draft picks. But it's not like they they they inherited that pick and then 3 years later took him. So no. I think that's a very good point. I I think way more often than not, these picks end up falling in the middle to bottom third of the draft. And unlike the NFL where you still get, you know, big time impact players in the late 1st round, in the 2nd, and the 3rd round in the NBA or in the NFL, in the NBA, if those picks fall outside of the lottery, I mean, good luck. Like, we we've seen teams do it. You know, obviously, you know, you got you you your diamonds in the rough every year, but it becomes exponentially harder if those picks are falling in the twenties as opposed to falling in the top 5. And, again, I don't see I don't see India as a team that's that's gonna be bottoming out anytime soon barring bad injury luck that could strike anybody. Yeah. And the 1st round picks, of course, you're not gonna end up using all of them if you trade for a bunch. But it it it and this is where OKC has Yeah. And they're still sitting on a bank of it. You use it as currency. Right. But at some point as a fan, like, that's great if we're on a podcast with a general manager, and they would sell us on why they love collecting picks so much. But as a fan, what does that really do for you? You're looking for your team to get better as quickly as possible without, you know, flash frying it to where you impact your team negatively down the road for 5 years. That's how fans think. So it's hard to wrap your head around trading a really good player that is highly valuable in Pascal Siakam so that you can sit on 1st round picks for a couple of years. I think that's really tough for fans to grapple with. Alright. I wanna talk about the Jazz, and I wanna talk about the Grizzlies before we start hitting some questions in the chat. But first, we got a message from our friends at FanDuel. Tackle 1,000,000 in prizes, all playoffs long in FanDuel Fantasy Contest. If you're new to Fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit batch up to a $100. Playing Fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel is fun. It's exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. I play on FanDuel every week. Got some private contests going on with some friends. Every now and then, I'll I'll throw down in one of the big contests, but just add so much, especially this time of year, you know, when fantasy is basically over. You know, some people are in playoff leagues, but now is the time where when you could really dive in on DFS and some of the pickup contests out there. Love doing that on FanDuel. Plus, on FanDuel, you could choose full slate contests featuring multiple games, single game contests, season long best ball, beginner only contests. Those are fantastic. If you're just learning the ropes for DFS, they got a whole basically, any contest that you wanna find, you can dig up on FanDuel, and when you win, you get paid instantly. Not talking one of those deals where 2 weeks later, you know, there's some sort of hold and then the money shows up in your account. You get it as soon as the contest is officially over. Kick off the NFL playoffs with a 100% deposit match up to a $100. Go to FanDuel.com to start playing for huge cash prizes today. Again, that is FanDuel.com, or just go download the app. We're also brought to you by Underdog. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried Underdog, new users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 plus a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire. All you gotta do is use our code r w m b a. That's r w m b a. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app and use that code RW NBA. That'll get you a free 6 month subscription to Rotowire. Everything on our site, not just basketball, not just football. If you're a baseball guy, you can get our draft kit, and you also get that deposit bonus up to a $100, which is essentially free money. So go take advantage of that. Again, underdogfantasy.com or go check out their app. Alright. Let's talk some Grizzlies. I can't remember a team having worse injury luck than this, Brandon. This is getting completely out of hand, and it it it started with Steven Adams. You know, right before the season, we find out, oh, he's actually not back. He's going to miss the entire year, and it is completely snowballed from there. I mean, they're basically down to Jaren Jackson as, like, the, you know, the the lone key guy in this rotation. Over the course of, like, 5 days, you know, Ja Morant out for the season. Marcus Smart out several weeks. Desmond Bane out several weeks. And, you know, obviously, it's been a disaster. I think the grizzlies cannot salvage their season at this point. I I think they are a total cross off for me, and, you know, we'll we'll see where where they end up, you know, in the 2024 draft. I think that's kind of the only way you can approach this. Fantasy wise, it becomes very interesting. We can talk about the Jared Jackson side of this in a moment. I'm looking on Yahoo right now, the most added players in the last 24 hours. Far and away, 2 Memphis Grizzlies, Gigi Jackson and Vince Williams. Yeah. And, I mean, I would not overlook a guy like Luke Kennard. I don't know how heavily rostered he is at this point, but, David Roddy is gonna play significant minutes here too. I think you're just sort of taking, you're you're taking, an educated guess as to who is gonna really be the consistent contributor, but it's worth taking a plunge on some of these guys because of all of the minutes that have now opened up with these injuries. And you're right. This team at 1525, they are in no man's land right now. They can't compete with the Pistons, Hornets, Wizards, and Spurs for the most lottery balls because those teams are so far behind. You most can't even catch them in traveling backwards, and they're not going anywhere with the roster they have. So they're sort of stuck in this, like, top of the top of the bottom quarter of the NBA, but those are all guys that you should be targeting if you've got the roster space. They have a 4 game week next week. They have a 4 game week the week after, and then a 3 game week, which ends up being a it's a pretty light week overall. We're talking the first, you know, full week in February. So, you know, the vast majority of the league is on a 3 game week at that point. So the schedule, for the most part, works in their favor. You know, I obviously, Jackson has had back to back really nice games. Gigi Jackson, that is. I I think they'll they'll give them more opportunity. Right? I mean, most of these guys that we talked about are not coming back anytime soon. Jake LaRavia, you know, one of their picks from last year, he's out as well. That opens up a little bit more opportunity. So I'm I'm very intrigued by by Gigi Jackson. He's from South Carolina, 2nd rounder in 2023. Really was, you know, bouncing back and forth. He's on a two way. He was in the g league for for most of the early part of the season. Really had not been in the rotation at all before that Knicks game over the weekend, but 20.6 boards and a block, in their loss to the Knicks and then 23.6 rebounds, 2 steals, 2 blocks in their win over Golden State on MLK Day. So I'm very intrigued there, and, you know, I I have no issue whatsoever adding Jackson or Vince Williams. Like you said, Kennard, he's rostered in 25% of leagues right now. That seems a little bit low. You know? I'm, obviously, in a points league, I really have no interest in him. I mean, he is a he's a 3 pointer specialist, but, you know, as bad as the grizzlies will likely be for the next couple of months, there there will be points to be had. And, I I think he's worth adding if you're in a 14 or a 16 team league for sure. Yeah. And, Gigi Jackson, for those that look at the the 23 points off the bench that he had in that last game, it it didn't stop there. 2 steals and 2 blocks. Right. A lot to ask for night to night, but like we've said, this has now opened up opportunities for guys on the roster, and this is how 2nd round picks get discovered in the NBA because the minutes just would not have been there if this team were fully stocked and healthy. So the 3 point shooting will keep him active, and and a contributor for the Memphis Grizzlies. And then if you can get those defensive stats on top of it, absolute win. So I, might need to go buy me some Gigi Jackson stock when we hop off the pod. That's, definitely somebody worth looking at. I I grabbed him in a couple of daily leagues. You know, my my my my 2, like, highest dollar leagues, the NFBKC and and the Stake League, you know, our our ESPN, you know, waivers run Sunday night situation. So I'll we'll keep you posted on Monday when I'm back with Alex Barutha for what those guys go for. I think this this is a a gonna be a fascinating fab bid because, you know, both of these guys are relatively unknown. They don't really have name value. I I think it's gonna be super interesting to see, you know, how much people are willing to pony up, but there there could be rest of season value here because I I know, you know, Bain, Smart, those guys should be back at some point. I'm not saying they're gonna shut them down. I I I think they will play again, but, I mean, how many games do they play? Do they come back and, you know, play 5 to 10 games and all of a sudden, you know, we're we're in March and and Memphis starts, you looking at the lottery and and wanted to to try to get, you know, as many ping pong balls as they can. We've seen this before from teams in this situation. The other side of this is Jaren Jackson, who is the the lone, you know, big name healthy grizzly these days. I have him in a bunch of leagues. I have him in the steak league. I could have traded him. I was offered Jalen Duran and Bruce Brown. I I I had to turn it down. I I didn't I didn't love it. I mean, obviously, Duran is fantastic for a few categories, but doing okay in rebounds. So that one was was a a little unappealing, but I I thought it was a fair fair request at the time. I I am very worried about his efficiency going forward. You know? I think the the performance that we saw against the warriors, unfortunately, is is emblematic of a lot of the games we saw from him early in the season when he was kind of the lone healthy grizzly. 4 of 20 from the field, 3 of 14 from 3. Like, I absolutely love Jared Jackson, but we've said it a bunch on this pod. He needs he needs the infrastructure around him to be the player that he hits. You do not want Jared Jackson being your number one option. You know, somebody who's creating his own shots. He has no business taking 14 3 pointers in a game. So I I do think, you know, there's going to be an uptick in raw scoring. I I think the defensive stats should sustain relatively speaking. It's been a disappointment compared to last year. I am very much worried about what he's going to do to my field goal percentage category. Yeah. As you should be. And I I think it is, of the many things that I hope we've been spot on for you guys throughout the duration of this podcast as we now dip into 2024, I I think this is the note that we have hit the most accurately throughout the course of the season. How just how much Jaren Jackson Junior's offensive game and his offensive efficiency as you've put it really relies on the presence of of Ja Morant. What Ja Morant opens up for him in terms of taking that pressure off the way he sets up Jaren Jackson, the pick and roll game. It's a 2 man game they play out there, and without the head of the snake, Jaren Jackson junior is just left out there to die, so to speak. 41% shooting over the last 10 games. Look at the last 2. Scored 18 points in 21, so it looks good. Raw stats are like, okay. I can do that. 20% and 30% from the field. That is atrocious, especially for a guy as big as he is. I I just don't see this ending well if, if you're in a league that relies on shooting percentages. Yeah. In the very small sample of games that he's played with Ja Morant this season, he's shooting 51% from the field. He's shooting 43% without Ja Morant. You know? It's it's it's a noticeable drop off. It was immediate. Right? Like, as soon as Ja came back, you you kinda saw a change in in in Jaren Jackson's game. I think he was able to focus a little bit more on the defensive stats. The block started to come around. And, you know, I I think it's we're kind of back to to early season Jaren Jackson now, and and I think the defensive stats might be a little bit spottier. Still going to have those explosive performances, but I think to me, a lot of those are are going to be matchup based. You know, I think they're going to run into a lot of opponents who can handle Jaren Jackson. You're not really worried about anybody else on this roster. So I would look into offloading him. I wouldn't I wouldn't take like a, you know, take a massive loss on this one. But if you could get a fair deal, I think now's, you know, the sooner the better as far as trying to offload him. Let's talk some jazz quick, then we'll start hitting, we'll start hitting questions in the chat. Utah, 154 in their last 19 games. You know, when I was looking through some of the future draft pick, you know, transactions right now, Brandon, they owe their 1st round pick to OKC, and it is top 10 protected. So there's not you know, Utah has to either solidify their place at the bottom 10 or make sure they're out of the bottom 10 or you're handing over a pick, to the warriors. And I I think it would certainly be preferable, if you're Utah to to try to hold on to that. I'm looking at how it conveys you know, it's top ten protected next year as well and then top eight protected, the year after that. So pretty similar protections the next couple of years. Utah has been on a complete surge. I mean, they are they've completely flipped the narrative on their season. Obviously, Lauren Barkentin has been a big part of that. They're up to the 9th spot in the Western Conference, a game behind Phoenix, just 2 and a half behind the Pelicans for the 6th seed in the west. My question to you, Brandon, is this in any way sustainable? I wanna say yes, because I think this jazz team when they're good is really fun, and they'll be they'll be slept on for another month. So some, some opportunities in the betting market for sure, which I, I love to partake in. My issue is they did this to us last year. They did it earlier last year. They were one of the hottest teams right out of the gate, and they looked like they could not be beat. And right now, it looks like the Jazz may never lose again. They they've won 9 of their last 10 games. They've won 6 in a row. I I fear the pessimistic side of me says, maybe this is just who they are with the collection of talent they have, Markkanen, Sexton, Jordan Clarkson being the core 3 right now where they can run really hot, and then they're gonna tail off. Right now, they're running really hot. I I wanna buy into it, but I'm a little bit scarred from what I saw last year at the start of the season. So I I'm gonna say no. It's not sustainable, but that's also an easy thing to say when they're not losing right now because this this isn't quite who they are. Alright. Let's start hitting questions in the chat. Keep throwing those in there. We will go in chronological order as we always do, and we start with an Anthony Simons question. Our question asker says, I would like to trade away Anthony Simons. Who can I realistically target, maybe package him with one of Duncan Robinson, Dante DiVincenzo, Anyaka Okungwu, or Alex Caruso? Yeah. I think those are all fair attachments. All have value in their own way. And, yeah, Simon is an interesting one. I mean, he's been kinda all over the map. You know, when he first came back, he was super hot right out of the gate. You know, bat missed a few games with the illness. Hasn't really looked quite the same since then. He had that big game against Brooklyn a couple of weeks ago, you know, played well against Phoenix in their last game, over the weekend, but it has mixed in some pretty pretty ugly shooting performances. He's got a 5 of 16, a 1 of 8, over 10 against Minnesota, you know, 5 days ago. So I I I understand wanting to offload Anthony Simons. I wouldn't worry a ton necessarily about him, you know, being a a load management candidate down the stretch. I think Portland's not gonna have trouble losing any games with him in the lineup. But if you are looking to deal Anthony Simons, do do any names come to mind, Brandon? I I will say I would wait for him to to have, like, 2 good games back to back and then try to do it because right now, you know, anybody paying attention is gonna be like, yeah. I I don't know if I wanna play, you know, full price for Simons, you know, the way he's played over the last 2 weeks. So I, this would not be the time to do it because you'd be buying sky high, but I think I might have I might rather have Grayson Allen right now. Oh. I, is that is that are we taking too deep of a plunge there? I I mean, if he's if he's giving you 9 threes a game, no, but, I mean, that's he's played well. I'll give him that, but I don't know if he's well. It hasn't been just one that one game was, maybe his best, but, he he's been really good. I think you could probably get multiple players, especially if you wait, like Nick said, after a good performance from Anthony Simons because when he's at his best, he's a he's a stat monster. He's a scoring machine. Jaime Haquez, if he continues to get opportunities in Miami, this guy's playing, like obviously, he's not gonna win rookie of the year because of the rookies that he's going up against, Wimby and Chet Holmgren, but he's in most years, he's playing like a guy that could be part of that conversation. I think you could get him and something else, and maybe you beef up your roster that way. Just a couple of I'm just trying to creatively think of how you can do this. It's really hard to offload blazers players with how bad that team is, especially given that at any point when you try and pull this off, their team could score 77 on you. Yeah. It's sometimes that can be hard. Yeah. I mean, a couple names that come to mind for me, maybe like Austin Reeves, Devin Vassell, you know, Collin Sexton has been a much better fantasy player, over the last couple weeks and certainly over the last month Dan Simons. So, yeah, I I think Simons has name value. He's he's going still going to give you, you know, plenty of boom performances over the rest of the year. So I I don't think you're gonna have to take a major loss here. But, again, I understand the motivation. I think, you know, the highest you can aim would be like a, you know, Tobias Harris, CJ McCollum, something like that. Zach LaVine, you know, is a player a lot of people are down on, but especially if you're willing to, you know, to add one of those role guys to the package, I I don't think you have to settle, you know, for for, like, a a true role player. Like, you should be able to get something of of pretty decent value. You could end up targeting like, if you really think Pascal Siakam or finding somebody else that you think is about to get traded and then trade for a player that's on that same roster, so trade for a raptor whose value is going to increase in the next week or so, could be a route to go. Thoughts on Keegan Murray and D'Angelo Russell asks our friend, Alec. I'm not a Russell guy. I just I I absolutely hate watching him. He's got a new got new hair going on as well, which was a little bit jarring. He's he's played a little bit better, over the last few games. I mean, he went through that stretch where he just kinda bottomed out in mid December. They ended up benching him. He's been back in the lineup, over the last 2 games, the starting lineup that is. He's averaging 19.6 assists over his last 5 games. He's given you, you know, pretty high volume threes. And when I say I don't like him, I mean more in real life than in fantasy. So I don't I don't know. I mean, in general, I don't know if you're asking if you should trade for him or, you know, what the rest of season value looks like. I I think he'll, you know, kinda hover around being a a top 100 player, you know, with the upside to to climb closer to the top 75. And then, you know, Keegan Murray, points, threes, occasional defensive stats, decent rebounder, you know, for his position, kind of swings between the 4 and the 5 for them. You know, the free throw percentage has been a little disappointing, although he doesn't take take enough, and it really matters all that much. Yeah. I'm I'm I play mostly in category leagues, and and, obviously, he's somebody that I'm I'm just targeting for threes. Yeah. And, and he hits them at a pretty high clip, 42% over his last 10. Murray's a career 39% 3 point shooter. So, Keegan is someone that I really like. Real life wise and fantasy wise, the Kings need him to play the brand of basketball that they wanna play. I think he's played really well as of late, a 32 point outing just about 8 days ago. So you gotta love you love to see that. D'Angelo Russell is so erratic. I hate guys like that in fantasy basketball that that just drive me crazy. I never know what I'm gonna get. Alright. We'll go rapid fire through some of these. Sean says, have to drop 1 in a 10 team head to head category league. Suggs, Herb Jones, Grayson Allen, or Tyus Jones? Well, I've hitched my wagon to Grayson Allen, so I can't say him. You you better not be dropping Grayson Allen. If I just traded him just traded Anthony Simons for him. I I like Herb Jones. I'm not I I think I would drop Tyus Jones. That's No. No. No. I don't know if I would right now. I we It would be one of the Joneses. I'm not dropping Suggs after a tough road a stint. The guy is much better at home. Okay. Last 15 games for Tyce Jones, 15 points, almost 7 assists, 1.4 steals. Percentages are are fantastic. Shooting almost 50% from 3. I mean, that'll come down at some point. I don't think I'm really looking to offload him right now. I I think I would go with Herb Jones. And, you know, he's somebody that I always like as, like, my final starter in in a in a 12 or a 14 team league. But, you know, we're starting to see more Larry Nance over the last couple of games. He's been one of the most added players this week, on Yahoo and across most formats. And, you know, with Herb Jones, they they just have a lot of mouths to feed. Right? If if Larry Nance is gonna play 20, 25 minutes and Trey Murphy is is back and healthy and Zion's healthy, it's just like I I I do think he's the guy that could kinda get squeezed in some ways, and he's always he's gonna continue to start. You know, I think he's a probably better real life player than fantasy player. He needs to be giving you either high volume threes and or high volume defensive stats, and and lately, that just hasn't really been the case. You know, he's been at 1.2 steals plus blocks combined over the last month. So I I think if we're going with that trend, I I'm gonna drop Herb Jones. Alright. Quick one here. Would you trade You have selected the right Jones. Would you trade Miles Bridges for Siakam right now? I would do it. I I I want Siakam, especially if I think he's landing in Indy. I like Siakam where he's at right now. I like him a little bit more if he's in Indianapolis, and I'll take my chances elsewhere. I like Siakam in that spot too. Yeah. Those guys are really comparable, but I I think Siakam potentially moving to Indy would would push it in his favor. Ant, a familiar name in the stream says, hey, fellas. I got Derek Lively, and his production feels so lackluster. Thoughts if you will ever be consistent this season. Great show. I appreciate the kind words. And Sure. Yeah. I I don't really have Derek Lively anywhere. So to be honest, I've yeah. Obviously, I've been paying attention, but I'm not, like, locked in on on his box scores every single night. And, you know, the the consistency, excuse me, especially scoring wise, you know, has been very up and down. You know, even the defensive production over the last month has not been nearly as consistent as it was. You know, in early December, he had a great run where he was giving you, like, multiple blocks, multiple steals, it felt like, every night. To answer your question, I would say, I don't know if he's gonna become consistent this year. I mean, he's ultimately a a young rookie. He's raw. You know, I I don't think anybody really knew what to expect, so I think you're just gonna have to live with the ups and downs. He has helped the, in the win loss column way more than a rookie should. Mhmm. So I think he falls into the bucket of better real life player than fantasy player. The way that he helps Luca in the pick and roll game, he's he can be the the rim running type of big that Luca is desperately needed, especially with his ability, that cross court passing, that that makes him so unique. So Derek Lively is a guy that I really like, really high on, but, yeah, the stats are not there. So it's hard to trust him in fantasy, and you'll have to excuse Nick's cough. He, was in negative 24 weather last night. How are you still alive? I live in Florida. I literally can't fathom what you are experiencing up there. This has this has been and I've lived in Wisconsin my entire life. I really think this has been the worst week of weather that we've ever had. Like, 14 inches of snow over this past weekend and then immediate drop down to to negatives for, like, 5 days in a row. I got I got scolded by the mailman yesterday. I happened to be outside warming my car up because you have to do that if you're gonna drive anywhere. You need to, like, let it sit for 10 minutes. And the mailman drove by and, like, yelled at me for not clearing enough snow around the mailbox. Like, it's it's an ice block, dude. Like, there's like, I would love to I would love to clear it. I there's literally nothing I could do. I would need, like, a like, an old school chisel, to go out there. But yeah. It's These are not conversations you have in Orlando, Florida. Yeah. I should also address, like, the room that I'm in. I have the background blurred. As you can see, my my hands are blurring. This is the one room, and I I just moved into a new house. My the one room that has, like, horrendous wallpaper is the office room, and it's, like, half torn down. So if I didn't blur it, it would look even worse, and I know it looks bad as is. So I just want to wanna be upfront about that. We'll have a better setup, hopefully, by the time we're we're back on the pod next week. Anyway, we got questions to run through here. Talked about a few of these guys already. Would you drop Jalen Suggs or Trey Murphy for Derek Lively? I'll let you speak on Suggs. He he's been terrible the last 3 games. Yeah. I I don't know. Is that a trend, or is that just a bad road trip? It's a road trip. Jalen Suggs is the prototypical role player who is dynamite at home, and it's completely lost if out on the road too long. So I am not looking at Jalen Suggs saying, oh, this guy's fallen off. Watch this team come back home on Friday against Philadelphia. He'll be right back to the guy that you fell in love with on your fantasy roster. These are the ebbs and flows of the Suggs season. So if that's my that's my take on on Jalen, pretty confident that's the way this is gonna play out. But I think it comes down to your roster. What do you need? If you need the the position, that Derek Lively is filling for you, then, yeah, that's a move that you're gonna have to make. But I would not look at Jalen Suggs production as of the last 3 games and say that he's just fallen off. It's just a road trip blip. Yeah. I think I think dropping either of those guys for Lively is defensible as if you need help at center or for you Yeah. You badly need rebounds, you need you need blocks. Like, yeah, that's totally fine, especially in a 10 team league, if that's what this is. I would I think I would, in a vacuum, prefer Suggs and Murphy over Lively. But, again, if you need rebounds to blocks, then then probably go ahead and and really drop either of those guys. I think they're pretty comparable. Murphy, of course, a little more reliable for the volume threes. Skeeter asked, is J Dub a sell high or a hold? Talking Jalen Williams from the Thunder. I he's a hold for me. He's one of my favorite players, man. I I absolutely love watching him. I mean, even last night, you know, in that Clippers game, I get some huge buckets to to keep them close. Like, he's just wildly confident. Obviously, a guy who, you know, went the late lottery last year. A lot of people knew a ton about him unless you're a big college basketball junkie, but I don't I don't think he's gonna drop off anytime soon. I mean, he's basically he's met this guy since early last season. Like, he's just super, super consistent, shoots a good percentage. For a guy who takes some tough shots, I I wouldn't really be looking to sell high. I I think he can sustain. Yeah. This, this Oklahoma City Thunder team is for real. They've turned a corner, and we know what we're getting out of SGA. He is the straw that serves the drink, but you're not gonna get there with one great player. We've got a number of teams with the all star caliber player that are nowhere near as good as, the Thunder are. And I say all of that to say that Jalen Williams is the kind of player with the with the the way that he has come into his own in the NBA in a very short period of time is the reason why this team is taking a leap the way that they are. Chet Holmgren, the instant impact they're getting from him in year 1. That's part of the reason. So these guys are absolute holds, 25 points in each of the last two games, and it's not like he's doing it in inefficiently, which I don't think anybody on that team does. I'm just blown away with what I've seen from OKC, and, and I don't see that I don't see that going away at any point in this season. Alright. We'll hit a few more before we head out. George says, I just traded away Jared Jackson and OG and Anobi for Paul George in a head to head 9 cat, 12 team league because I was scared of Memphis shutting him down and his inability to create his own shots. If you're listening to the pod, we completely agree with you on that. The question is, Brandon, did he overpay, or is this a good move? Slight overpay, but I think you're overpaying for good product, so I don't have an issue with it. Sometimes we overpay. I've got a pair of shoes in the garage. I know I paid too much, but I wear them every day, and they're super comfortable. So, you know, this is I think that's what you're getting with Paul George. You worry about some injuries, but, the Clippers are playing well right now. One of the best teams in the Western Conference, and and Paul George is as consistent and reliable when he's on the floor as anybody in the NBA. Hopefully, you got him in your lineup last night because he had his best game of the year. He was fantastic. Just completely took over that game in the Q4. Yeah. I I think when you're trading for a top 20 guy, you're inherently going to overpay more often than not. So I I I think you're right. I think you slightly overpaid. But in this instance, when you're expecting know, if Jared Jackson falls off the way you think he will, then it won't be an overpay 2 months from now. So I I think you're okay there. Dennis says, do I drop quickly for Bruce Brown? I would say no. Yeah. I'd rather have quickly. Yeah. I think, you know, if Bruce Brown were to end up in Toronto, ironically, alongside Quickley, you know, maybe some more opportunity there, and he could get back to, you know, closer to the player he was last year. I just there's just not a ton of upside with Bruce Brown. It's like I I think a lot of things need to be in place for him. Like, the defensive stats have to be elite. Yeah. The the field goal percentage has to be really good because he's just not a high volume guy. And, you know, as quickly, you're gonna live with some more ups and downs, but I I would prefer the quickly side of that one. Manila most wanted says, thoughts on the Melton injury. Do I keep him or, consider dropping him? You know, Melton was great earlier in the season. The defensive staff, especially, have have been fantastic as they tend to be with him. I mean, he's always been over 1 steal per game guy even when he was playing, like, 18 minutes a game in Phoenix earlier in his career. You know, they're saying he's gonna miss at least one more week. If you're in a shallow league, you could probably drop him. I mean, we're ultimately talking about D'Anthony Melton. If you have an IR spot, maybe just wait it out for another week. Yeah. I mean, he's an 11 point per game guy. Give you a steal, but look at the injuries dealing with. Lumbar spine stress? That doesn't sound good. Yeah. I I I think you have to be comfortable dropping him, especially if you need somebody to fill that spot. Alright. Go quickly through a few more. Guilford says, Jaren Jackson for Chet, 12 team head to head league. I would take Chet every day No doubt. Especially right now. I think, you know, earlier in the season, like, even a week ago, that's that's a debate because Jaren Jackson was playing so well. For all the reasons we've talked about throughout this pod, I would I would much rather have Chet Holmgren. Joel says, should I trade away LeBron right now? If yes, what's the best value I could get for him? It's a conversation we've had all year. You're you're kinda waiting for the injury for LeBron. You know, the production has been fantastic. I mean, world's better than you'd ever expect from somebody his age. There's been a slight downturn lately. He ranks outside the top 25 in the last month, but I'd as long as he's healthy, you know, he's going to be an elite guy. It's just a matter of, you know, do you think he's going to remain healthy? If you're trading LeBron, I would I would try to get a, you know, more reliable, maybe slightly lower upside, you know, big name guy back. You know, do you flip him for someone like a Jamal Murray or Alperin Shangoon or, you know, you float out like a I don't know. Could you get Dame Lillard? I I I don't know. I mean, De'Aaron Fox ranks lower than him. He's been bad over the last month. Yeah. I I again, if you're if you're trading LeBron, I don't think you have to, but if you believe he's going to get hurt at some point as recent history would dictate, then don't don't don't, you know, feel like you have to take 80 on the dollar. I think you can still get somebody pretty good back. What about, what about a guy like Victor Wimbanyama? Go in the complete opposite direction age wise and what Wembie has been doing, is otherworldly. I think you could I think that's a trade you might be able to pull off. If I don't know why the Wembanyama manager would wanna do it. But Right. I mean, with Wembanyama, you I think there's still the lingering shutdown possibility. So they're you're incurring a decent amount of risk there, but, you know, I mean, Webinama, even though he's playing 24 minutes a night, it's still putting up elite numbers. I I don't mind at least throwing that offer out there. Yep. Sean says, another trade question. He was offered Drew Holiday and Terry Rozier for Trae Young. Would you take that offer? Ten team, 9 cat league. Oh, especially in a 10 team, I would take Trae Young. Yeah. I mean, I I just I think Rozier, you know, had a great great month and a half without LaMelo. I think that's gonna come back down to earth. You know, Drew, he's been fine. He ranks, you know, around, like, 75 on the year. Trae Young, I mean, we we we could we could quibble about, you know, the Hawks and and their lack of upside. He is still a big time elite ultra consistent fantasy option, top 15 guy. So I would I would not take that deal unless unless you really have depth issues and you, you know, you need to add somebody, but it you know, the 10 team league, that really be the case. I would I would hold Trey on. I'm with you on that. Yeah. Need more for your all stars. Alright. Another question. He says, this guy really wants my Jalen Johnson. He's open to trading Dejounte Murray. I assume that's Dejounte Murray. Could be Jamal Murray. Austin Reeves, Porzingis, Kessler, Lively, Harden, Avia, Giddey. He says, I have Duncan Robinson, Diemencenzo, Akangu, or Caruso to package with him. Yeah. I mean, it for what, it depends on who the Murray is. It could be Keegan Murray, I suppose. Could be Chris Murray, probably not. Could be Bill Murray, probably not. Could be Bill Murray. You know, I if you can get if you can get James Harden, you know, if it is Jamal Murray and you could get him, then sure. It would not be a Wednesday episode if Nick didn't spend a couple of minutes waxing poetic on, James Harden. Victory lapping on James Harden. No. I mean, again, if if if it's you have to give up, let's say, Jalen Johnson and Dante Divincenzo to get James Harden, I would a 100% do that. If if if this guy in your league is down to do that, I I would make that trade as much as I like jail Jalen Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. There's a couple of guys there that, that you can make that move for. It's hard it's hard for me to put all of this together at once, but, Jalen Johnson, I mean, I don't trust Porzingis, and I really need to know what Murray that is before I dive into that. Walker Kessler has been a little disappointing. Josh Giddey starting to turn it around. So we're gonna so if we're gonna throw all this love the way of the Oklahoma City thunder, not a bad option either. Alright. We'll hit a couple more, then we gotta go. Joe Juice says, do I drop Bain? I I I'm not usually a drop guy in these situations. And and by the way, it is Jamal Murray. We we have the we have identified the Murray. It is not DeMarco Murray. It is not Bill Murray. It is Jamal Murray. So, yeah, add him to the list of of potential targets there. I mean, jail Johnson's been great, so it's not like you have to deal him. But if if somebody's willing to overpay, you know, I think you should be able to capitalize. But back to Bain, I typically don't drop players in this situation. I will say I mostly play in leagues that have IR spots, so it's a little bit easier to to say. You know, I I'd be pretty surprised, like, if if he's dropped to my NFBKC league. If he is, I'm gonna pick him up and just hold him. And, hopefully, I you know, even if you get 15, 20 games at the end of the year, you know, you get a nice boost there. I know this is to me, this is not a long term enough injury quite yet where I'm worried about that. I would drop it now. You know, if it if we get 3 weeks from now and he's not making any progress and the reports are negative and Memphis loses 10 in a row, you know, then maybe you think about it, but I wouldn't do it right now. If you need the roster space, which is always the caveat, I think the answer is yes. It's a 6 week injury, and then maybe set an alert on your phone about 4 weeks from now and just try and pick them back up. See if if that if you're confident enough, you have to know the people that you're playing against. Are they if they're just gonna scoop him right up and you don't need to drop him, then don't do it. So I I always I always use that as my barometer. If I'm about to drop a player and they're gonna be scooped up immediately, they're probably they probably shouldn't be dropped. Yep. So maybe drop them now, set the alert on your phone for 4 weeks, and then pick them back up if you're confident he's still gonna be there. Alright. We'll do 2 more, and then we're out, Brandon. What are your thoughts on Tillman Plumlee and Wendell Carter junior? Who's the better pickup of those 3 in a 9 cat roto league? I'm not a junior is a real trade option here at this point. Wendell Carter junior and Like in real life? Holtz. I think that those 2 would be at the top of their trade list. So that'd be an interesting speculative, ad because because of a future trade. But as of right now, he wouldn't be at the top of my list. I just wanted to add that. Yeah. I man. I mean, Plumlee's gonna play 25, 28 minutes, I think, for the next month with Zubac out. I would I would say Plumley or Tillman before I'm picking up Wendell Carter. You can you can hope on a trade, but, I mean, Tillman's had, like, 3 3 games in the last week that have been better than anything Wendell Carter's done all season in terms of fantasy. So I would I would say I would say Tillman won, Plumlee 2, but it's close. And then Carter to me is a relatively distant 3. Is Larry Nance a good pickup? Seems to be. I I you know, it's funny. I saw him as one of the the highest added players on Yahoo. And, you know, he's played 26, 20, 20 minutes over the last 3 games. He's got 7 steals in that span. So that's a big part of the reason that, you know, if you're looking at recent rankings, he's way up there. Not really sure that's totally sustainable. You know, I just you can't really rely on just getting 2 steals in, like, 22 minutes every single night, and the Pelicans' rotation is, you know, so loaded right now. But I would say in a 14 or 16 team league, yes. I'm picking him up. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely worth an ad right now because of what he's done the last few games, and, then the Pelicans are not shy about giving other guys opportunities if they're playing well, but I'd be ready to to move off of him quickly because there's a chance that he reverts back to the single digit per game guy that he was. Alright. We gotta do one more, Brandon. We got we got we got tiers in the chat. We got we got answer Halliburton question. Skeeter, long time viewer of the chat. We appreciate the question, Skeeter. He says, he asked earlier, you know, he had a a team that's dealing with percentage issues, field goal percentage, free throw percentage are poor, thinking about maybe punting at least one of those categories and perhaps trading Tyrese Haliburton to do it. He said he was offered Dinwiddie and Trae Young for Tyrese Haliburton. Is that a trade you would consider making if you are in percentage hell? Yeah. Anytime I can get Tyrese Haliburton on my team in most Well, he he has Haliburton. Okay. Oh, the the oh, they were offered. Okay. I missed that part. And, no, I'm no. I'm not will if I was that willing to do it on the other side, I can't be willing to do it if I have Halliburton in this situation. I think there are other ways to fix your problem. I I think there are. I do I do think this is defensible, though. I mean, it's like Halliburton has been better than Trae Young on the year, but not by as much as you'd think. You know, like, Trae Young is averaging more steals. Trae Young hurts you more in field goal percentage, but if you're punting that, you don't care. They're extremely comparable in terms of free throw percentage, but Trae Young takes twice as many per game. So I think that is the that is the goal here is that you're you're taking the hit on field goal percentage. You're getting a comparable player, but you're getting somebody who, in theory, should improve your free your free throw percentage because he's taking 8 or 9 per game, whereas Albert has taken 4 per game. So I actually I think it it by that line of reasoning, I think this is actually a fair deal. I would maybe try to get somebody other than Dinwiddie because he's just gonna continue to tank those percentages, both field goal and free throw. So maybe get, like, a better free throw shooter as a throw in. But, if your goal is to punt field goal and try to rescue free throw, then I I actually think this is this is pretty doable. Alright. We gotta be on our way out here. Appreciate everybody throwing questions in the chat. You guys make this fun for us to do. You make it informative. Hopefully, we gave you some good answers. We'll have doctor Ray and Rick Kamla back on the stream tomorrow morning. Alex, Ken, and Shannon talk with Waverwire on Friday. I'll be back with Alex on Monday. Brandon, I will talk to you at 9:30 CST next Wednesday, and looking forward to having you on the XM show later this week as well. Single tier, Skeeter. I totally get it.