Hey, everybody. It's Steve Alexander. This is the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast sponsored by Smart Bracket. It's Tuesday, March 19th. I'm doctor a. Here's Kyrian. We'll be back in a minute to cover everything that happened on the first Monday, probably, of your Fantasy NBA playoffs. Let's do it. Karen, thanks for coming back. We had so much fun last Tuesday. We decided to do it again this Tuesday. Your guy, Anthony Edwards, has now, by my count, maybe the 3 most exciting plays of the year in NBA basketball after he threw down what I like to call the dunk herd around the world last night over Alf Horford. Horford left the game without John Collins. What's that? Over John Collins. Oh, yeah. Why am I saying why am I saying Al Horford? Getting ahead of yourself a little bit. Yeah. It it was John Collins. So he throws this thing down in traffic over John Collins. Collins leaves the game with a head contusion. I couldn't really tell if part of Edwards hit him in the head. It's a basketball game through the through the hoop so fast and hit him in the head that that's what hurt him. But either way, wow. What what a dunk. Absolutely incredible stuff. We talked about it last week. I'm not gonna quit until he gets at least some love for MVP. That's Ant. As for the John Collins injury, I'm not sure, when he got hit. He might have been hit by, like, Ant's leg coming through the paint. It also might have been just a case of, you know, like, the childhood embarrassment injury where where something bad happens and you, like, go down and you're like, well, maybe this wasn't as bad as I thought it was, but I'm gonna stay down for a couple extra minutes because that was gnarly. But what a what a incredible play and, what an incredible player Ant is, and the Timberwolves are making a lot of noise. Well, the cool the cool thing about it was he dislocated his finger on his left hand or his ring finger, and that was also, due to contact with the head of John Collins, I think. And, he just kinda, like, went in the locker room, popped it back into place, put some dirt on it, taped it up, went back out there, kept playing. Do you think that that attention that he got from that dunk last night could get him some MVP votes? I mean, could this bump him up in the race at all? You know, I'm not an MVP voter. I've never talked to a MVP voter personally, so I'm not sure what goes through their heads. But I do think, like, plays like that and moments like this, and I think it's worth mentioning, like, with Karl Anthony Towns out, that this is a huge moment for Ant to, like, solidify his case for MVP. I don't know if he's necessarily gunning for that. They're more team oriented this year, but I do think, though, like, play certain plays and certain moments in a season can really, like, define an MVP season for sure. Well and I still don't understand why he's not getting any MVP love. I mean, SGA gets all the MVP love and his team's a half game up on Minnesota, in the west. Oklahoma City is number 1. Minnesota and Denver tied at at 4721, a half game behind Oklahoma City, and then the Clippers are are 5 back, of OKC. So it's interesting that, you know, the 7th place Dallas Mavericks and Luka, you hear a lot more about Luca winning MVP than you do a guy like Ant Edwards. So it's pretty interesting stuff. I don't I don't I don't foresee Anthony coming out of nowhere and winning the MVP. But he's I'm not calling for him to win. I just wanna get get him give him some love, at least a a vote or 2. Give him a vote. Yeah. Speaking well, we weren't speaking of Atlanta. John Collins used to play for the Atlanta Hawks. So the Hawks who are reeling with no Trae Young, no Deandre Hunter. They just got Jalen Johnson back. They just got and yeka konwu back, get blown out of run out of gym last night by Lakers. Braun, AD, and DeAngelo Russell all had fat double doubles. And somehow an us a relatively healthy nets team that I feel like is better than they are in, on paper than they are in real life. Like, why can't the nets try to track down the hawks and get into the playoffs? Right now, the hawks just keep hanging on to that 10 spot, which means they're gonna get another crappy draft pick and and continue to be the hawks. But, I kinda thought the nets might track them down. It's just not happening. Yeah. I I like the Nets team in theory. They just can't seem to figure it out. I think McHale Bridges struggles, limits their ceiling a lot, so they're kinda just, like, grinding out games every night, and, it's it's a struggle. Dylan Johnson was really the only bright spot for the hawks last night, and then that ended when he left the game early. He did I saw a report that he returned to the hawks bench. So he could might have been able to return if it wasn't a 20 point blowout like you said. So there's maybe some silver lining there. As for the Lakers, man, they're just hitting their stride, looking great at their not I shouldn't say great. They're looking good. They're looking like the team that made the Western Conference finals last year. It's only a matter if they if they can stay healthy. Anthony Davis, LeBron playing a lot of games this year. I I love the starting lineup of Russell, Reeves, Hachimura, James, and Davis. I don't know why it took them so long to get to that point. The Torian Prince experiment was odd, but the Lakers are hitting their stride plan really well right now. Good call on Jay Jaylen Johnson's ankle injury. I slept on that last night. I missed it. I actually kinda took the night off last night. I came home, took my wife out of work, came home, and just kinda chilled, and didn't watch much basketball even though I've got these huge playoff matchups going on. I I I think I was so I think I'm so stressed about trying to win the stupid 30 team league that I I can't even watch anymore. So, Jalen Johnson left with a ankle injury. He he was back on the bench. Who knows if he could've come in and played. It's the same ankle that caused him to miss 3 games earlier in the month, so just keep that in mind. He's probably gonna be iffy for the rest of the week. So, no Donovan Mitchell last night. Right? So Caris LeVert comes out and starts 23, 8, and 11. A steal of Bakken, a 3, and a win over the Pacers. Tyrese Halbert had 14 points and 12 assists, but he only hit 4 or 14 shots. First of all, the, LeVert should have been a hot pickup this week. They play 4 games, and not many teams do play 4 games, and it's playoffs week. And there's no Donovan Mitchell. I think LeVert is sneaky and is gonna help a lot of people who picked him up. And then is Ty Halliburton losing some of his luster? Starting with the Cavs, I I love Lavert. I've always loved Lavert. I thought he was on his way to stardom with the Nets, and then he kinda got bounced around a little bit. He settled in nicely to the 6 man role, but, you know, I don't think we can consider him a star by any means, maybe a star in his role. But I I love when he gets, like, increased playing time. I I just love the way he plays. He's averaging 19 9, 6 and a one and a half steals in his four starts this year. That's that's really solid stuff when you lose a guy like Mitchell, and you can bring in a dynamic player like, Lavert. As for Halliburton, Wisconsin kid at heart, so I'm I'm always gonna be cheering for him as for, I live in Wisconsin. Never played him in high school. He's he's a little too old for me or too young for me, which is sad. But I you know, he ever since the all star break, he kinda, like, sold his soul to go off in that all star game, and then he couldn't even win MVP at home because Damon then Damian Lillard and Giannis kinda just stole the MVP from him. So it it's very concerning. It's just the 3 point shot really, though. You know, he's still dishing out dimes and leading that offense, but they're just not as prolific as they were earlier in the season when they were leading basically every category offensively. Yeah. And they're they're 55 over their last 10. They're in 7th place in the east. They're behind the sixers who despite not having Joel Embiid, just keep hanging around and keep keep getting it done. They're 55 over their last 10. The Magic are 82 over their last 10, which is the same as the Celtics. That Magic team is weird, man. Like, I don't understand how it's that good, but it is what it is. Alright. So Lavert was a big pickup, I think, and, props to you if you went and did that. I know that I got one more, cavalier. This might be like a super deep league special, but, George Niang, since moving into the starting lineup, March 6th, he's made 7 starts, 14 points, 4 rebounds, 2 assists, 1 and a half stocks, shooting 55% from the field, and he's making 2.7 threes per game. That's like I mean, we're talking, like, 16 team and over, type play, but he that that's incredible production, and he's doing this obviously without Evan Mobley, Dean Wade. They Cavaliers just went and picked up Marcus Morris too. He hit 4 threes last night, so that's kind of an interesting play. But there's a lot of opportunities in the power forward spot right now in Cleveland, and Niang is making hay with it right now. Yeah. I know, Camo said we're forgetting about George Niang, on Thursday when we were talking, and I sort of did forget about him. But I I did notice he he played well again last night. He he's playing okay. Him and this Taylor Hendrix guy and, my guy, Delano Banton Yeah. Still kinda balling out. Like, there's there's still plenty of silly season guys to mess with out there. So, we had no Jason Tatum for the Celtics last night. Right? Kristaps Porzingis graced us with his presence after a 5 game absence. Welcome back, Kristaps. I love the fact that Boston can just plant him on the bench for 5 games, and nobody even really notices he's gone. But it doesn't even matter. No Tatum last night doesn't matter. Derrick White's gonna triple double. 22,1010. Jaylen Brown's gonna score 30, 31. And Peyton Richard, my starting lineup, in my 30 team league is gonna go for 23 points and 7 assists. And Porzingis had 20 points in 8 boards. So, man, the Celtics I still think the Celtics are the team to beat, but, people seem to be pushing back at me on that. What do you think? Yeah. This silly season Celtics are just as good as the regular season Celtics, man. Drew Holiday was also out last night. Al Horford was also out last night, and Sam Houser was also out last night. He had 30 points yet on Sunday, 10 threes. I had him, I was about to pick him up in a deep, like, 16 team league. I I'm in need of threes in a category league, and I had an offer put in for him, and then he sprained his ankle. And I was like, oh, I can't trust that. But like you but like you said, Pritchard, these guys these bench guys for the Celtics, they're gonna be in line for a lot of run these next couple weeks. The Celtics have essentially locked up the one seed, so I I envision a lot of resting, a lot of blowouts if the starters do play. So Pritchard, I I also picked him up in a a deeper league last night, and I fist bumped when I saw that line and when I came home from the gym. There there's a lot of value to be had in these depth pieces, especially if the Celtics continue to, like, pseudo rest people, down the stretch here. Which they're going to. I mean, I Yeah. I'm sure they're like, okay. Let's let's let Porzingis play against Detroit, and then we'll just put him back on the bench for 5 games and wait till the end of the season because And he only played 20 minutes, and he still put up a 20 point double double nearly. Like, it's the efficiency that that offense runs with is crazy. In terms of, like, competing, like you said, you still think they're the favorite and you're getting some pushback. All of the stats say that they should be the favorite, and I they probably are the favorite. I for our, like, post all star break, futures bets, I said Boston and Denver. I know I'm not really going out on a limb there, but I was getting Denver at, like, plus 450 to win the title. And, you know, they're just kind of flew under the radar a little bit. They they weren't compete, like, really fighting for that one seed as Minnesota and OKC kinda, like, were shining early in the season. But Denver's great, and they are basically the same team, a little less depth, but, like, Peyton Watson is an incredible defender off the bench. So, like, I still like their depth this year. That starting lineup is so potent. I think it I think the 3 real contenders in my in my eyes are the Nuggets, the Celtics, and the Bucks. I think after the Nuggets in the West, it's just kind of like a who can get hot. Right? Like, the Lakers could get hot. The Warriors could get hot. Do I trust them to, like, get hot? Probably not. So I think those are the 3 real contenders, and I would probably put Boston and Denver ahead above the Bucks in that tier. Are the Suns and Clippers gonna get this figured out in time? Like, are they can they flip a light switch and and go? Dude, I I'm yes. Because they have those types of players that normally can do can flip the switch. You know? People say that that can't happen, but in the NBA, there are some players that can do that. The Suns' 4th quarter issues are super concerning. They you go out and had get 3 guys get a 3rd guy like Bradley Beal. Right? And you have those 3 so that your 4th quarters, you should be easy. Right? You just pass the ball around. If they try to double KD, you get an open Bradley Beal in the corner, Grayson Allen in the corner. So the 4th quarter issues in Phoenix need to be figured out fast. If not, they're gonna be gone in 5 or 6 games. I do think they can get hot, though, and I do think the Clippers can get hot. But my confidence level is not high on either of those things happening. Yeah. Clippers looks so good there for a minute, and now they don't. So I don't I don't know what's, what's gonna happen, but I think the playoffs are gonna be fun. I I have a I have a pretty good feeling about that. Hey, March madness fans. Before we dive into the madness, we want to loop you in on one of our sponsors, supported intelligence. They've developed an AI tool called smartbracket. Io that could really help you when you are building your brackets. Think of smart bracket I o is that one friend who always has the inside scoop. Thanks to something they call rapid recursive technology. It's like having a secret playbook for your March Madness picks, making your bracket a bit smarter while saving you a ton of time. If you love the game and your bracket could use a bit of an edge or a full on strategy overhaul, smart bracket I o is worth a peek. It's fun and easy to use while leveraging some brilliant AI technology. Might just give you those bragging rights you're after. With March Madness around the corner, like, right around the corner, like Thursday, a little insight never hurt. When selection Sunday starts, check out smartbracket. Io. Here's to enjoying the madness of making smart choices along the way. Thank you, supported intelligence. Carrie and I run a really, old school, imagine that, paper bracket pool here in my little town. I think the 1st year we did it, we had, like, 11 entries, and, last year, there were a 127, something like that. This year, I think it's gonna be over a 150. Grading a 150 brackets by hand sucks, but we're sort of locked in. I'm like, no Venmo. No no PayPal. We're not doing this electronically. We're doing this old school. You gotta sit down in the bar with your pen and fill out your bracket, and you gotta hand me a $10 bill. I stick it on an envelope, and I grade it. I I send out these really ridiculous emails at, like, 4 in the morning after every round that, I try to get all the as many digs in as I can at my friends and and make fun of people who don't really know I'm making fun of them. It it's it's a big hit. It's a it's a big, everybody seems to like it. I love that a lot. That brings me back to my high school days. I had a buddy who did the same sort of thing. His dad was a football coach, so we'd all go over to his house, like, most weekends have, like, hang out and whatever. And, every March day, like, spring break, you know, 1st day of spring break, like, that 1st Friday, we're all we're all there hanging out. And there's just, like, a stack, like, a 150 brackets, and his dad's filling them all out. And then, you know, as we get closer to the final 4, he he, like, posts the brackets on, like, a whiteboard, like, the ones that are still alive and stuff. So that that brings me back, some to some good memories. Yeah. And I'm gonna make it and it really interesting to see here because I'm gonna I'm gonna keep I'm gonna keep a little bit of the entry fee for my admin fee because if we're at, like, a 150 brackets, I think that's probably about 30 hours worth of work. And it's At least at least I'm walking around town carrying around this big folder like a like a total, you know, dork and people are like, what what is this guy doing over here? He's he's got he's got 1,000 pieces of paper and highlighters And, but it is pretty it's pretty fun. It's labor Classified information. Classified information. I do love it, and I I love the fact that I don't watch any college basketball until, like, Thursday. Like, that that's when I'll turn turn it on and and see what's happening. So playoff Jimmy, Jimmy Butler sits out the 2nd game of a back to back, which means he sat out on Sunday. He sat out on Monday. Giannis sat out on Sunday. Like, what a brutal, stretch for people who are trying to get into the fancy playoffs and win the fancy playoffs. Jimmy's got a foot injury. The back to backs for the heat are over for the week. Is he gonna play on Wednesday, and is he good to go the rest of the week? I mean, I I don't know, man. Playoff Jimmy makes me nervous. Yeah. That's it's anybody's guess now. He's missed back to back games. So it's it's tough. I would lean to the side of not playing. You know, even his two games before his absences, he wasn't really plant like, super efficient from the field, so it's tough. I would probably be looking elsewhere if I could. You know, obviously, still have him on deck if he gets cleared and you can throw him in, but I would not be, like, relying on him at this moment. Well, I told everybody to go get Duncan Robinson and fire him up for the week. And, after he had 30 points and 5 triples on Sunday, and, of course, he left last night's game with a back injury and 3 points. So I am sorry for that if that got anybody. But there's not a lot you can do to to foresee an injury coming to a guy like Duncan Robinson. Bam was better last night. 20 points, 13 boards, 6 assists. That's more like the Bam line that we've been waiting for. And then for the sixers, Tyrese Maxey had 30 points, 8 boards, 10 assists. Like, that's a massive style line, man. Steele block, 3 threes. Kelly Oubre, 22 points, 11 boards, 5 blocks. You kidding me? Sixes and 12 straight. They're still hanging at number 6 in the east. I kinda thought Kelly Oubre might go away when Maxie came back, but that that's a hell of a stat line last night. Yeah. Starting off with the heat, you know, Jaimee Hawkeyes got the start again in place of Jimmy. He's been really good this year. He was not really good last night. Especially in the final minute, the heat had a chance to to reclaim the lead. They gave the ball to him on back to back possessions, and he had, like, one little post up, like, where he tried to draw a foul and, like, flailed and threw up an air ball. And then he had a wide open 3 in the corner to make it a one point game with, like, 35 seconds left and barely drew iron. So that that was a bad showing from the rook in a big moment where the the Heat need to win a game like that. The the Duncan Robinson thing, your process was right. He's been great. His connection with Bam is special. Whenever they're on the court together and in a situation like when a player like Butler is out, there's always value there. So the process was right there. The injury sucks. It is concerning a back injury for a 3 point shooter. That's that's not an easy thing to overcome. You you need your all your back muscles to get that elevation on that jump shot. So I don't know if he's gonna be able to come back right away. You know, the direct replacement, you're like, is Patty Mills the answer? Probably not. He scored 13 points in his heat debut, but has only scored 13 total points in 5 games after that. So, you know, I think Caleb Martin might be an option if Robinson and Butler stay out for a little bit. He's he can put up production off the bench. But the the heater the the the Butler injury is concerning, and I don't know if Robinson's coming back anytime soon. As for the Sixers, the Embiidless Sixers can be fun when, Matt Oubre or Heald kind of, like, gets hot next to Maxey. Right? Like, they're those 2 are pretty volatile shooters. They can put up, points in bunches, though. So they're they're it's kind of a fun dynamic, but you need Maxey there to raise that floor because he is incredible. No matter who is on the floor, he does what he does. It also looked like Kyle Lowry had a little extra motivation last night against his his former team. I don't there's not many fantasy implications in in that, but he, he looked wired up, and he was running around making a lot of plays, in a typical dirty game. Not like a dirty game, but like a ugly low scoring, like, in the trenches type of game. That's where Lowry thrives. You just said Kyle Lowry, and I blacked out for 30 seconds. I don't I don't remember the last 30 seconds of my life. It's interesting talk going back to the heat and talk about Jaime Hawkins because Jaime Hawkins has played such a major role for that team all year. He's not looked like a rookie. He's been a glue guy. He's been a guy they run the offense through. He's been a guy that is sort of involved in everything. But I feel like he may have hit some sort of wall, in the last month, you know, since the all star break because he's he's been mysteriously quiet. And it used to be like Jimmy Butler sits out. How many how could how could this goes off? And that's not really been the case lately. I could see him getting it back. I I wouldn't give up on Jaime just yet, but he has not been quite as fun as he as he once was. But Uber, I've still got Uber on on a team where I'm trying to win a championship, and that's super fun. Tell you what, I know people there are certain people that watch this podcast that cringe when I start talking about my 30 my 30 team league. But as everybody knows probably from Twitter, the final 4 in that league is me, Rick Kamla, who I I podcast with here on Thursdays, my boss at ESPN, Joe, and Dan Besbrez, who, works with Aaron Bruske, who I worked with at the other side for a very long time. Like, all all these guys were all like brothers. And, we all wanna win this league so bad, and we all have really good teams. And I've got Wimby, and Wimby on Sunday night just took over the world with that 30 point 157 blocks, 7 assists, whatever whatever nonsense he put up that night and knocked my boy, Matt Smith, out, out of the 30 deep. So we've got a final 4 going on that is is pretty intense, and it's gonna be tight and super fun. And, so much fun, I can't even watch basketball anymore. I'm so nervous about it. Let's talk about Deandre Ayton and the Portland Trail Blazers for a second. You and I said it last week. I'm I think we were like, I think Ayton might be done. Or no. That was me and Campbell the week the week before that. And now Ayton, 2515, 2 blocks again. Anthony Simons who were kinda waiting to be shut down scores 30. Delano Banton, my guy, 11 points, 5 boards, 3 steals, 2 blocks, all that and Portland lost to the bulls. The bulls got 28 points from DeRozan. They got 23 and 10 assists from Desumo. Cruz says it's kinda hurting. He's 1 on 5 for 5 points. That helped Desumo go crazy. And then Jeremy Grant did not play for the blazers. Our is Jeremy Grant gone? Is he is that done? Or is nobody shutting down this year and everybody's just gonna keep playing till the end? I would be surprised if Grant came back and played consistently. So, like, I'm not gonna say he's gonna be shut down for the entire season, but, you know, like, playing 2 out of 4 games a week or something. He's missed a bunch of games, in a row, and he's only played, like, 2 of the last, like, 10 or something like that. So I would be surprised if he came back and, like, actually made an impact in Fantasy. I think Portland is really content seeing what they have for the future with the Simons, Henderson, Banton, Jabari Walker, and Ayton lineup. Ayton's been incredible. I don't know if you saw the the Twitter explode last night about his or maybe not last night, last afternoon, yesterday afternoon about his him sleeping on a air mattress to begin the season, and that's why he's he said so that's why I I probably wasn't as playing as well as I could have earlier this season. So, you know, if he's got a bed now if he's got a real bed, that 7 foot body is getting a full night's rest. Who knows? He's unstoppable. Is Deandre Ayton the weirdest guy in the NBA? Close, but that that is a a high bar to to cross, I feel like. Kai Jones Kai Jones is back in the NBA. Well, what about what about well, let's figure this out. Hold on a second. What about Jordan Poole? Jordan Poole is a strange man. Okay. But but Aidan's pushing the envelope, man. Like, he's really making he's really giving me some good crazy vibes here because, you know, like I told like I told whoever I was podcasting with that day, like, I live in the mountains of Georgia, and I know if it's if it's gonna snow tonight, my car is not getting out of my driveway. Like, it's not happening. So I drive it to the top of my driveway and park it up on the street. And if we're really gonna get extreme, I know my car is not gonna make it out of my neighborhood because I live in a place called Crown Mountain. I live literally on top of a mountain. So I I know my car is not gonna make it off this mountain if there's snow on the ground. So sometimes we have to go all the way and park it in town and then get a ride in a 4 by 4 to get out there to to have access to a car. Now if I'm just a a average dude, that covers fantasy sports for a living, and I and I can make these arrangements so that I have a car to get somewhere, why can't a millionaire that lives in Portland figure out that he he should probably do something to get ready for a snow game tomorrow, other than just call in sick and say I can't couldn't get my car out of the driveway? And now we're sleeping on an air mattress. Dude, I'd rather sleep on my floor hardwood floor in my office than sleep on one of those air mattresses. So I don't I don't know, man. I more power to Deandre Ayton for for, doing odd things. I love it. Yeah. He he's a national news at any time he opens his mouth or anything happens. So it's pretty incredible. I mean, he's a max player. He's always gonna be. They can't take that away from him. True. So he's got that he's got that going from which means he's got a lot of money. I mean, that's funny, man. I I and I missed that whole tweet yesterday, that whole Twitter storm about him sleeping on air mattress to start the season. I love that. By the way, the last time I won 30 deep, was 2011, and it was because I picked up Jeremy Lin, like, literally the day before Lin's sanity happened. And that reminds me of Jeremy Lin because he was sleeping on, like, his buddy's couch at that time. Yeah. I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. He didn't even have a bed. Crazy. There you go. Okay, Deandre Ayton. Thank you very much. Laurie Markkanen shockingly came back from a 5 game absence and started for the Jazz. Right? He had 22 points, 12 boards. I had to, like, scramble to get him off my IR in one place. I literally forgot all about him. I thought he was done. He played well in his return. Taylor Hendrix, who has been a hot pickup, 8.6 boards of steel on a block. So it's it was serviceable, but it wasn't as good as it would have been had Mark and kept staying out. So Taylor Hendrix came out of nowhere on the waiver wire the last, you know, 5 games when, Mark and I was sitting. By the time I went and got him, I feel like it's it's kinda too late, but I'm stuck with him now. It is what it is. Keontae George, he's gonna ball out the rest of the way, I think. 15 points, 8 assists. And then there's Walker Kessler who had 14 rebounds and maybe a couple blocks. I don't know what is going on with Walker Kessler. I don't I mean, I was talking to my buddy, Zach, who's got him on his team, and I was like, you gotta get rid of Kessler, dude. He's like, I can't just cut Walker Kessler. You you sort of could have. If you if you're good in blocks and rebounds, I mean, he literally does nothing else. Totally. Starting with the market and return, he did have 6 turnovers. Kante George also had 6 turnovers, so a little inefficient. But I I like the young core that, the Jazz have, and I would include Walker Kessler in that core for right now, but the his playing time has just been so sporadic. Obviously, if John Collins misses time, Hendrix and Kessler both get a little bit of a boost for the neck for the rest of the week. We don't I don't know how long Collins will be out or if he'll miss any time. He initial concerns of a concussion, but those seem to have dissipated. They said he was cleared of concussion. Just has, like, a head contusion. That still doesn't sound very fun, but he'll probably be able to suit up in a little bit. Keontae George, fantastic player. Super fun to watch. Puts ups stats like crazy. 3 pointers, assists, can get some defensive stats. I really like Will Hardy as a coach. I I hope that they can make some hay next year. It's just the the whole Kessler thing all season has been concerning. And I think you're right. I think if you would've cut bait with Kessler months ago, you probably wouldn't have been, like, regretting it at any point in the season. But if you have him if you still have him rostered, right now, like, you know, there's there's not like, I don't I don't really know, like, what you're hoping for. You've already know what you're getting, like, inconsistent production. But when he does play 25 plus minutes, he's gonna be double digit boards, couple blocks every night. And that's the thing. I don't really blame this on Walker Kessler. I mean, his his minutes have just been so weird all year. And he was like a 3rd or 4th round guy last year, and now he's like a 12th round guy. So huge disappointing season from Walker Kessler. But again, I don't really blame I don't really blame them. I don't think it's his fault. So, and I'll get back to this head confusion, concussion for Collins. Like, if you get if you get your head caved in because a guy dumped on you, like, that is like, Ant just Ant didn't care, man. It's it's like it's like, John Collins was standing too close to a to a, like, rocket launcher or something out in the out in the out in the war zone. He he he got concussed by the, whatever the I can't think of the word when it after you fire the thing off, but whatever. The recoil? Recoil. The recoil got him. But, anyway, it's Colin Sexton at 24 points. And, by the way, his line was 32 points, 7 boards, 8 assists, a steal, 2 blocks, and the dunk herd around the world. So it's funny. ESPN had that dunk up on on their front page. It was like massive dunk by Anthony Edwards changes tone of game, and I never really click on stuff like that. But I clicked on that one, and I watched it, like, probably 4 times in a row. And I was just like, wow. That goes up there with that. I mean, it's the offensive dunk and the defensive block of the year both belong to Anthony Edwards who's getting no love for MVP. And like I said earlier, I don't need wanna harp on the point too much, but Rudy Gobert was not playing in this game, and Nas Reed left early, and Karl Anthony Towns is still out. So Ant is, like, he's making these highlights and putting up these numbers and carrying the Timberwolves to victory and these top and without his top sidekicks. You know? Talk to me about Naz Reed. Did he get hurt? Yeah. He he didn't return. He played 17 minutes. He, a head injury. I I didn't really see the what happened. So Luca Garza got some extra time. Nikhil Alexander Walker, like, started the second half. I'm I'm not really sure what the likelihood of him missing extended time is, but I wouldn't be surprised if he missed a game or 2. I missed that one. For the Knicks, Jalen Brunson had 34.7 boards. Baller, great season. No MVP talk for him either. OG Hannonobi, suffers an elbow setback, did not play last night. And then Trace Jackson Davis, who was on my son's bench even though he's playing, my morning jackets keyboardist, Bo Coster in a playoff matchup in my rock and roll league. Trace Jackson Davis remains relevant. He had 19 points, 9 boards, 3 blocks, on my son's bench. So I was like, dude, you can't be leaving people on your bench. It's playoffs. You gotta set your line up. He's like, I did. Like, but you didn't. Kids. Kids, I'd tell you. Some people's kids. Yeah. Can can, Jackson Davis stay relevant? I think the short answer is yes, but not necessarily, like, uber productive while staying relevant. I think he'll be on the cusp of relevancy. You know, over his last 7 games, averaging 12 points, 7 boards, 2 assists, and 2 blocks, only playing 23 minutes. He made 2 starts during that stretch. As for last night, I watched a lot of this game because I have Brunson on 2 of my biggest leagues, right now, so I was watching that game really closely. And, like, 2 or 3 times, he, like, stepped awkwardly and stayed on the ground for an extra minute, and I was like, not now, Brunson. Not now. Come back. But he he was fine. He finished the game strong. As for Jackson Davis' production last night, though, I feel like this was a a defensive strategy by the Knicks. They were hounding Curry on the ball screens and letting the rollers slip to the basket and just daring them to make that pass over and over and over again. And while the warriors did, they didn't do it every time. Jackson Davis probably could have had even more production. So I don't think 20 and 10 and 3 blocks is a fair expectation every night, but I do think 12 and 8 and a block is a pretty fair expectation for him moving forward. On the Knicks side, like I said, Brunson's unbelievable, carrying teams, single handedly carrying a couple of my teams. Miles, Miles Bridges. Miles McBride, also known as Deuce McBride, made a pretty big impact last night. He drew the start over for OG Anunoby over Precious Ochoa, who is starting when Anunoby was out before. I don't know if that'll continue or if the that was another another just like Thibodaux decision going against Curry. You wanna get another guard out there, save Brunson's legs on defense a little bit. So I don't I wouldn't count on McBride staying in the starting lineup, but he's definitely, someone to watch if you need guard help. His 3 point shot has been incredible, this season, which was, like, one of the biggest concerns for him in his development. I I don't think McBride is, like, a pickup in, like, a 14 team league or even a 16 team league at this point, but, if he draws a couple more starts this week, he could definitely be a pickup, for next week. I mean, he's worth a look, dude. He hit 9 to 13 shots, 6 to 9 dribbles. Yeah. Scored 29 points, and he played every minute of the first half. Him and Jason Hart both did. Yeah. Like, it it he Tibbs does not care about minutes at all, and so there's there's a lot of production there. The OG injury for the Knicks suck, they're 15 and 2 with him in the lineup, like, flirting with 500 with him out of the lineup, I think. I don't know if they can, like, contend contend, for, like, the Eastern Conference with him out of the lineup. So we'll see what happens there. I know they said the the initial thing is, like, he'll just miss a few games, but that could extend to 5 or 6 or 7 games really fast. By the way, Josh Hart had a 10, 11, 11 triple double and played every second of the game. The Tibbs cracks me up, man. I I saw some stat when I was slipping flipping channels last night and flipped by that game as I said something like, it's the first time all season 2 teammates have played every minute of the first half together for any team. And then one of them played 47 minutes. The air played 48. So McBride got a 1 minute rest at the end of the game probably. Hart played the whole thing. They beat the warriors. Thibodeaux just cracks me up, man. Josh Hart, best rebounding guard in the league, I think. And he's he's kinda been balling for the Knicks for a solid month now. So, hopefully, people are riding him. Yeah. And there's no reason that'll slow down if Nenobi continues to miss time, and Julius Randle is still nowhere near returning from the proof, like, the latest reports that we have. Desmond Bane played again for the for the Grizzlies last night, scored 23 points. I'm shocked. I'm just shocked that Desmond Bane is is back. And, you know, Cam and I were talking about it the other day. Like, the mindset has shifted. Like, I I don't think the NBA general attitude of, well, we're done. We're not in the playoffs. Our season's over. I'm gonna sip my studs. Something has changed. The mentality has changed, and now they're like, oh, get out there, Desmond. Get out there, triple j. Just keep playing. People are paying money to see you play. So the fact that Jaren Jackson junior and Desmond Bane are playing right now absolutely blows my mind. Yeah. And, they I feel like they're kind of in the same boat as you because they were just chucking up shots. They both attempted like 25 shot at least 25 shots or something like that. They weren't very efficient. But they if they're gonna be out there, they're gonna be getting their shots up trying to, you know, pad their stats a little bit as the season comes to a close. The grizzlies were not very efficient, like I said last night, but they made up for it with defense. They had 13 steals and 7 blocks as a team. I'm gonna give a little shout out to my guy, Jon Konchar. I hope that's how you say his name. I'm not really sure. I've never heard someone say it. He's got 8 steals over the last 3 games, and he's got 20 stocks over the last, so 8 steals over the last 3 games, 20 stocks over the last 8 games. That is, a lot of production right there. We're talking Matisse Steibel level of defensive production. You know, he doesn't do much else. He grabs 6, 7 boards a game, but there's not much offense there. But that that defensive production is is incredible. And with all of their injuries and if you need some defensive streaming help in category leagues, that guy in a deeper league, that guy might be someone to look out for. Other than that, the Gigi Jackson had another good game. He was, like, the only efficient grizzly last night. But you like you said, the the mindset appears to have changed. I don't wanna, like, completely put that all on the 65 game rule or whatever it is, but I feel like that has to be a at least a factor or a variable in that conversation for sure. Yep. And Zaire Williams set out. Luke Kennard set out for personal reasons. Vince Williams, my guy. Yeah. We haven't seen him for a while. I haven't been able to play him. So Bane Conchar, Gigi Jackson, Santee Aldama, and Jaren Jackson junior all played at least 35 minutes for that team, man. Like, that is wild. Those are Divido numbers. 393944 for Gigi. 44 minutes. They all they were all productive. There's grizzlies out there to be had, and, they're they're playing playing big minutes right now. Like you said, inefficiency was there. Jerry Jackson junior hit 8 of 27 shots. That's not good, but it is what it is. For the Kings, the Monte Sabonis, 25 18 of 5. All are Harry Barnes had 11 points. Keegan Murray had 15 points, 10 boards. De'Aaron Fox had 23, 7, and 10. 3 steals a block, 6 turnovers, 4 triples. Kevin Hurry got hurt, left the game, very, very early. And then Malik Monk went off again. 28.6 boards, 6 assists. Is he locked up 6th man of the year? I would I would have to lean yes. He has not started a game this year, which I if I was a voter, I would feel like that is kind of important for me. I know there's a lot of 6 men that get a start when a a a starter is injured or something like that. But even when starters are injured, Monk comes off the bench and he plays that role and he plays it to perfection. He was incredible last night, scored 12 of 6 of the Kings 16 points in overtime, had some big shots in the Q4 too. Like we were talking about with Ant, there's moments when, moments in the season where voters can, like, be swayed. Right? And in a game against the Grizzlies, like, the Kings need to win this. It goes into overtime. The Kings the Kings lose this, it's bad news. And Monk was like, I got this, guys. So that's that's a a moment where you can kind of sway some voters there. Sabonis ho man. Just incredible stat lines, and you're just like, oh, yep. Daily daily Sabonis line. I'm riding him, and, we did we go rotor wire goes to Vegas every year, and we did a a draft there. And I'm in the final 4 2 week championship or 2 week 2 2 week playoffs. Right? So first, 1st round, and, I'm going I have Sabonis, and my opponent has Jokic. So as long as Sabonis can, like, kinda mitigate Jokic, I'm gonna be really happy there and got off to a great start. Fox had a, Darren Fox had a flurry of threes, in, like, the Q3 of last night's game, but other than that, he he seemed kinda passive. I think he only finished with, like, 16 shots or something like that. In an overtime game for him is kind of surprising. Herder was really just, like, flat out bad. He was not making his 3 pointers for, like, the last couple weeks, so the injury kinda just, like, shell shelves him for good. And then my, guy to watch out for with that injury is Kean Ellis. He was already kinda stealing some minutes. He drew the start in the second half. Defensive production, 3 point production. You know, probably not gonna be a prolific player, especially with guys like Monk and Fox and Sabonis dominate and everything, but Ellis could be a sneaky pickup if Herder estimates the next week or 2. He had 5 blocks in a steal last night. So, yeah, Keenan Ellis played 34 minutes. That is a guy that is a guy worth keeping an eye on, especially with this herder injury. So, let's dive into some viewer comments and questions. Start off with a comment here just because this dude's fired up. David said, guys, in my playoff semifinals, 12 team, I can't I have Ant, Sabonis, Dejounte, Josh Hart. I'm feeling good for the 1st day of the week. Well, good for you, man. That that's that's awesome. It's fun. It's fun when your team is playing well and you have a good first night to get off get out of the blocks on the right foot. Speaking of you're going up against Jokic, Wembley and Jokic were going against each other last Sunday in my 30 team matchup, and Jokic didn't shoot it that well. And then when we came out and went off, and, when we when we got me past Jokic, and that's why I'm taking 1 being number 1, in all of my drafts next year. This is from Manila's most wanted. Guys, is it is Hero a drop on a 2 week playoff game? Semi finals start this week. I think he is. I'm not messing with Tyler Hero. Yeah. I would agree with that. Semifinals, playoffs, it's do or die mode. You know, maybe Herro comes back and somebody in the championship picks him up and you feel a little like, ah, shouldn't let him go, but you gotta do what you gotta do to move advance. And if he's taking up a roster spot that could be filled by someone who can give you production, you gotta make the move. Alright. This is perfect. Christian says, more guys had to drop OG. Who's a good waiver wire pickup for me? We talked about Taylor Hendrix a little bit. He's hurt by the fact that Laurie Markkanen has come back. We just got done talking about a guy named Kian Ellis who had 5 blocks and steal last night. It depends on who's available in your league. I mean, there's there are so many hot pickups out there. I feel like a Caris LeVert is still a hot pickup. Kieran, you got any any guys off the top of your top of your head? Well, yeah. I I feel like because he said, OG, and then he was picking up Hendrix, he might need to fill a forward spot. And so, like, in that case, like, you know, I said George and Yang earlier, that that might be not a high ceiling guy, but a pretty high floor guy, especially with all those injuries in Cleveland. Hendrix, like you said, he's hurt by marketing coming back, but he could also that could be mitigated by, I I just totally lost it. There's there's another injury in the front court, so I I would be fine rolling with John John Collins. Yeah. Yeah. Obviously, the injury. So, like, that that could be it could be mitigated there. So I I I would wouldn't mind rolling with Hendrix. I think he could give you flirt with double double production for the rest of the way. I think this is important too. Like, let's see. The New Orleans Pelicans still have 4 games left this week. They're the only one who has not burned one of their 4 yet. So, I mean, if you can pick up a Pelican and and, what's his name is hurt. Right? Herb Jones? Yep. He's still hurt. I think he Who would you who could we pick up there? He's he's he was listed probable for today, though, so he'll he'll probably play. Alright. But New Orleans still has 4 games left, so you can go out and and get one of those. And then there's still a ton of teams that have 3 games left on their schedule this week. I mean, that's that's sort of what you wanna do. You wanna target somebody who still has a lot of games. I've care slivert still has 3. Peyton Pritchard still has 3. Amen Thompson still has 3. If if did he play last night? I don't even know. No. I they didn't play last night. But team like the Lakers only has 2 games left this week, and and Memphis who we just talked about only has 2 games left this week. So I I would target more like a 3 game 3 game team, when you're looking to make that replacement. And you said that you mentioned Rockets too. So, like, a guy like Joc Landel is probably still rolling around the waivers, and he's gonna be seeing some some extra run with, Sangoon out too. Oh, that's a good question from, Matt Carmody. Gotta take a player off the IL. Who should he drop? Scoot Henderson, Danilo Benton, Paul Reed, or Anya Kangu? That's tough, man. Who's the guy coming off the IL? Alright. So Scoot is gonna be inefficient. So if this is a category league, might be a little hesitant on him, but I I if it's a point league, I'm not dropping Scoot right now. I think he's gonna get a lot of run, the last couple weeks. I feel like it would have to prob oh, head to head points league. Okay. Sorry. So, yeah, I I'm not dropping Scooter Banton in in a points league right now. They're the only thing that concerns me with them is their, efficiency at this point. So it's between Reid and Akangu. Anika returned last night. I think he was pretty limited off the bench. Yep. So I I would probably lean with him at this point. Reid just has a higher upside than Akangu, at this point because of the Embiid injury, so I'm probably wrong with Anika. I'm with you. I'm, I think I'm taking well, I'm I'm dropping Anika. I'm keeping Reid. Yeah. Yeah. Is Justin Champagne an ad this is from old yeast. Is Justin Champagne an ad in ESPN points leagues? Alright. So the Wizards in a report is substantial right now. They have quickly caught up with the trailblazers and the grizzlies. Are you talking about Spurs or the Wizards? This is this is Justin, I think. So he's other champagne. Yeah. So this is the this is the wizard guy. Yeah. The spur the Spurs champaigne, I'm probably fine staying away from. The wizard champaigne, actually, back to back games with double figures, at least 7 boards. It's got 3 steals and 3 blocks during that stretch. And this I'm just gonna read off the Wizards' injury list right now. Marvin Bagley is out. Landry Shaman is out. Denny Abia is out. Omarui is out. Tyus Jones is out. Koulibaly is out for the season. Isaiah Livers is out for the season. Kuzma didn't show up on the initial injury report yesterday, but then is now listed as questionable. So I've yes. I feel like, Justin is a fine pickup right now. That's quality information. You will not get that on very many other podcasts, especially when I'm sitting here thinking it's the dude that plays for the Spurs when it's actually his brother that plays for the Wizards. So, good information right there. I know I know my I'm missing Denny Abadija right now. Yeah. And, yeah, Wizards are banged up, man. Tory Thompson was able to pick up Khris Middleton and Desmond Bane off waivers a few weeks ago. I wouldn't have probably done that. Maybe I I I would give you a Middleton. I just had no faith in Maine. So, yeah, I I I don't know what the expectations should be, but, I mean, you should be happy you got both of them. They're both playing. They're both getting minutes. They're both good players, and I think it's a smooth move by smooth move by you to go do that. Yeah. I've it's looking like a a great play right now. Middleton probably won't be eclipsing 30 minutes anytime soon, but when he's on the court, they're gonna rely on his offense. And Giannis has been dealing with a a a knee and an Achilles issue, so he might get some days off, which means more shots for Middleton. So expectations going forward, probably some inefficient scoring as they get, back to full strength. But, as long as they're healthy, throw them in their lineup. Those are great waiver wire pickups at this point in the season if they're Yeah. They really are. They really are. Alright, Kieran. We did it, and we might do this again next Tuesday. I might just lock you in for Tuesday, the rest of the way because there aren't that many left. We're we're winding this thing down. Thanks to smart bracket. Check that out when you're filling out your brackets, today and tomorrow. You gotta get those things in by Thursday at noon. Don't forget. And, Cam and I'll be back here. I think we got a time change. I think we're doing it Wednesday night at 9, 9 PM instead of Thursday at 11 because we got stuff going on, Thursday morning. So we'll see you on Wednesday night at 9. The replay will be up, obviously. And, again, Gary, thanks for stopping by, and we will see you all soon. See you later. Talk to you soon. It was a pleasure. Go, Ant. Ant for MVP.