Nick Whale and Alex Barutha here. You're listening to the road wire fantasy basketball podcast. Don't fear watching along on the road wire fantasy basketball YouTube channel as well. We'll be recapping the weekend, just talking about the week ahead. It's finally here, Alex. 5 game week for the Brooklyn nets. We've been foreshadowing this, talking about it for weeks. So if you're if you're throwing the call bridges out there, congratulations. We'll we'll get some schedule notes as well. Heavy week overall, a lot of 4 game weeks in the NBA. Talk about some injuries and hit some big picture items. As always, give us some questions in the chat. You know, we're coming up on the fantasy playoffs, you know, down to that stretch run. If you are if you're wondering about any moves, if you're wondering who to pick up, who to start, throw those in the chat. We will hit those throughout the show. And, if we get a bunch of questions in there, we'll go rapid fire at the end. Alex, it's Monday. How was your weekend? Anything major go down for you, in Madison? Nothing major. I mean, I rewatched, the movie face off. I'm not sure if you're a face off guy. Is that a hockey movie? No. Everybody thinks it's a hockey movie. It's, John Travolta and Nick Cage, and it's like a action movie, and they swap faces. It's an all time action movie in my opinion. Nick Cage is at his absolute peak. They're sort of pretending to be each other. Nick Cage is evil. John Travolta is good. It's a it's a cop robber sort of a thing. It's, if you love, like, unintentional comedy, the sort of, like, late nineties action movie stuff, you will lose your mind at this. Johnny loves this movie. Yeah. Johnny Jobar, the chat says great movie with 5 exclamation points. So is it you said unintentional comedy. Is there any hint of intentional comedy? Yeah. Just like the idea of switching faces, like, you can only take that so seriously. Yeah. So it was it was sort of at the time, you know, in movies, I think it came out 97 where I think action movies were still fine, like, taking themselves, like, 75% seriously and then 25%. Like, they know it's they know it's all tongue in cheek in a way. And Nick Cage, anytime, you know, anytime Nick Cage brings a performance, it's always, it's always insane. But, yeah, I needed a rewatch. We watched it on VHS the the the right way. And, it was it was just I think it was funnier the second time around, to be honest. Well, anybody who knows me or has listened to me on the radio or podcast over the years knows that I do not watch movies. So it goes without saying that I have not seen that movie and probably never will. But, I appreciate you giving me the synopsis. Like, this is part of the reason I don't watch movies is I hear about it and I'm like, all right. I know what happens. Like, what is there to watch here? I'm a big reader of movie Wikipedia pages, so I've read a lot of movies. I have not watched a ton. Is there a favorite movie that you've read? Let me think. No, No. Not really. I have, like, like, 4 movies that I that I like, and I just gotta go back to those when I need to. But, any TV recommendations, by the way? Throw those throw those in the chat, guys. I finished your detective last week or a couple weeks ago, so we need something to to fill that gap. Let's talk some basketball. I don't wanna go too long, on this, this hullabaloo before we talk injuries. Kind of a tough weekend in the fantasy basketball world, Alex. You know, for 1, we had a bunch of low scoring games. You know, the the scoring debate seems to continue to wax and wane where it feels like some nights, everybody's scoring in the one forties as Boston did yesterday. And and some nights, you have some competitive games, you know, into the the the mid eighties and the nineties as we saw on Friday. But we gotta start with the injuries. Obviously, Trae Young last week, that was the big one. We got 3 more that we're keeping an eye on, and we'll start with Scottie Barnes because I I think this is probably the most concerning of the 3. The other 2 being Devin Booker and Jalen Brunson. And the the Brunson one, Alex, I mean, at the time yesterday, I'm like, that that looks bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. Right? And then the the Twitter doctors came out and were like, well, you know, maybe you bang these there. It looks like it might be a nerve issue, which would certainly be better, you know, than a meniscus or an ACL. But Scottie Barnes, left hand fracture, you know, they're saying, yeah, maybe you could come back in April. I I don't know, Alex. I I think this is kind of the green light for Toronto to see if they can hang on to I think it's a top 6 protected pick that they owe. They were kind of waffling between pushing for play in spot and falling back anyway, and I just I don't really see the merit. This team is not gonna win games without Scottie Barnes, and I don't see the merit in, you know, bringing him back for a week or a week and a half at the end of the regular season. Yeah. I I agree with you. Barnes actually hasn't missed a game all year, other than the one he moat risk missed most recently. And so I think you're right. That is that pick is protected top 1 to 6 to San Antonio. You know, they kind of been hovering, you know, their 3 losses ahead of behind of everyone to phrase it Memphis. Possibly, it might be able to catch them. I mean, Memphis is trying their absolute best to continue to lose games, but I I think now, yes, you do. You feel like you should at least give it the old college try of not trying. Well, and, you know, so part of it is ideally, you know, you'd get into that bottom 6 and you're like, alright. You know, odds are we will pick 6, but you're also increasing your chances to jump into that top 4. So I, I think that makes that decision, which maybe Toronto had been leaning that way anyway. I think that makes it a little bit easier. I think the obvious question is, are you dropping Scotty Barnes? You know, especially if you're in contention right now, you need to fill that spot. You can't necessarily afford to wait it out or you're in a head to head league and the playoffs start in a couple of weeks. Are are you totally comfortable cutting bait? I would say there's, like, a 90% chance at least that it's just fine to cut Scotty Barnes. You know, if you're in a if you're in a weekly waivers league, just wait. And even, you know, even if you're in a daily waivers league, I would maybe just see what they say because, you know, there's a chance that within a few days, they, you know, woes or or shams or somebody comes out with a with a report about a real timetable, which doesn't always happen right away. But what are the chances, you know, Scottie Barnes comes back from a a broken hand, this late in the season? It just doesn't really seem like it's gonna happen. Yeah. Right. And it is important to note as the the sun comes out here and obscures my my vision, it is important to note that there isn't a timetable. But like you said, it's your broken hand. It's an injury that we could look back and say, alright. You know, x number of players have suffered this injury. You're not coming back in 2 weeks. It's probably 4 weeks at the absolute minimum. So I don't really see a whole lot of upside, you know, with that. And I think you're right. 90% chance that you're probably good. Dropping him sounds about right. Beneficiaries in Toronto. You know, what is the trickle down effect here? You know, we I suppose we probably see more Grady Dick. I I don't know that that gets me all that much more excited about him. You know, it's like more minutes in theory equals more production, but it's not like, you know, they're handing the reins over to him. Right? I think if anything, you get a usage boost for RJ Barrett. You get a usage boost for Emmanuel Quickley. You know, we'd probably see a little bit more Oshaya Baji who moved into the starting lineup yesterday against Charlotte and actually looked pretty good. I mean, he took 20 shots at 33 minutes, 13 points, 9 rebounds, 2 blocks. Didn't shoot it well. It was 1 of 7 from 3. But if we're if we're just looking at that small sample, 1st game all year, like you said, without Scottie Barnes, I I think Adbaazhi, you know, who they got from Utah midseason, he's probably the guy and, you know, we we maybe see a little bit more of of Jordan Awara off the bench as well, but for me, he's probably a deep leagues only. Yeah. We'll note. I I double checked this. Jeff Stotts on Twitter, who has done some work for us in the past, tweeted about the Barnes injury, and said time lost for broken hand will be determined by the nature of the break and subsequent treatment. Average time lost for a 3rd meta metacarpal that did not need surgery is 12 games. Average time, for a person who got surgery, 18 games. So in theory, he could come back. He also notes that Wendell Carter missed 20 games earlier in the season, with one that required surgery. So maybe Barnes comes back at the end of the year, but, again, we're doing we're dealing with a very different situation at the end of the year than, like, Wendell Carter at the beginning of the season or or something like that. Yeah. What what games remaining for Toronto for what it's worth? Good note. Yeah. I mean, they traded for Abbaji. You know, they got Olinik in that deal as well, but I think they that was really a trade for Abbaji that they that they pulled off. So, you know, getting him in there, getting him 33 minutes, I think he will be a beneficiary. Twenty shots is crazy. He's been a low usage guy in Utah. So look, maybe they'll tell him you have the green light. You have shoot every time you're open. Try to make some stuff happen offensively. That's possible. Yeah. You mentioned the war. I got 18 minutes. He's not. There's been times where he's not been shy about shooting, but it never, I don't think he's fantasy relevant unless he's getting like 28 minutes a game or something like that. And I think Grady Dick again, he's he has the potential to be a little bit more than a 3 point shooter. I think further on in his career, like, I think he could end up being kind of a Max Struss who cuts and he can make passes, and he's got size so he can rebound and stuff like that. But as of right now, I think he's mostly just a 3 point guy. So as of yeah. Like you mentioned, Abhaji seems like the guy from one sample. Yeah. Yeah. I I think with Dick and, you know, you saw a lot of this when he was at Kansas and through the draft process, you know, it was a lot of, like, this is not Kyle Korver. Alright. He he may look like Kyle Korver, but he is not Kyle Korver. And, you know, I just think this early in his career, he kind of is just a spot up guy. I'd like to see a little bit more, you know, expansion of what they offer him down the stretch. But between Barrett and Quickley, it's like you just don't there's just not that many times where you're asking Grady Dick to do that. So I think the Struschop is really good because, you know, he's still a shooter first and foremost, and that's what Grady Dick is going to be. But, you know, he's also not gonna be a guy who's gonna struggle to average, like, 1 assist per game. You know, he's got great size. He rebounded really well at Kansas. He was over 5 boards a game, you know, in about 32 minutes. He's got really good size, good athleticism, you know, for for his age and for his position. So, really interested him in in dynasty leagues. Yeah. I think he's somebody that could could help you a ton in threes down the stretch, but, you know, for me, it's Akhbaji that gets the biggest bump and then just probably buried him quickly after that. Devin Booker out at least 7 to 10 days. That's per Shamsarania dealing with an ankle injury. He did not play yesterday against OKC. Tweak that ankle against Houston the night before. It just keeps happening for Phoenix, man. Whether it's whether it's been mostly Beal. You know, Booker's has missed his time. You know, Durant's missed a few games here and there. But, you know, here we go again where, you know, Bradley Beal has been back in the lineup for 2 games and he plays one of those with with Devin Booker. Beal was in a on a minutes restriction in that game. And, you know, 2 nights later, Devin Booker's out. So nothing too devastating. You're obviously not dropping Devin Booker. You're hoping it's just a weak absence for him, but still a a pretty big hit at this point in the season. It's a big hit. I think we, for the most part, just know what's going to happen. I don't think there's a lot of mystery in terms of who benefits. More touches for Bradley Beal. We were recommending, Royce O'Neil partially because their sons are so injured all the time. That's gonna continue. Eric Gordon steps in, takes more shots. Grace Allen will take some more shots once. Seems like they're interested in giving giving, Sabin Lee some more run. But I it's it's almost kind of decided what they're, you know, what's gonna happen here. Yeah. It's a 3 game week for Phoenix this week. So that's that's nice. It is a 4 gamer next week. So, you know, hopefully this this is a shorter term injury. Maybe you can get back for that. And then they play 3 games the week of March 18th. You know, it's one thing for fantasy. It's another thing for for where Phoenix stands in in real life. Right? I mean, they are currently in the 7th spot right now by virtue of not having the tiebreaker over Sacramento. Both of those teams, you know, in terms of games behind the one seed sitting at 7 and a half, they're a game up on Dallas. They are 2 and a half up on Golden State and the Lakers. And, you know, this is a team that I think has proven certainly more so than the warriors and the Lakers have that they could survive these injuries. They they they don't completely bottom out, you know, when they're missing one of the those big three. But, you know, they lost 2 in a row to Houston and OKC. You know, coming out of the break, they lost to Houston and Dallas, and, they're at Denver tomorrow night. That's a tough game without Booker. Then they get Toronto, but then they're home against Boston and at Cleveland after that. So kind of a a bit of a a dicey stretch coming up here for Phoenix, you know, likely not having Booker for at least a handful of those games. And they actually play Boston again, next Thursday. So you would hope that Booker's back for that. But this could this could pretty easily be a stretch. You know, you could you could see them losing to any of those teams, even with Devin Booker at Denver, Boston, Cleveland, Boston. You know, this might be the opportunity here. You know, if Golden State and the Lakers could string something together to at least trim into that that lead that Phoenix has for the 7, because I'm pretty sure at this point that that the Warriors and Lakers are going to be play play in teams, I should say. But, you know, you'd much rather be sitting in 7th or 8th than you would neither 10. Yeah. I agree. I mean, you have 6 teams within, 3 and a half games of each other in the west, the the 5 through 10. So that's gonna be jumbled up, I think, the rest of the season and could end up, like, really in any order because so many of these teams have are actually veteran teams or got have guys who have been injury prone. But I do think you're right. It does seem like warriors and Lakers are almost destined to be playing teams at this point. But, yeah, it's it's just the west continues to be very jumbled up in the middle. Yeah. Tough stretch coming up for the lakers as well. They, of course, lost to Denver on Saturday. The the 40,000 point LeBron game, which it feels like every game where he's passed some sort of milestone with the Lakers, they find a way to lose that game. So that was kind of par for the course, but they got OKC Sacramento, Milwaukee, Minnesota, Sacramento, Golden State, their next 6 games taking us through the end of next week. So that that I would like to say that stretch will tell us a lot about the Lakers, but, you know, based on what we see from them this season, I expect them to somehow just go 33 and we're back to square 1. Yeah. They're they just, I don't know. They it seems like they pushed a lot of their chips in for the for the, in season tournament, and then just could have not been able to figure it out since then. And I think when we're gonna almost like a airplane mode, And now I think they're trying to ramp it back up again, you know, as LeBron and AD sort of, you know, we're we're nearing the playoffs. So they're they're kind of tough to predict. Yeah. They are. But they they are. But at the same time, they are. It's like I just feel like they're predictably average. Average. We have enough of a sample now. And like in years past, it was always like, well, you know, they didn't have AD for 15 games or they didn't have LeBron for 15 games. Like they've had their guys, you know, and they've they've just shown us time and time again that they're slightly above average team, that even with that being the case, you still don't wanna face it. Right? Like, if you're if you're Phoenix or you're Sacramento or you're New Orleans and that's your your your win and endgame to actually make the playoffs, like, that's still that's still a scary opponent. And I think the one thing with the Lakers, no matter how the first 82 games go, like, I they still believe that they're, like, a top 3 team in the west, and, you know, we'll be just fine in a play and setting. Whether that ultimately proves to be true, we will see. We we mentioned Jaylen Brunson, by the way. That was, of course, the other big injury yesterday. If you're listening to this or watching this, you probably saw the play. You know, when when you review it, you can kinda see Brunson did bump knees with Hartenstein. Kinda looked like he he shook it off initially, came off the screen, took a a mid range jumper and, like, kinda midair, you know, released the ball and then started grabbing at the knee. I mean, this looked really bad at first. Really, really bad. He's down in the heap. You know, he's getting helped off the floor. You're you're obviously you're thinking, you know, torn ACL meniscus, you know, at best. But then the Twitter doctors came out and you could see, you know, that that I think it was his left foot It's kinda like dragging on the ground, and then and then you get into, like, this thing called foot drop, which I was reading up on last night, which would imply potentially that it could be a a nerve injury and that we still don't have anything definitive. X rays came back negative. You know, they they I think they initially said knee soreness, and they importantly listed him as questionable to return instead of just the dreaded, like, out for game right away. So I think there is still a pretty decent degree of optimism here that he's avoided anything serious. With that said, when you're dealing with, you know, potential nerve issue or even a bruise to that knee, I I still think he misses some amount of time here. You know? But it gotta be at least a couple of games. They play tomorrow at Atlanta or against Atlanta and then Friday against Orlando, and they finish out their 3 game week Sunday against Philly. I'd be pretty surprised if he's out there tomorrow, but the the schedule kinda works in their favor given the timing of the injury. It does. And then we saw when Brunson went down, we saw 47 minutes of Miles McBride off the bench. Pretty awesome stuff. And, of course, yeah, really, short bench for, for Thibodeaux. They signed, Shaikh Milton. Yeah. So, you know, maybe within again, within the next week or so, he might be useful in fantasy. But, again, at the at the same time, Tibbs hates new guys. He's like explaining his guys. So it's like, maybe we will get 40 minutes of Miles McBride and, you know, 40 to 45 minutes of Josh Hart, and then Milton plays, like, 8 minutes. But, yeah, we ultimately we just we need more info before we make any sort of, you know, real decisions on the waiver wire. Yeah. I think McBride's the guy I'm most interested in right now. And, you know, it's interesting. I I don't believe he was picked up in the Stake League, you know, and and I think part of that is just the belief that maybe Brunson doesn't miss that much time and you don't wanna, you know, go all in there. The 7 games this season in which McBride has played at least 30 minutes, he's averaged 15 points, 3 boards, 4 assists, 1 and a half steals, and 2.9 made threes. So in just about any size league, 12 and up, I'm I'm I'm interested in that. You know, and I'll probably wait until we get an update on Brunson. But if you're kind of looking for a weekly streamer for for this week or even just a one game streamer for tomorrow, great matchup against Atlanta. I, you know, like you said, we've seen this with tips before. I mean, this could very easily let's say, Brunson misses 3 games. It would not be shocking at all. Myles McBride averages, like, 43 minutes a game in those 3. Right. Yeah. I mean, McBride has really improved his 3 point shooting this season. That's been huge, solid passer. You know, main thing for him at least in the past was his was his steals upside, which he is he's continued this season, along all his highs last year. But, yeah, someone who if runs and misses a week, week and a half, something like that, McBride should should be picked up. Alright. Let's go to the chat. We'll pull some questions out here. Keep throwing those in there, guys. We'll hit those throughout the show. Christian says, good afternoon, fellas. Thoughts on Taylor Hendrix in Utah. Should I drop Paul Reed or PJ Washington to pick up Hendrix? Well, if if you're talking long term, you know, we'll see. We'll dive in on that. If you're looking at a streamer for tonight, I'm I'm pretty interested because this is a it's really a great matchup for both sides, the Wizards and the and the Utah Jazz. I'm I'm pretty interested in some Kuzma props of John Collins props tonight. And the reason for that is we have no market in and no Walker Kessler market in dealing with a quad injury. And Walker Kessler. I'm sorry. I'm on Kessler Edwards page. That is the one that pops up first for some reason on our site. Walker Kessler is still dealing with that foot injury. So this would be 3 absences in a row for him. We we've started to see Taylor Hendrix integrate into this rotation, even when both of those guys are healthy. We had 13 boards. That was a season high against Miami over the weekend. So I, I, I think Utah to me is a team that pretty clearly is, is kind of backing their way out of the play in race. I'd be monitoring the market in and Kessler situations pretty closely because it wouldn't shock me if they did, like, a soft shutdown with either of those guys. So long winded way of saying, yeah, I I'm pretty interested in in picking up Taylor Hendrix. I think we have to be realistic about what the ceiling is, but I I also think he could be a 30 plus minute game per game guy, if we see market and especially miss more time. I agree. I just don't think you should drop Paul Reeder or Washington for him. Okay. I just you look at Paul Reeder's numbers, you know, over the past past month, past 2 weeks, same with PJ Washington. I just don't know. I feel like Hendrick's ceiling is about what these guys are doing, so I would not drop what is not a sure thing with Reed in Washington, but has been has been pretty stable for for a little while now. Okay. Yeah. And so Philly has a 4 game week this week. Utah has a 3 game week. So if you're if you're just kind of looking at how do I handle it for the week ahead, you know, if you want to say it's comparable, I would give the edge to Paul Reed, know, especially when you're talking about players of this ilk. You know, games played really matters. And then PJ Washington and Dallas, the Mavs do have a 3 game week, but, you know, PJ Washington is playing 31 to 35 minutes a night. That's been the case in 6 straight. You know, the numbers have been pretty decent. You know, the rebounding has been down a little bit since he left Charlotte. 3 point shooting's been all over the place, but he's been taking a ton. You know, he's taken, like, 26 threes over the last 3 games. So I I'd like what we've seen there. I I did see a question in the chat about, Daniel Gafford. So I wanna find that while we're on the on the Mavericks, I know his minutes have kind of been on the decline of late, and I I cannot find this question, Alex. Did do you see it in there? No. Maybe I can't find it. Alright. There we go. We got it from Danny Muzz. He says, anyone know what to do with Daniel Gafford? Looks like the move to the baths. Is it gonna be good for him? And he's asking about Zubac as well. He says he's got a few injuries. Those 2, not producing much is killing him. So we'll we'll start with Gafford. I I love the real life move to Dallas for him. You know, what it meant for the Mavs beefing up their frontcourt, getting rid of Grant Williams. Initially, it looked like it was gonna work out pretty well coming out of the all star break. I mean, it's been a disaster to the point where I think you probably gotta drop it. Right? I mean, he's averaging 14 and a half minutes per game over the last 6. So that includes 2 games where he didn't even get to 10 minutes. I mean, I think he's probably a drop, unfortunately. I mean, I'm someone who's rostered Gafford, like, the entire season in multiple leagues. So this is a problem for me personally. But if he if he's I mean, he again, like you said, he played single digit minutes in 2 games over the past 6. That to me just hints at I mean, first of all, he's got huge foul issues. He's committed the most shooting fouls in the NBA. Yeah. So, you know, it's gonna be hard for him to play 25 minutes regardless to 30 minutes regardless. And to me, you know, some of this might just be he doesn't have great chemistry with Doncic. And ultimately, like, he's out there for one thing as is Derek Lively, as is Dwight Powell to catch lobs from Luka Doncic roll hard to the rim and have good chemistry on that in that front. Like, if he if if Doncic is just kinda out on him, which is possible, he's just not gonna play that much. So I unfortunately, I do think he is a drop, but we're at the time of the year where there are like, you're gonna have a lot of streaming options going forward. Right. So you don't have to feel as bad about it right now as you will have if this was like November. Well, I think the big thing with Gafford is, yeah, the lobs are nice, the rebounds are nice, but you're in it for the blocks more than anything. And if those aren't going to be there, I think you have to look into other options. It doesn't have a multi block game since February 12th. That was against the Wizards who absolutely love being blocked. They invited invite being blocked every single night. I mean, before the trade, he was basically a 2.2 to 2.5 blocks per game guy for most of the year. And now he's struggling to get to 1 a game. The block rate, interestingly enough, is basically exactly the same. If you look at the percentage of shots he's blocking in Dallas versus Washington, but obviously, when you're basically cutting the minutes in half, that's gonna have a huge effect. So I'm I'm fine moving on from him. You know, barring an injury to Lively or or PJ Washington, I I don't know that a ton changes there in terms of the fantasy relevant portion of the season. And then as far as Zubac goes, just kind of a weird stretch for him. Like, he missed back to back games with an illness. He came back yesterday against Minnesota. Maybe it was on some sort of soft restriction. Like, he was not in foul trouble. Although the I mean, going up against Minnesota is a unique opponent. Like, the Clippers were using 2 bigs. You know, we saw more Daniel Tice, so that that may have been part of it. But prior to the illness, you know, he was still kinda right where you where where you'd expect workload wise, you know, 23 to 28 minutes, most nights. So I'm not it's a rough week for for Zubach for sure, but I I don't think I would panic there yet. No. I I won't panic there yet. I mean, you're rostering Zubac because he's giving you, you know, roughly 10 and 10 every night. And again, you might be able to find you might be able to stream in that production on 4 game weeks from other guys, you know, if you got, like, like you're mentioning, you've got guys who are injured. But like Nick said, I think this illness thing was a short term thing, you know, a tough matchup against Minnesota. I'm not, you know, bay basically on Zubac, like, talk to me next week on Zubac, and let's see what's going on. Still 77% rostered in Yahoo Leagues, if you're wondering about that. Alan says thoughts on who to drop, Ivy or O'Neil or Kuminga? Ny cat, 12 team league. So my my first inclination would be Royce O'Neil, but, you know, now we have this Devin Booker news, so he'll likely slot in and and, you know, could be a starter for a week plus here. You know, he'd struck together 2 pretty nice games in the last week. You know, the the 20 pointer against the Lakers, another 20 pointer against Houston. The steals have been there. You know, he's blocking some shots lately. He's hitting a bunch of threes. So this this is a legit debate. Yeah. I I still think there's a little more upside, you know, with someone like Jaden Ivy. You're gonna have to live with with the down games from him, of course. But I I think you're gonna get more consistent counting stats out of Ivy. With this being a 9 cat league, though, it it depends. Are you willing to stomach the field goal percentage, and, you know, how badly do you need the threes and the defensive production from O'Neil versus the more consistent points and assists from Ivy? Yeah. I would not drop Kuminga here. Yeah. He's still playing too well. O'Neil versus, Ivy is kinda interesting. Ivy has fallen off a bit over the past 2 weeks to a month, especially patient. I get really bad shooting 34%. You know, I just the assists are down. He's not giving you anything steals and blocks. I agree with Nick. What categories do you need if you need the stuff O'Neil is giving you? Like, if you need defensive production, if you need rebounds, if you need some threes, O'Neil's gonna be the guy go with. If you just need raw points, I would just hang on to Ivy. Alright. Johnny says, I'm in 1st place with a 5 game cushion in a 10 team 9 cat league. Nice work. I just picked up Keontae George from Utah, and he just got an injury tag. You think he'll play well tonight if he goes? Great question. Please deal with an illness. So this this will likely be, you know, game type decision type of thing. They're down Kessler. They're down barking in. It's a great matchup against Washington. So I will say if he plays even with the illness, like, I'm probably still comfortable starting him just because this is the best matchup in fantasy basketball right now. So, yeah. I mean, tough to say, you know, what kind of illness is it? How how was he affected? He's coming off of a huge game, 31.6 threes the other night against the tough Miami team. He's been hitting about 3 threes a game at 40% over the last 15. So he's had the splash games, but he's been more consistent overall. You know, we we we always say we don't have any more, you know, injury insight than than anybody else. We just report the news, But if he plays, I I think I'd I'd throw him out there. Yeah. I would for sure. Like Nick said, this is a cakewalk matchup. Washington, 14 straight losses, worst defense in the NBA over the past month. Over under on this game is 241. They're gonna be getting up and down the court. If he plays again, you never know. Like, yeah, we don't have any more insight, but that fire them up. The jazz are 5 and a half point favorites, and they're down, like, 2 of their 3 best players like that. That speaks to where we're at right now with Washington. Alright. We got a trade question for Paul. He says, I got offered Cunningham and Divin Chenzo for my Simons and Kobe White. I'm punting field goal percentage and turnovers. So I think Simons and White ceilings are higher. Not too sure if Divincenzo can keep up his production. What do you guys think? 9 Cat League. You know, my first thought is the potential for a shutdown with Simons. Right? And I I think you're right. The the the higher ceiling here might be Simons plus Kobe White. Kobe White's had some disaster games recently, you know, where the shooting has just completely fallen off a cliff. He did rebound, with a decent game against Milwaukee on Friday, but, you know, he's 2 for 5, 2 for 13, 0 for 5, 2 for 9, from 3 over his last 4 games. So he's he's, you know, still playing a ton of minutes. So even like his off nights, you know, the counting stats have been there and you've been able to survive it. And if you're putting field goal percentage, maybe you don't care about that. I I guess one way I would look at this is is there a potential Cunningham shutdown? Detroit obviously is kind of cinched up a bottom four records. I guess I don't personally worry too much about that. And then the other point that Paul brings up is, you know, Divincenzo, what he's doing, is that sustainable? I would like to say no. But now in light of this Bronson situation, it might have to be. It's not sustainable in the sense that, like, Anganoby is gonna come back and Randall is gonna come back, and then there's just gonna be a ton fewer shots for Dimincenzo. But, yeah, if you're punting field goal percentage and turnovers, you know, Simons is not gonna kill you and White's not gonna kill you there. This is a really interesting trade. I mean, based on what we've seen out of out of all 4 of these guys over the past month, I it it would be Cunningham and DiVincenzo that, like, it would be on the side you wanna be on. Yeah. I I wouldn't mind doing that. Yeah. The the Simons I'd be were a little worried about the Simons shutdown too, but Portland I don't know. I feel like they have other guys that can shut down. Right? Like, Brogdon hasn't played in a long time. Jeremy Grant, like, they got other guys. I don't I don't mind this. I think I think if you wanna do this, you know, go right ahead. I I think, you know, because even if Divincenzo gets pushed back into the role, a role that he was in earlier in the season, he's still probably gonna be a top 120 player Oh, yeah. In that role. And, Simon's, you know, for as good as he is, he is like he's ranked 79th this year. You know, he's not like he's not ranked like 40th, like we hoped he would be. Yeah. I'm I'm on the Cunningham Divincenzo side of this. I I think I would like to know a little more about Brunson. Like, if you could guarantee me that he misses, you know, more than a week or 2, then I think Divincenzo has a nice runway. Like, I don't worry that much about OG coming back. I think he's gonna beat Randall as far as the timetable goes. And it's like and it'll be yeah. They'll probably steal some minutes from Divicencio, but he's not like that high usage of a guy. Like, I still think they're going to ask Divicencio to be one of the big fill ins for Brunson. So that that would tip it tip the scales in my favor. And then, you know, the concerns about Simon being shut down and just just playing it for this terrible Portland team that has, like, no shooting and they're struggling to to get to 90 points half the time. I would rather have that cutting him and Divincenzo. Alright. Streaming question for tonight's slate. Herder or Alex Caruso. These teams play each other. Chicago's on the road at Sacramento tonight. Herder just kinda been doing his usual up and down. Hasn't been great the last couple of games, but you're you're obviously looking for the the threes with him, some rebounds, some assists. Caruso questionable tonight, with a hamstring. He played against Milwaukee on Friday. Did he miss the previous game against Cleveland? I you know, he's been piling up a ton of steals. This is a points league. I think I would probably play it safe here and go herder. But, you know, reasonable question. I would go Caruso. I mean, Caruso doesn't have the scoring upside as herder, but herder is gonna have to deal with Caruso and to soon move defensively, and it's pace down for Kings. It pays up for Chicago. You know, and when Caruso, like yeah. Caruso's hurt a lot, but when he plays after being questionable, he still plays like 30 minutes for the most part. So I'm not worried about the injury necessarily. We got a question about Kelly O'Linnick that will hit quickly and and Matt, you know, chimed into the chat and says he's holding a linic right now, with a Pirtle injury. And that's yeah. That's something I wanna note. You know, Olynyk played 26 and 28 minutes over the last 2 games to to varied results. You know, he's been been piling up the defensive stats, which is nice. You know, rebounds, assists. Those are gonna vary night night tonight for him. Jacob Pirtle will miss at least one game. I believe he's dealing with a finger injury. Probably not anything that's super long term. But I think Toronto in general just kind of has to be on on watch the rest of the season, like in light of the Scottie Barnes situation where, you know, maybe they're looking for excuses to to to have guys miss a handful of games here. Pirtle dislocated his finger the other night against Charlotte, so he will not play tomorrow night against the Pelicans. Good spot to stream a linik for sure. You know, need a little bit more info on on is Perko going to miss, you know, significant time here before, you know, going all in on Olinic, but certainly holding him. Yeah. You mentioned Olinic. He's had a steal or a block in 6 straight games. And even though his minutes are kinda low, you know, 2 games below 20 minutes, he still put up, like, decent numbers in those games. He's basically a little over a fantasy point per minute. So if you're, you know, if he's out there for 24 minutes, you can roster him in almost any league. Yeah. We got some Jabari Walker chatter in the chat. Kind of an interesting name to to keep an eye on. You know, if you're mining for late season value for for a bad team in Portland, back to back double doubles for him, had 2 assists, you know, 3 total steals and a block in those 2 games. Not really much of a shooter. You know, take a couple, every now and then, you know, hit a couple, but not really looking for a whole lot of value from beyond the arc. You know, for for him, it's really more points and rebounds. Like, the defensive numbers have been very on and off. But, you know, interested in the minutes. Anytime a guy, you know, is playing 31 off the bench like he did against Memphis the other night, you kind of have to pay attention. And, you know, part of that is Deandre Ayton. He's dealing with a hand injury. He's missed the last two games. If Ayton continues to miss time, very interested in Jabari Walker. If not, probably gonna be a little shaky. Walker is a guy who I am I'm, like, interested in him from a dynasty league perspective. And I think he could have some stuff going from this year. He's very unique skill set, like, excellent offensive rebounder, averaging 3.4 per 36. Pretty good on the steals and blocks, you know, not amazing, but solid. Can hit some threes and has a weirdly high free throw rate, like a 33% free throw rate. So he's just he just gets after it. I I don't really know how to explain it. Yeah. I would keep an eye on him. Adam, speculative, speculatively. That's fine for sure. Yeah. That's a good good catch by you on the free throw rate. You know, even when he's not playing that many minutes, usually finds a way to to to get to the line, you know, 2 to 4 times a night. And I think that's a that's a metric you always want to look at. Yeah. I do that for for prospects in college, you know, coming into the draft. That was something I loved about Ben Matherin last year. It's like it's tough for rookies to to get to the line as much as he did. And it's kind of come back to Earth, unfortunately, this season. But if you're trying to separate, you know, this morass of, like, young guys who you haven't really heard of or like, I don't is this guy even going to be in the league in a couple of years? You know, things like that. Assist rate, block rate, free throw rate. Those are some of the numbers to to look into. Let's see. Dave asks, is Aaron D Smith a hold coming off of an injury, or is it better to drop him for a streaming spot? His playoffs, begin in week 20. Good question. Because I feel like before D Smith went down and we were getting a lot of questions about him and and he was coming on strong, has not played well, in his in his 2 games since returning from injury. You know, you wanna give him some benefit of the doubt, but he did. He did have that 12 game run, you know, leading up. I think it was right up to the all star break, 16 points, 6 rebounds, 2 and a half assists, 1 steal, We're shooting it really well from 3, which is is always gonna be his calling card. I I would I would be okay streaming that spot. I don't think it's like you have to hold Aaron Nesmith. To me, it depends on the size of your league. You know, in a 14 or 16 team league, you're probably not gonna do a whole lot better. In a 10 or a 12 team league, you'll probably find someone each week that you like more. Yeah. I don't think you're gonna lose your league off of this move. Like, I don't think this is a league deciding move necessarily. What I will say is I don't think anything has really changed. I think he's just kinda bothered by the ankle injury over the past 2 games since he came back. Like so I think the reason you've presumably been holding Nesmith since December, I think those reasons are still the reasons you would wanna hold him now. It's just he's had a couple bad games and was hurt. But, again, not someone who's so elite that you have to hang on to him if if, you wanna stream instead. Johnny asked any info on Mark Williams or Julius Randle? Unfortunately, no. You know, with Mark Williams, we're about 2 weeks out from the date that they said we'd get another update. I I very little optimism on him. I I think, you know, even if he were to come back in, let's say, 2 weeks, you know, there's probably a ramp up period given how much time he's missed, you know, by the unless your league goes to game 82, I don't really think it's worth it. You know, Randall, Knicks have been pretty mum. You know, we got that update a little over a week ago that, you know, he's hoping to avoid surgery. That was, that was a little scary, you because I kind of thought we were past that. But now now there are videos coming out of him, you know, warming up, getting workouts in before game. So my guess is he's going to dodge surgery, but I have not the Knicks have not put a date out there for a potential return. Right. Yeah. I mean, I both of these teams are keeping very quiet on these injuries. I mean, I think Randall's gonna come back hopefully soon ish. Mid March, I think, is, like, best case scenario. Mark Williams, I I just would not be surprised if he's out for the year. I it just no update has all the updates have been getting worse since Yeah. Since since he was doubtful, then he was out, then he was out 2 weeks, then he was out 4 weeks. Like, it just it's just worse every time. Alright. Robus says, hey, guys. Love the show. Appreciate you watching, man. What are your thoughts on Pogemski going forward? So he's missed 2 games in a row with a knee issue. Doesn't seem to be anything too serious. Obviously, you know, warriors are down, Andrew Wiggins, for the 2nd straight year, under mysterious circumstances, they're off today. They're off tomorrow. They play a back to back Wednesday, Thursday at home against Milwaukee and Chicago, and then they finish out their 3 game week on Saturday. So hopefully we get perjewski back for at least one of those back to backs. I'm I'm I'm pretty in on Pajebski. I mean, with with Chris Paul back in the mix, you know, and and Klay, you know, kind of do it better off the bench. You know, he had not really played well in his last 3 games. You have a usage had been down. You know, he's kind of he's taken about 10 to 11 shots per game for a while there. And then the return of CP, I think, is going to kind of cut into that for him. So rest of this season, I'm not super excited, but long term, I'm pretty interested. You know, you talk about looking into some of the metrics for a player like Pajapski. Obviously, that's the I test. I think that was clear, like, right away. Like when he's when he first started playing for them early in the season, you're like, who is this random dude? Like, is this the second coming of Nico Mannion? No. He immediately looked great. How many rebounds per game do you think he averaged in his sophomore year at Santa Clara? This is completely blind guess. I mean, I guess, like, 6 and a half. I don't know. 8.8 rebounds per game in his final collegiate season. You know, kind of an outlier in some ways, but those are the type of things you you keep an eye on. Right? Like somebody his size, you know, he's not like a crazy athlete by any means. He's averaging almost 6 boards per game. He was averaging almost 4 assists per game. Like, it doesn't doesn't really have much of a weakness to me, which is fairly rare for for a rookie guard. And, yeah, you could argue he's been in a good spot and a good system in Golden State, but I'm I'm really interested in him long term. It's just kind of a question of the rest of this season. Where does he fit in? Like, there's always been there's always been one missing piece. You know, as soon as CP 3 comes back, Wiggins goes out. You know, Klay's moving to the bench, then he's not on the bench. And then, you know, now it looks like he'll be there permanently. So I I I think it's it's gonna be very up and down for him for the rest of this year. But long term, dynasty, I I really like Pajebski. Yeah. Pajebski's stat line, shades of, like, DiVincenzo, for Golden State, you know, some Josh Hart type stuff going on there. But, yeah, I completely agree with you, Nick. It's just a guy who he knows, like, a pass the ball. He can rebound decent defensively, at least in terms of getting steals. Yes. He can he needs to get the free throw line a little bit more, but, like, he's 64205. He's a guard. Like, he's just it's gonna be tough for him. In terms of this season yeah. I mean, the return of Chris Paul is gonna significantly impact what Podgemski is doing. I mean, I think Podgemski is a good enough good enough 3 point shooter and rebounder where he's gonna just be out there doing stuff. Like, Kerr is just gonna continue to give him 25 to 30 minutes every night. But I think this ceiling is kinda just yeah. It kinda gets decimated with Chris Paul back. You know, I don't hate the idea of dropping him to stream guys in. I would just maybe wait another week to see really what his usage looks like. And then the the mysterious Wiggins' absence is that's just it's tough to even evaluate that. Like, who know? He could come back tomorrow. He could come back. Never. You just don't know. Grace and Allen are Buddy Healed in a head to head points league. So Roto, I would be all over Buddy Heel, but points makes us a little more interesting, you know, especially in light of the Booker injury. Grace and Allen's actually been a slightly better points league guy this year than healed. Obviously, in category leagues, you know, Buddy Heel giving you, like, a minimum of 2 or 3 threes every single night is pretty huge. But Grace has not played well of late. I think there's been a little bit of a panic there because he had been so good, you know, earlier in January and and into February, but he's got 16 total points, in his last 3 games. The shooting is kinda dried up. He's, like, 4 of 25 or 3 in that span. I I guess as it comes back around, you know, you're kind of buying low here if you're trading for them. You know, maybe somebody threw them out on the waiver wire. I I think it's close, though. I mean, it's really close. They're they're, you know, separated by about 1 fantasy point per game in points leagues. I think Buddy Hield, if you want the security, Grayson Allen, if you if you want a little bit more upside. But, ultimately, you know, I think these guys are in the same general range. Yes. You know, we still don't. This D'Anthony melting injury for Philly is starting to get worrying. Like, he came back played 16, 18, and then 9 minutes, and then he's just out again indefinitely. You know, that that would be my main concern on the healed side would be like Melton coming back, but I think I think I'm just gonna lean healed because I I I don't know if Melton's gonna be right. He'll has been really aggressive in Philly. He's, showing up some more passing lately. And I think if if Maxey misses any time, it would be better for healed than if, like, Bradley Beal missed time than it would be for Grayson Allen. Like, I think Buddy Heel can absorb usage better, if that makes sense. Okay. We'll hit a few more of these and we'll be out. Danny says, are you guys still holding on to Desmond Bane in your IR? Really even play it all the rest of the season? I'll put it this way. I am holding him in one league, but it's one where I I just haven't really had too many injuries. I think I'm in like 3rd or 4th in that league and dropping him to me. It's a deep league, deep rosters. There's just to me, there's not enough upside there. It's like I my only chance to really climb in and like try to win this league is if Desmond Bane comes back and looks like Desmond Bane, like there's nobody else out there who I could fill that spot with that would give me enough upside to truly move up to where I need to get. So for me personally, in that situation, I'm holding him and just hoping for the best, but obviously would not be surprised if he doesn't play. You know, they they announced, I think about 2 weeks ago that, you know, he's progressing well, whatever that means, and, you know, is expected to return sometime in mid to late March. Again, the grizzly season is over. He hasn't played since January 12th. You know, if there's any sort of setback, he's not coming back. But I'm I'm a little optimistic in the league where I'm holding him does go through game 82. So that's that's a little different to where if your fantasy playoffs are starting up in a in a week, you know, then then I would probably handle it differently. Yeah. I mean, I don't I'd be surprised if he came back. Let's just let's let's put it that way. Am I am I holding him in my IR? If if I have if I don't have to drop anybody, like like Nick said, he's Nick's holding him because if Bang comes back, it it's gonna help Nick, move up the standings, but that's only because Nick doesn't really have them any other injuries in his league. If Nick had 3 other guys who were hurt and he could put on IR, then you would probably just drop Bane because he needs production like now. So if you need production now, you got other guys drop Bane. If you don't need production right now, your team is healthy. Regardless of where you are in your league, just keep them in your in your IR. Johnny says, what do you think of Norman Powell with the Westbrook injury? Yeah. I guess maybe we should have mentioned this at the top. Russell Westbrook, like Scottie Barnes, fractured left hand over the weekend, looking at probably a similar timetable. You know, I think on our side, we rolled them out for about a month, could be longer. Obviously, the Clippers are in a much different situation than Toronto, but that does that does open things up in LA. I mean, worth noting that Westbrook and there's some nights where he's struggling to even get to 20 minutes. So, yeah, it's not like he's a 35 minute tonight guy, but it should be about 20, 22 minutes on both nights, that that now need to get redistributed. I'm I'm interested in Powell. I'm I'm holding him in some leagues. He's, you know, he's kind of the guy you hold for 3 weeks. You drop them. Maybe you grab them later. Look good against Minnesota yesterday, but did hit 6 threes. Can't necessarily depend on that. But, yeah, I mean, by default, I I like him more now with Russ out. Yeah. Powell is the ultimate microwave score. You know, just, I can't think of the right word. He's just like a a 6th man personified. Yes. So he's gonna come in. He's gonna fire. Yeah. I like him here. You know, we saw in the past 2 games, Bones Hyland reentered the rotation, 16 minutes, in the game before last and then 14 minutes. So I think I think Bones Hyland, a combination of bones, Terrence Mann, and Norman Powell will probably take Russ's 20 to 25 minutes. I don't know if any of them are massively better because like Nick said, Russ wasn't seeing that many minutes, and he also wasn't taking that many shots. So you're kind of distributing, like, 10 shots between 3 guys. So, you know, so they might average, like, couple more points, couple more minutes. Alright. Good question here from Matt. You touched on the Jazz earlier. He said, are you concerned about Laurie Markkanen missing more games with the fantasy playoffs starting? Honestly, yes, I am. I am. We talk about some of these injuries that I'm not saying they're fake, but it's like, you know, could you play through it? Yeah. Well, you know, we kind of wouldn't mind falling down the draft standings a little bit here. Why don't you take your time? I don't think he's going to get, like, completely shut down, but I could totally see this being a multi game injury. Marketing has always been like a little bit fragile. You know, sometimes when he misses time, a 1 or 2 game injury turns into 3 or 4. And I believe Utah has 3 games this week anyways. So I I know the league where I have market in, I just I kept it out of my lineup entirely. You know, you're looking at 2 games as a best case, in a in a week when a lot of teams have 4. So I wouldn't drop him at this point, but definitely concerned. What about you? I'm concerned. I think he's a guy like Jaren Jackson. If you can move off of him and get roughly equal value, you just do it. You just do it. Like, if, you know, on the season, in a cap, Markkanen's ranked 27th. He hasn't played that well lately. He's more of, like, in the 50 range over the past month. But if, you know, if you if if someone wants to trade you Kristaps Porzingis, if someone wants to trade you Fred VanVleet or something like that, or someone else in that range who you don't think is gonna get shut down, maybe Evan Mobley. I think you just do that just to be safe. Alright. We are at the point of the season now. It's where we're being asked, the associate Michich or Trey Mann. And this is a big question. I mean, these are these are 2 guys that are going to swing fantasy leagues. So first and foremost, you know, Cody Martin missed their last game and Steph Curry's missed 2 of the last 5. So I think that's been part of the recent uptick for Michich. Obviously, no LaMelo Ball as well. That's been the biggest factor. Michich started against Toronto on Sunday, 12.6 assists, 2 steals. He had 13, 7, and 2 in the previous game against Philly. I'm intrigued. He's not much of a shooter, so you got to keep that in mind. You're really looking at the assists and the steals more than anything. And Trey Mann is cooled off, right? I mean, I think that one I had delusions that this was going to be like the late season waiver pickup that that bails me out in a couple of leagues. And as by the case, you know, he's not shooting all that well. I mean, the biggest thing is, you know, the 3 point shooting tends to come and go. He didn't even take a single one against Toronto yesterday. That was a little concerning. Prior to that, he was 2 of 9 over the last couple of games. Still giving you assists, still a very good rebounder for a guy who's point guard eligible and still giving you steals. So I think these are gonna these are gonna be really comparable. But do you do you have a lean one way or the other? I mean, I would I would just lean man because the assists are how do I say they're that close? I think man just has more upside and he fits the timeline of the Hornets more. You know, like, there's zero chance man gets shut down. And I think if LaMelo does come back, then Mitch is probably the one who sees his minutes reduced. But if you are in a category league, and I think you could just pick the guy for whatever you need. You know? If you need assists, like, desperately, just pick Micic. If you need a little bit more of a rounded, like, steals, some points, some threes upside, go with man. But if you're asking me just straight up points league, everything neutral, I I'm gonna lead Trey Mann. Alright. We got a duop wreath question. See a better pickup, if Deandre Ayton continues to miss time. Ayton, as of right now, questionable to play, in their next game. So we'll see. You just never know what Deandre Ayton. They play tonight against Minnesota. They play Wednesday, Friday, Saturday. So 4 game week for Portland. So let's say it's, you know, wreath versus Jabari Walker. You know, in points leagues, they've been pretty comparable. Walker's been a little bit better, you know, in category leagues. I could see why you might lean wreath, you know, in his 13 starts this season, 12 and a half point, 6 and a half rebounds, 1 block, 1.7 threes. I I still think I would probably rather own Jabari Walker. It's close, like, fantasy point per minute wise. Reath actually has the advantage, but Reath also has not really shown that he can play extended minutes partially because he is a foul machine. Like, you look at his game logs, 13 minutes, 3 follows. 13 minutes, 3 follows. 13 minutes, 3 follows. Like, all the time. And Walker can play multiple positions. Reese can only play 1. So no matter who gets hurt or who sits out in Portland's front court, Walker can get more minutes. The only way Reece is getting more minutes is if Deandre Ayton sits. So I would I think I would rather lean Walker even if Reece has moderately more, like, per minute upside. Okay. Last thing I want to hit quick, Alex, before we jump out of here, you know, we talked last week about, you know, who's going to be the number one pick? How, you know, how much do you have to consider Victor Wabanyama for that number one pick? I feel pretty strongly that that he'll be in that mix. But looking at the 1st round overall, you know, there's there's not as much turnover in fantasy basketball in round 1 as there is in fantasy football where, like, you know, Austin Ekeler was going like number 3 overall this year and he's going to go like number 70 and in 2024. Like that doesn't really happen very often, you know, in fantasy basketball, like any major changes. I'll read you the top 12 picks on average across ESPN, CBS, Yahoo, Underdog and Fan Track. We're pulling from all those. You can go check out our ADP report page on rotor wire. Jokic, Doncic, Giannis, Tatum, SGA, Embiid, Halliburton, Curry, Sabonis, Davis, Durant, Edwards. Those would be your top 12. But keep in mind, this is kind of a blend of points leagues, the category league. So that's that's why Giannis is up there at 3. If if what what began was going in the 1st round, I'm going to tell you that right now. And, you know, there'll probably be 1 or 2 other players who maybe work their way into that mix. Who drops out? Like, is there anybody in that group that you say, alright. Maybe I'm I'm not touching them in that range next year. I think I think so. I think Sabonis, I look. He's really good. His floor is so high. I just think people are gonna ask themselves, would I rather have Sabonis or this other guy who has higher upside and they're a lot of time to like, would you rather have Sabonis or AD? I'd rather have AD. Would you rather have Sabonis or Curry still Curry? We're gonna have Sabonis or Wembanyama still Wembanyama. Sabonis or Duran, I probably just take KD. So I think to me, out of those 12 guys that you listed, it probably I think it will be Sabonis that that does fall out. And partially because in category leagues, it's just not he's just only good at, like, 2 things. I no. 3 things. I mean, scoring, rebounding assists. Yeah. But he's giving you nothing defensively. That can be a problem, you know, with centers, but, I think his upside is just really capped. I think for me it would be Kevin Durant. And I was kind of beat the drum of like, I don't know if I'd take him in the 1st round this year. And, you know, that has not been a great call because he's been the 7th most valuable fantasy player in total value, not per game. He's always, he's always great per game. But he stayed pretty healthy this year. He's looked like himself. I I just the recent history strongly suggests that he's going to miss more time next year. You know? I mean, you could say the same about LeBron and AD and some other guys. I get that. But, you know, Durant has not finished in 1st round value since 2019 in fantasy because of all the time missed. And, you know, one of those, he missed a complete season. So I think he would be the guy where you look at he's probably, you know, if things finish as they do, it'll be a top ten fantasy guy yet again. I just I think that would be the one I would say where I'm saying, look, I love the way he plays. I don't I don't even think he's going to, like, drop off a cliff next year, even even though he's going to get older. I think he could somewhat follow the LeBron path and play really well close to age 40 if he wants to. But I just think the health track record suggests that it might go the other way in 2024. Yeah. I think I think that's that's completely fair. And I think people will start feeling that way about Curry, you know, I think people are going to be freaked out by Embiid next year. Yeah, I think, you know, I think a lot like last year or this year, I should say draft season. If you can, you know, some leagues, I I forget what they call it, but you can pick the draft slot that you want. And FPKC Any s like that. Yeah. Kentucky Derby. Yep. Yep. I think this is I think next year is gonna be another year where it's like, I wanna pick in the top 5 or I want to be on the turn. I don't wanna deal with picks like 6 through 11. It's just I feel like I'm always gonna make the wrong choice. You know, if I pick at 12 and Curry falls to me, oh my god. I got Curry at the turn. Same with Kevin Durant. I don't feel bad about Kevin picking cam Kevin Durant at 12. Do I wanna pick him at 7? Not really. So that's I feel like that's the way fantasy basketball, at least within the past year or 2, is is starting to trend. Yeah. I like that call a lot. And, yeah, if you're if you're in a league like the FBC where you could pick your your draft slot, that presents another interesting strategy piece. Alright. A couple more messages that we'll we'll, you know, read here and then be on our way out. Cool. Nice things in the chat. We we gotta acknowledge these. Matt says, thanks. You guys have been a big help all season, win or lose. It's much appreciated. I appreciate you saying that, Matt. We love doing this. Love helping you guys out. Hopefully it's been valuable. Christopher says, Hey guys, great listening to you all year. The show's been here every week. Playoff starts. I lost Barnes and Booker. And he also adds that he, lost Jaren Jackson, who, by the way, it looks like he's gonna miss his 3rd straight game. So that one, we've seen this coming, Alex. This this may be the beginning of the shutdown. There's a reason that I flipped him last week for for Shangoon. But, yeah, Christopher, condolences. That's that's brutal. You know, to lose Scottie Barnes and now Devin Booker, the week the playoffs starts, it is what it is, man. And the Jared Jackson thing, you know, that's kind of felt like a slow motion car crash all year. And, you know, it's tough because he hasn't even played that badly, but it's just the context of the season is just not been what we thought it would be for Memphis. Last thing here, Matt chimes in and says whoever gets one next year gets Wendy. I think I think he's going to be the most popular number one pick. I really do. Like, barring some sort of injury between now and then, I get the security of Jokic. I get the security of Doncic. I mean, I wouldn't take Tatum number 1, but, you know, he's been he's always, you know, top 7 guy. Feels like every year never miss his time. SGA started to feel that way. So what what do you think would be the share? Like, let's say you have a 100 leagues. How many does Wenbanyama go number 1? Well, I will say before I answer that, over the past 30 days, Wenbanyama is the number 1 fantasy player in a cat per game. Here we go. Above Doncic Jokic. I think if a 100 leagues draft, he goes number 1, probably in, like, 60 to 75, partially, because I think people not only is he a, I think, a worthy number one pick in, like, all league formats, but it's super fun to roster also. Right. And I think that matters. Like, we're predicting what other people will do to an extent. Yes. And, you know, we're gonna we always do a bunch of mock draft content, you know, before the season starts. I I'm gonna I'm gonna go on record right now. The first mock draft that we do, Wenbinama will go number 1. It will happen. There's no question. Whoever has the number 1 pick will pick Wenbinama. That is a great point. And it's exactly what I was going to say, which is there's a there's like a I want to be the first one. I want to be the guy that takes the number one factor. Whereas, you know, Jokic, it's like if you said like, is there a better percentage chance that Jokic, like, returns value at number 1? I would say yes. Just because, you know, when we now was so young and, you know, we're still there's still some injury concern, I think, with his body. But there's also a chance that he, like, lapsed the field in the way Jokic was a couple of years ago. And he's averaging 4 blocks a game and 2 and a half steals to go with, you know, 22 and 135. I mean, it's it's crazy to just dream on what the upside is with with Wemenyama. You know, the 3 point shooting's been better lately as well. And, like, yeah, you you wanna be the guy that takes it. You wanna be in on the ground floor. It's more exciting to roster him than it is Jokic at this point. So yeah. Well, I think you're right. I think 70 to 75 percent of leagues, he'll be the number one pick. And depending on how this season finishes, you know, maybe that's even higher by the time we get to next fall. Last question here from Daniel. He says, I have Jaren Jackson too. Would Cat be a good trade for him? Yes. If you can get Cat for Jaren Jackson, do this right now. You'll probably have to aim lower would be my answer because I think anybody who's paying attention, you know, kinda knows the risks here. Right? So that's I I was trying to trade him before last week. I'm glad I stuck it in before this latest absence because this this feels like the start of if it's not a complete shutdown, they're gonna be very cautious. There's no reason for him to be playing every game and playing 35 minutes tonight the rest of the way. Yeah. I agree. Yeah. Trade for cat if that's on the table. If you want someone who's better defensively, that's a good question. Yeah. Because you'd be losing Jaren Jackson's, you know, one and a half blocks and his his his one point one steals. I mean, I don't know if there's a great deal, but you could maybe try to get Jaren Jackson or excuse me. Trade Jaren Jackson. Jared Allen. I can't read. Yeah. Jared, like a Jared Allen type. You know, I don't know what you're you're sort of, like, interested in, like, a Brook Lopez is, Miles Turner. If someone's gonna, like, you know, I mean, it feels like you're gonna lose if you have j g, triple j and you trade for Miles Turner. But, again, it's all league dependent. I think you're gonna have to take what feels like a loss and just hope that you make it up in games played. And the guy that you're the guy that you're getting plays 20 out of 22 games the rest of the way and Jared Jackson plays 11. You know, you're going to win that deal even if you're getting the worst player. So I think you're right. I mean, don't be I wouldn't be scared off. You know, obviously, you don't want to go too low. Like, don't trade him for Daniel Gafford. We're not saying that, But there is a real, real risk, I would say at least a 50% risk that he's like borderline unstartable somebody because the status is either out or completely up in the air. All right. That'll do it today. Good questions all around, guys. Appreciate the kind words. We we enjoyed doing this with everybody all season. We'll, of course, keep doing it, through the end of the regular season and into the playoffs. So we are we are not done yet. We have we'll do some concept episodes. You know, we'll do mock drafts. We'll do you know, what is the first 25 picks look like next year? We'll we'll kind of mix in more of that look ahead content, big picture content going forward. But we'll so we do it 5 episodes a week, at least through the end of the regular season. So you could catch doctor a tomorrow. You could catch myself or Brandon Kravitz on Wednesday. Doctor a and Rick Kamla on Thursday, and then Alex, Ken, and Shannon doing the waiver wire on Friday.