What's going on, everybody? Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz here with you. I always wanna point your direction, Brandon, but it's, like, you know, disorienting on my end, and I'm always pointing the wrong way. So I'm just gonna point forward, and we'll just kinda go neutral. We're here with you. It's Wednesday morning. We do this podcast, the fantasy basketball podcast. In fact, every Wednesday morning. Brandon, I know it's been a crazy week for you. You've been at NFL owners meetings. You got, an Orlando Magic game to attend tonight. You know, we're at the point in the fantasy season now where, you know, hopefully, everybody listening. If you've been listening, you're probably, you know, lapping the field, winning your league. You're in the fantasy finals. But, you know, these last couple weeks, we're getting a lot of Trey Man questions, a lot of questions, a lot of questions. So we are happy to answer those. Throw them in the chat. But we'll talk a little bit about, you know, bigger picture items, the NBA playoffs, what's going on, this week, and, you know, kinda look forward to the 2024, 25 Fantasy season. So keep keep the questions coming in the chat. You guys make this, a really fun pod for us to do each week. We'll answer as many of those as we can throughout the pod. I wanna dive right in, Brandon. The Milwaukee bucks last night. My goodness. There was, like, 3 separate times I thought this game was officially locked up for Milwaukee. They led by 19, 2 separate times, including, like, midway through the Q4. There are a couple games that are are candidates for this title, but I I think this may be the worst loss of the year for Milwaukee. Yeah. I'm, I I don't have the ranking in front of me, but it's certainly towards the top, especially as they enter this part of the season where they really need to start ramping things up so that they're at the best version of themselves going into the playoffs. This was one of those games that I had circled of I wanted to bet the Milwaukee bucks and just didn't end up pulling the trigger. I was on a Giannis prop last night that was a point away from hitting, which is so frustrating, especially in the double overtime game. Over 29 and a half points, the guy scores 29 and and goes for a season high in rebounds. Should've taken the PRA. We'll live to fight another day. But, yeah, I mean, that loss was atrocious. I had some sleep to catch up on last night. I'm watching this game, and it's a blowout in the Q3. I'm like, good. Okay. So I don't need to pay attention to this. I'll just go to bed. I wake up and look at the score and go, what in the world happened? And without LeBron James as a factor here, Austin Reeves went crazy with a triple double, and I just, what happened to the Milwaukee bucks offense? That Q4 was horrendous. It really was, man. And, you know, I've I've been the guy who's saying, like, yeah, I really, you know, I really like this version of Dame that we're seeing since the all star break. And that is true for the most part. Dame has has looked more like himself. You know? Chris Haynes, who's doing sideline for the game last night on TNT, you know, had a some might say a great story. Others would say, I don't know if this is ideal. But, basically, you know, there's a game a couple of weeks ago where, you know, Doc Doc Rivers was doing offense, defense substitutions at the end of the game as most coaches do. And, apparently, Dame, you know, kind of gave him an earful and said, look. Don't take me out, man. I I live for these moments. I wanna be on the court defensively. On the one hand, I like that. Yeah. You you certainly like that mindset from Damian Lillard. On the other, I don't know that I want him out there for key defensive possessions. He's the effort's been there. He's just you know, he's not a good defender. Right? And we we saw that last night. You know, the the Bucks not only could not score. That was the primary issue. I mean, they had 4 or 5 possessions with about, you know, with, like, under 3 minutes left where it's like, if you just get a bucket, the game's probably out of reach, and they just couldn't do it. You know, I thought it was a obviously, the stat line for Giannis looks great. It was not a great Giannis game. If you watched, especially late, he kinda looked like he was out of gas, maybe wasn't a 100%. Missed a lot of, what my 6th grade basketball coach would refer to as chippies around the rim, including one where, you know, in regulation, great pass from Khris Middleton. Kinda looked like Giannis was in in the right position to catch an alley oop and and lay that in. You know, after the game, he implied he got fouled. There was definitely a little bit of a hold and a grab by Anthony Davis. I think that did affect Giannis, but he just didn't really look like himself last night. And the Bucks needed a closer, and, you know, Dame, he hit a big 3 to tie it. I think that sent it to the to the second overtime. I don't even remember. But weird game from Giannis. Weird game from Dame. Not not a great night for Khris Middleton who, of course, you know, gets a longer leash. He's working his way back. But, I I still think the decision making by Dame is is a little off. Like, there's there's some of these threes where you're like, alright. He's open, and then it passed it at the last second. The times that he decides to shoot is the times that you feel like he should pass. So I my concern, Brandon, is that we're we're, like, 70 some games into the season, and it feels like the Bucks are still working out, you know, the the crunch time offense and Middleton missing so much time. Maybe that's a part of it. But, man, you know, I I would like to say you watch a team like Boston and you think they don't have these issues, but Boston just blew a 30 point lead the other night to the Atlanta hawks. So maybe we shouldn't overreact. Yeah. But they what they do, poorly happens so few and far between. We end up with question marks about the bucks seemingly every other week, if not more frequent than that. And they're the same sort of questions that have been around since the start of the year, whether it's been Adrian Griffin or Doc Rivers as the head coach. We know that this team is not gonna win a championship because of what they bring defensively. They they change the structure of their roster so that they would be better in clutch situations on the other side of the ball. And now when that side craters, they don't really have an answer or a way to keep up, and that seems to be the biggest issue. Damian Lillard over the course of this past month is shooting 40% from 3 point range. So you can't say that there's the numbers don't back it up, that his 3 ball isn't falling. But just watching the it's it's to me, it's a confidence thing. And and I don't think percentages can necessarily back that up. Although his overall season percentage from 3 point range is as low as it's been in this many games played in his entire career. So maybe there is an issue, and may maybe the numbers can tell a little bit of that story. But more than anything, it's an eye test thing. I don't see the same level of confidence and assertiveness from Amy and Lillard. So whether that's a chemistry 3 a thing or an age thing, this is why I thought this time of the year, this would be a great time to bet the Milwaukee bucks because they are entering a a portion of the year where they should be more talented than every team they go up against, and they really need to figure themselves out. So they get to use this final 10 games as sort of like a a preseason ramp up to the season that actually matters. That's what makes last night's game so disappointing because it did seem like they were trending towards actually checking that box, and then they blew it. And they're right back to square 1. Yeah. I I think there are a lot of reasons that Milwaukee made the decision to bring in Damian Lillard and, of course, send out Drew Holiday. Maybe near the top of that list was you thought you were done with the, you know, horrendous shooting games from your starting point guard. I mean, you didn't bring Damien for him to go 9 of 29. 9 of 29, 3 of 14 last night from beyond the arc. 27 points on 29 shots. I know it's just one game. It'll it'll be just fine. Like you said, that the shooting numbers have been much better over the last month or 2 than they were during that 2 month stretch when he really struggled. Like, I I don't wanna overreact to one game. But, yeah, I mean, these are supposed to be the Dame moments. Right? It's like you had you had 3 opportunities in in regulation at the end of the first overtime, and then, you know, in the waiting minutes of the second overtime where it's like, alright. This is this is what Dame Miller does. These are the moments that Dame lives for, and he just it just didn't look comfortable. I think that's the right way to put it. On the Lakers side of things, I mean, you gotta give credit here. I mean, this is the second time in 3 weeks that the Lakers have beaten the Bucks without LeBron James. D'Angelo Russell did his thing. You know, we handed out the over 7 and a half assists last night on the rotor wire NBA show. He did need overtime in order to hit it, but he that he has now hit that in 9 straight games when LeBron has not played. Nine consecutive games. I just spent in the lock of all locks. When LeBron is out, just whatever D'Angelo Russell's assist prop is, take that. He had 29 and 12. 29, 14, and 10 for Austin Reeves in 48 minutes. And Anthony Davis, man, this was one of those games. And what separates Anthony Davis from Giannis, Jokic, Embiid, etcetera, you know, the the the elite of the elite big men is the consistency is not there. But this was one of those reminders of, like, PK Anthony Davis to me is is in that tier. Like, you know, when when you get his best game, he's just as good, I think, as those guys and only had 4 blocks last night. It it felt like more. I mean, in terms of shots altered at the rim, he was kinda limping around for the end of Q4 through both overtime periods. Did a couple of huge threes for the lakers down the stretch. He finished with 34, 23, 2 assists, 2 steals, and 4 blocks. I I think you could argue this was maybe his most impactful game of the entire season. Yeah. And I think any coach that you ever talked to would tell you that the the block is what shows up in the stat sheet. What doesn't show up is the fear that is created from an offensive player after their shot gets blocked, and they go and might have, some room to get to the paint and then they decide to jack up a a lower percentage shot or pass the ball off. That's that's the real impact of a guy that's blocking shots left and right. And when Anthony Davis is on his a game, he terrifies competition of going into the paint. When you have your best offensive player in Giannis who lives there, that creates and and then when he's kicking it outside, you get a nice cold Damian Lillard doesn't exactly create the best recipe for success on offense for the Milwaukee bucks. Yeah. So Milwaukee, 11 games behind Boston. Celtics have already clinched the number one seed in the east. I think that was that was a foregone conclusion. Last night didn't really change that, and I I do still like the bucks chances to be the 2. But, yeah, these are the games that that kinda stick in your craw. Right? When somebody asks, hey. Can can the Bucks beat the Celtics? You're like, well, these are the games that that make you worry a little bit. But, I'm not the last man. I don't think they can either. I I I think they can. I don't think they will. You know? To me, I would say I I've I've been saying the last couple weeks. I think Boston wins that series 7 out of 10 times. What what would you say? Yeah. I'd probably bump it up 1 or 2 just to be different. 8 8 out of 9 8 or 9 times out of 10. Yeah. Certainly, Milwaukee can win when you have a player that's as good as Giannis and, and another that can get as hot as Damian Lillard can, but this Boston team just they're better defensively clearly, than Milwaukee is. And if they get into a 3 point shooting contest with Milwaukee, they'll win that too. So Right. Unless there's just no answer for Giannis, I don't I don't see how how Milwaukee wins 4 games out of 7 against that team. Yeah. And and certainly that was not the goal for Milwaukee to be like, alright. Let's give ourselves a 10% chance to beat the Boston Celtics this year. I I think you're feeling like that was, at least going to be a 5050 proposition, but, you know, we'll we'll see how our opinions change, if at all over these next few weeks. Golden State got a big win last night. Absolutely needed this one to to stave off, falling into a tie with the Houston Rockets. They now, for the time being at least, preserve their their one game lead for the final play in spot in the west. They do play the rockets, in about a week for the the final head to head matchup. Still just kind of a a a weird game for golden state. And they end up winning this one handily. No Jimmy Butler. No Tyler Herro, of course. No Duncan Robinson for Miami. Nonetheless, though, I I think if you're a Golden State fan, you'll take it. You'll take anything at this point. Not a great game from Curry, though. 3 of 10 from 3, 17 points for him. He's really slowed down over the last month. Yeah. And I'll see him, I'll see him at the arena tonight. So curious to see how they're able to bounce back from, the 2nd night of a back to back. Not so much a bounce back in that they they won, but they gotta get right back on the horse and travel north. It's it's tough whenever you go back to back in general in the NBA. But 2 teams that pride themselves on the defensive end that kinda wanna ugly up games, I think makes life that much tougher. You love when you can get these these rare glimpses of the past from guys like Klay Thompson, and, I think Draymond Green overall has been playing better Yeah. And and doing what he does, rebounding and passing the ball and playing good defense. Andrew Wiggins, a decent night last night, 17.7 rebounds. He still feels like he sort of lost in the mix, but I think the when you get you get enough good performances from the old veteran stars, Jonathan Kuminga to me is the x factor to all of this. This team is still staying afloat because of what they have found. They finally found something that I think is now reliable going forward in the future of Golden State when and whatever this roster looks like. You'd think Jonathan Kuminga is sort of carving out that role for himself the way that he's playing. So golden state's got the Florida back to back. They play at your Orlando Magic tonight. Still liking what we're seeing from the Magic, man. I I I don't know if there's anything they could do to convince me. Like, alright. This team, you know, for sure is going to win a 1st round series. I think, you know, it's been so long since this team has been remotely competitive in the playoffs that I think there's kind of a a proven factor with Orlando. But, look, we've been tracking the the coach of the year odds. As you know, Jamal Mosley's down to 6 to 1. Now about a month ago, he was 52 to 1. So, hopefully, you you heeded our advice and, you know, threw that bet in. Maybe you could hedge it. I don't know if he's gonna win it. Dagnold's, like, minus 150 or minus 450, excuse me, which is ridiculous to me, for a number of reasons. I think there's too much talent on that OKC team. I think Jamal mostly embodies exactly what the coach of the year award is. But, what what is our state of the union, and what you've seen from Orlando lately, and and do you like their chances to take down Golden State tonight with the rest advantage? Yeah. They're in a really good spot in the year to rack up some wins because they are they are young and inexperienced enough to not let the bad opponents come in and get down for those games because they still remember being one of those teams, so they tend to get up for games like that. And then when you have a game like tonight where you've got the stars in the building and some, national spotlight attention, they tend to get up for those too. My concern is that when the lights have been turned up the brightest this year. So that hasn't really happened all that much for this magic team as good as they've been, and they've been excellent on their home floor. If you're betting them, they're the best against the spread team in the NBA this year. So you've been cashing tickets on the magic in that regard, but they were they were in prime time against the Oklahoma City thunder a little while. That was about a month ago when Shaq's jersey was retired in the rafters. And they got font. In the wrong font. Yes. And they got smacked in that game. There was another game where they were on NBA TV against the New York Knicks at MSG with a win would have taken them up ahead of New York in the standings for the first time all year. They got smacked by the Knicks in that game. So 2 opportunities in what you would consider sort of a playoff attention level environment, and they did not show up for those games. So what does this team look like when they get to the playoffs? There are definitely still questions looming there. I think anybody that would tell you you've got full on confidence, they're gonna press through the at least the first round. You just don't know until you see it. They're definitely good enough to do it. I think if they're matched up with the Knicks, they they do match up well with them. 3 and 1 against New York this year in the regular season series. So that would be my my state of the union address is this team is probably gonna rack up a bunch of wins to the end of the regular season. They will be able to escape the play in, and then you just keep your fingers crossed that the regular season version of this team is the one you see, not the lights are too bright version. Yeah. I mean, there are 3 and a half games clear of the final play in spot, which is nice. And they have 11 games left. You know, mathematically speaking, they they should be in a good spot to to at least avoid that. And I hope we get Knicks Magic as our 45. I think that would be a fascinating series. That is a series that would be played there. I think if if if it goes 7 games, I would say at least 4 games are played in the eighties. Probably. Yes. Yes. That thing could Maybe that's what the NBA wants. I I don't know. But those are 2 teams that get after it defensively, not afraid to slow the pace down whatsoever. I think that would be a fantastic series. Couple other big games last night. We only had 4 on the slate, but they were all impactful. OKC New Orleans was fascinating. No Brandon Ingram, of course, for the Pelicans. Zion, massive game, 29 and 10. 10 assists, that is. 5 rebounds and 3 steals. Played 39 minutes. I I love the version of Zion that we're seeing. Right? This is starting to look more like Duke Zion. And it's not only that the passing has come along and, you know, not having Ingram is is a big part of that, but, defensively, you know, the numbers are starting to be there too. I think that was one of one of the primary criticisms. Number 1 being he can't stay healthy. Number 2 being he he needs to lose weight. But even when Zion was was playing and playing well in years past, it was, alright. We we see the flashes. We we understand this guy's a complete bully. He shoots 65%. He can't be stopped in the lane. But a big part of his prospect profile coming out of Duke was you know, maybe this guy's not, like, a a a great defender per se, but he racks up steals. He he could test shots at the rim. And early in his career, it felt like that was just not there. That's starting to to now become a lot more frequent for him. Yeah. This is really the 1st full season that we've seen from him in good shape. It for the first time since he was drafted in 2019. At at the beginning, he was just trying to figure out how to be an NBA player, I think, for anybody no matter your hype level. It's and maybe, Victor Wimbunyama notwithstanding. It's tough to figure that out in year 1, then the pandemic hits that shortens the season. And for the people I've I I had a chance to talk to a member of the Pelicans crew the last time they were in town, and he said that he noticed a really big difference from him after the all star break specifically because it was the first time that they they went a couple of weeks without seeing Zion in person where the next time you saw him, he was smaller, not bigger. And this had been a regular problem that if Zion went you know, if there was a break, whether it be off season or all star or injury, the next time you saw Zion around the building, that man was ballooning up. And then this was the first time where he he stayed at home. All he did was work out and eat good. That's all this man did during the all star break, and you see the way that he's playing since then. The fitness is catching up with him. I think he's realizing that maybe some of the people that are around him that were yesing him to death, he had to sort of remove that from his inner inner circle, and and now starting to listen to the advice of veterans on the team, guys like Brandon Ingram and Larry Nance that are starting to coach him along, as the the sort of teammates that he should be leaning on. And this is the kind of player that you thought you would get coming out of Duke. It seems like he's finally figured it out. It took a few years, but the, the potential is is clearly shining through at this point. It all comes down to this man wanting to put his body in position to play like this, and right now he is. We gotta give credit to the veteran influence of Cody Zeller, I think, for for getting Zion No. No. Straight and narrow here. But, no, it's been fun to watch, man. This this feels like, you know, pretty easily the best 2 month stretch of his career. And, you know, we're not even that far removed. Like, this past off season of people saying, like, man, I should look to get off Zion. Like, man, what what can you get for Zion right now? It's like, well, that that feels a little silly in retrospect when when you see, you know, what this guy is capable of. Thunder ended up winning. That he's willing to put the work in. You know? Like, when he wasn't and I don't think it was that crazy. But, yeah, I'd much rather put him in the gym than put him on the trade block, and and it seems like that part worked out. Still 23 years old, by the way. You know, we're we're not talking about somebody who's who's 27 here. Thunder win this game. They are still number 2 in the Western Conference right now. They're half game behind Denver. Is there anything OKC can do down the stretch to to fully convince you that this is a a potential NBA finals team? Because they you could just see this narrative emerging. Right? Like, they're they're in all likelihood, gonna be the 2 seed, maybe the 3, maybe the 1 that they're not falling below 3. You know, that could mean a matchup with Dallas. That could mean Sacramento. Could be Phoenix. Could be the Lakers. Could be the Warriors. You know, like, they they to me kinda feel like this year's Memphis. Right? Where it's like, oh, man. Memphis gets the Lakers in round 1. I I don't even I were the lakers favored? I don't I don't remember if they were ultimately favored in the series or if Memphis was a slight favorite, but there are a lot of people who rightfully said, lakers are gonna win the series. I think OKC is better. You know? I I I think they're they're certainly a better starting 5, than the grizzlies were thrown out in the playoffs last year. They were a little banged up, but I I feel like we're gonna go down that same road again. And I I think I I trust OKC more than I do that Memphis team. But as far as, you know, teams that are gonna win 55, 56 games, you know, they've been in the top 2 in the west basically the entire year. It still feels like there's gonna be a, alright. We we we actually need to see it in the playoffs before we fully buy in. Absolutely. Because it's a completely different game. These teams that they're they're like the magic, but better. You know, this their upside is the NBA finals. For Orlando's upside, it's making it out of round 1. So this team definitely has the ability to get there, but they both have the same questions. Okay. You have been very impressive throughout the regular season. What do you do when you're playing the same team every other night and and you're and you're not going as deep into your into your bench because your starters are playing heavier minutes? And now that that doesn't necessarily mean a bad thing for the OKC side because their starters are great, but it does mean that you don't get to beat up on a bad bench because there's so many of them in the NBA. And OKC has been feasting off of that throughout the course of the year. The starters play heavy minutes. So you get us if you play, Kawhi Leonard and Paul George, you're gonna see a whole lot more of those guys. What does that look like come playoff time to shake Gilgeous Alexander's play drop off or step up when you get to that stage? Those are questions that we would all just be venturing a guess as to what that would look like in more so than in any other sport. You do not know what a team is gonna be able to produce in the playoffs unless you've seen them in the playoffs before because it's just such a different game. And that's the thing with the Western Conference is that the guys we've seen there are on bad teams overall. LeBron, Steph Curry, Kevin Durant. We're not really buying into those rosters right now. Then you have young teams that haven't proven anything. Minnesota has not proven that their offense will show up in the playoffs. OKC, we haven't even seen what it looks like yet. The New Orleans Pelicans, no idea what that what version of that team is gonna show up in the postseason. So if you talk about trust in the west, I can't trust OKC yet. I think they could get there, but I can't say I trust them. Denver is the defending champion, so that one speaks for itself. And Kawhi is one of the greatest postseason performers I've seen in my entire life. Outside of that, I'm throwing my hands up when it comes to the Western Conference. Well, and even, you know, the Clippers are, what, 8 and 10 since the all star break. You know, the Suns are starting to to to fade as well. I think we have more questions about some of these teams that we thought would be contenders and still are. You know, I'm I'm not writing off the Clippers by any means as long as they're healthy, but it's starting to feel more and more to be like Denver is going to to be able to march through this. And it's it's gonna be a a difficult road, but I I think you've we've seen a couple reminder games. I call them from the Nuggets over the last few weeks where you're like, okay. This, you know, this team could turn it on when they need to. You think of that that win over the Lakers and a win over the Heat, that win over the Celtics, which was, you know, one of the most impressive wins any team's had all season. But, yeah, the west is deep, but I it's it's just hard to it's hard to latch on to one of these teams right now and say, man, I I could really see them beating the Nuggets in a 7 game series. I will say for OKC, in all likelihood, they're gonna dodge the Lakers in round 1. I think that would be the nightmare matchup for them. They're 1 and 3 against LA straight up. They really struggle with the Lakers size. And, you know, the the fact that the Lakers, if they if they get in, will likely be the 8 seed and and probably face Denver, which good luck with that one. But, you know, if OKC stays at the 2 or the 3, there's almost no chance they would play LA in round 1. I I I think they'll take their chances with a team like Phoenix or Sacramento or Dallas, but those are still, you know, close to top, you know, toss-up type of series to me despite OKC being 7 or 8 games better than those teams in the regular season. I I will say I think in terms of the betting market, I think OKC 7 to 1 to represent the Western Conference is still really good. I think that's the best betting value Sure. Because of how good this team has been. If they don't if they are unchanged from the, environment of regular season to postseason, they can they can win this. It should be if if you could promise me that they're gonna play the exact same way, it should be even money across the board between them and the Denver Nuggets, in my opinion. But the reason why you're getting that discount is that we've never seen them in the playoffs. So I would bet, personally They are 3 and 1 against Denver during the regular season, which is interesting, but I also think, like, who who guards Jokic in a playoff series? Right? It's like, I I guess, by default, it's Holmgren, but they like, the fact that they went out and got Gordon Hayward at the deadline, I I get it. You got it basically for free. I just they needed a better backup center. You know? And I I think they they needed to plan for that potential Jokic series or that potential, you know, Anthony Davis series. And I I just I don't know if they've insulated themselves well enough for that. But, I mean, talent level wise, there's no question. The other thing I would say, and this is not necessarily a knock, and and this was the case for them last year for the most part. They've been the healthiest team in the NBA. You know, I think they've missed, like, 12 total games among their starters, and, like, Jalen Williams accounts for half of those. Yeah. I I think Chet's missed, like, 1 or 2 games. SGA's missed 1 or 2. Like, that that certainly helps. Right? This has been a a overall pretty healthy season for the NBA, thankfully. But, you know, when when you're the healthiest team in the NBA, you're you're naturally, you know, going to to going to end up, you know, winning more games. So that's something to keep an eye on, you know, as we as we get closer to the playoffs. I do wanna touch real quickly on Dallas, Sacramento. This is the first of 2 matchups over the next couple of days for these teams. They are the 67 right now in the Western Conference. Dallas, a game up by virtue of blowing out the Kings in Sacramento last night, 132 to 96. I mean, this one was over early in the Q4. I I think the Kings are another one of those teams. Right? They're they're kind of like OKC. Obviously, they were in the field last year, ended up losing to Golden State. I think we like what we see with the Kings. Everybody loves to hear Fox. We love DeMantis Sabonis. Another team that I just I don't see anybody saying, yeah. You know what? Sacramento Kings. Yeah. Give me give me them over the Thunder. Give me them over the Timberwolves in a playoff series. Yeah. Well, why would you? You know? This was a this was a team that it it seemed like last year was the year for them without hot they were to at least break out of the first round. Now, unfortunately, for them, they ran into the golden state warriors who were not completely dead yet, and pushed that series to that was an incredible series. Maybe my favorite of the entire postseason last year. But this year, they're worse almost across the board. They're middle of the road on defense, and they've gotten a little bit better defensively than they were a year ago, but not good enough to where you say I just feel so good about what they're bringing on that on that end. And offensively, they've been kinda middle of the pack. They've slowed the pace down. They're not they don't score at that toward pace they did a year ago. I don't know exactly what has changed. I think maybe they're trying to play more of a playoff style. If that works out for them, then great. But right now, there's no reason to watch Kings basketball and go, I have infinitely more confidence in them now than I did a year ago. I thought they could be one of those teams that made a little bit of a run with the way that they played. I just don't see that same I don't see that same group out there even though the personalities are the same. Alright. Let's go to the chat. We'll hit a few questions here. Got some good ones. We start, with will Max Struss play tonight? Good question. He's questionable. He's been upgraded to questionable from out. Obviously, he's missed, you know, almost a month at this point. He's missed the last 12 games for the Cavs. As we always say, unfortunately, we report the news. We do not have any any inside sources at rotor wire, but I I think this is a it's a good sign. You know, when somebody misses that much time and, you know, they've kind of been ruling them out ahead of time in, you know, over the last couple of weeks, and now he's up to questionable. So I I think there's a real chance. Max Drus plays tonight. Good matchup at Charlotte. If he doesn't play tonight, I would say Friday against Philly makes sense. And then they have another game at Denver on Sunday. So, you know, if if you're considering of putting him in in in your lineup tonight, that means you're probably in a daily lineup league. So just wait. You know? Wait till you have confirmation. If he doesn't play tonight, maybe you'd have to consider dropping him because at that point, it just becomes a 2 game week. He's coming off an injury. Minutes could be limited. But, as of right now, Max Truce is questionable. Matt says, what's up, guys? What's going on, Matt? Who do you like better for a head to head points league? Bruno Fernando or Wendell Carter Junior? They both play 3 games in the next 4 days. Brandon, I'll I'll allow you to speak on Wendell Carter. I'll give you some numbers on Fernando. He's played 19 and 26 minutes off the bench these last couple of games. 25 points, 6 boards, and a block against Charlotte. 13 points, 3 rebounds against the Celtics. His value is obviously tied to, you know, what what's going on at the center spot for the hawks, and they will be without Onyeka Kungwu for at least one more game. He's game to game at this point, could return later in the week. My my knee jerk reaction would would be to say Wendell Carter, but but what say you? You you've watched him more closely than me. He is struggling right now, and, I think he was just reading the tea leaves. This is not insider information, but I I get the sense that Wendell Carter Junior was told to toughen up on defense because he's been he's been getting torched lately. And we've seen his offense dip, but I think he's looked better on the defensive end, better when it comes to grabbing key defensive rebounds and things. So I think some of his I think some of his some of his focus has shifted, and we're seeing that play out in the stats. I don't think he's playable in fantasy right now. He's just not giving you enough overall production, and it seems like he's sort of, he's deferring more than than taking an offensive onus onto himself. So I would I would look elsewhere. Okay. Yeah. It is it is a points league, so I I think you're gonna get you're gonna get a higher rebound floor with Wendell Carter, but, I mean, he scored in single digits in 4 straight games. So, you know, I I think one school thought is to say, well, if you you struggled right now, it's gonna continue. The other would say, well, it can't be any worse. You know, maybe there's a bounce back coming. They do get the next 3 at home. They play the warriors tonight, the clippers on Friday. Clippers are 28th in defense since the all star break, by the way. I mean, that seems like a tough matchup, and in theory, it is, but the numbers would say maybe it's not. And then a pretty good matchup against Memphis on Saturday. So I I do like the schedule here for Wendell Carter. If you could go game to game, you know, maybe you go Fernando tonight because, you know, for sure, Okung Wu is out. And then if you have the ability to to to swap in Wendell Carter for Friday, Saturday because Okungwu could be back, you know, later in the week for the hawks, I would go that route. Christian says, thoughts on Larry Nance junior. Is he a hold or a drop? He's getting minutes, but he's basically just been doing cardio out there. He's been going Tony snow mode. Jonas Valancunas only played 10 minutes last night. Yeah. A lot to unpack here. I mean, the Valancunas thing has been interesting. This has been a recent trend. I mean, 10 minutes is is him kind of bottoming out against OKC. And, you know, OKC tends to play smaller and maybe not a great match up for him, but they are going a lot more matchup based with Balanchunas than they were earlier in the season. When you look at his last 10 games, he's only averaging 17 and a half minutes. You know, he played 20 plus against Miami. You know, he's matching up against Bam, played 20 against Detroit the other night, you know, when was out there. But, you know, they they seem to be a lot more comfortable rolling out Nance. You know, they have so much depth in that front court. They can play small. They can go Zion at center, if they want to. You know, on the on the Nance side of things, I I always love the idea of Larry Nance. I feel like I'm always holding him in bench spots in leagues, and I'm never starting in the weeks I should, and he's on the bench when he when he plays well. I you know, he's played he's played significantly more minutes to Valancunas, so that's what makes this tough. I mean, we're talking, like, more than double the minutes of Valancunas, over the last week or so. I he's just like you said, he hasn't been doing anything. Right? I mean, he played 33 minutes last night and took 4 shots and grabbed 2 rebounds. So I I if if it if you're asking, you know, do you choose between Valancunas and Larry Nance? I I still think Valancunas he's giving you better numbers even though he's playing, like, 17 minutes a game. He's giving you more than Larry Nance. I I think he probably plays more minutes against the Bucks tomorrow. You know, they got Lopez. They got Giannis. You know, you're playing a Boston team that has some size on Saturday. So I I think given given the recent track record, even though the minutes are really concerning, I'd I'd still stick with Alan Chounis. I think that's the way to go. If you're if you look at what Larry Nance has been doing as of late, I think it just reeks of somebody that you wanna drop off of your roster. And, and maybe on a game by game situation, he'll outscore Valancunas, but will it be enough to over to sort of compensate for what the upside would be if Valancunas does go off? I I think the answer to that would be no, and you can probably find somebody else that you feel comfortable with that's floating out there on the waiver wire here in the playoffs. Alright. Kenny's Kenny says, who is the best two picks for stocks? Steals plus blocks the rest of the week. Also worried who might miss games. He gives us some options. Horford, Aldama, Isaac, and Sohan. He's in the semifinals of a 9 cat, 10 team head to head league. So we're specifically targeting, blocks and steals here. I'll let you speak first on Jonathan Isaac who's been fantastic. Yeah. He's been great, and, we've seen him take some hard spills lately. And over the course of the season, he just keeps getting right back up. So they're still gonna monitor him because it's all about having him ready to go for the playoffs. They play 3 games from now until the end of the week. I would be shocked if he played in all 3. So it really just I think if if you were guaranteed that he's clearly the answer here because you know he's gonna get you a couple of blocks and hopefully a couple of steals along the way. You you do worry about that missed game. So I would say Isaac does feel like a safe option just because while he's out there, you know he's gonna give you those numbers, but be prepared that he misses one game over the next 3. Yeah. Yeah. So the Celtics play 2 more games rest of the week with Horford. You know, that's a pretty low upside to me. Aldama's been been racking up defensive stats, but they only played twice the rest of the week. They played tonight against the Lakers and then Saturday against Orlando, which is not a not a great matchup for Memphis. So, yeah, I mean, Sohan is is in consideration here. He's averaging about one steal, a little over a block per game of late. Looking at the Spurs schedule, they play 3 more games. They have a great matchup against Utah tonight. They get the Knicks on Friday. That's a tough one. And then Golden State on Sunday, which which should be a decent matchup. I would say it's between Sohan and Isaac for me when you take the schedule into account. But are are you saying you expect Isaac to sit one half of the back to back Friday, Saturday? He, yeah. He'll sit he'll sit in one of those. Guarantee. In that case, I'll just go so on. You know, I'd take I'd take the guy that I I think is gonna play 3 games when everybody else on this list is is gonna play 2. Alright. Paul says, I have better players than my opponents do. Good. But I have fewer streaming spots. My opponent has 50 games to my 45 with Caruso and Jamal Murray questionable. I have 3 more ads to use. My droppable players are Lopez, Bruno, Fernando, and Middleton with a very dry waiver wire. What's the move here? Yeah. Again, depends on your league size. You know, if if the waiver wire is dry, I I you know, I don't know if there's a whole lot you could do here. I mean, Fernando, if if a kung fu misses the rest of the week and you get 3 games out of Fernando playing 20, 25 minutes, that could be pretty fruitful. Yeah. I'd I'd still hold Middleton. He was bad last night, but I think in general, you know, he's gonna give you what you need. Lopez has been interesting lately. You know, he's really fallen off in terms of the blocks production from earlier in the season. You know, you look at his last 10 games, one block per game, 0.5 steals, you know, barely over 10 points. Obviously, he doesn't really rebound. You'll take the threes with Lopez, but, he just hasn't really been the the same defensive force lately. They have 2 more games the rest of the week at New Orleans tomorrow at Atlanta on Saturday. So, yeah, I mean, if you wanna throw some of the waiver options in the chat, you know, we could talk through those. It's it's just hard to say who's out there. Yeah. You know, I'm just looking at some of the guys that would be commonly either available or, worth picking up. Maybe they have already been scooped. Haywood Highsmith has been stroking as of late. This guy hasn't missed a 3 point shot in his last two games, so that's somebody that you could look at. I think he's readily available. Delano Banton, out of Portland. I don't think a lot of people are are rushing to the waiver wire to go and get him, but he's been putting up some numbers lately. So those could be a couple highly, available players that you could look at that you'd feel better about today. Adithya asks, is Grayson Allen droppable after Friday to get more games in for my semis against the number one seed? This is a head to head 12 team 15 category league. You know, I I guess I don't know what the parameters are. It's like if I guess if you're are you looking for somebody who can give you more games this week specifically? You know, if you're looking for somebody who plays Saturday and or Sunday, In that case, I would say yes because you just you know, you gotta win your matchup. Right? I mean, the Suns do play a 4 game week next week. So if you if you are able to advance, you know, you you might want them out there next week. But I think if it's all about maximizing your schedule and and, you know, trying to survive in advance, you you gotta think about it. I will say there's not there's not a single team that plays a Saturday, Sunday, back to back. So you you're choosing 1 or the other. Right? There's a bunch of games. There's 10 games on Sunday. There's only 3 on Saturday. Obviously, we got college basketball going on this weekend. So if you, you know, if you drop Grayson Allen after Friday's game at OKC, I wouldn't say there's, like, one specific team where, like, go grab somebody from this team because they played both days. But it it depends who's on the waiver wire and depends what categories you need at that point. So I would wait it out. You know, we'll see where you are after Friday's games. If you're if there's, like, one category where, you know, let's say you think you can win blocks and you gotta drop Grayson Allen to go grab somebody who might block 2 or 3 shots on Saturday, I think you gotta do it. Yeah. Just be careful. You gotta know your league in this situation because if you want him back, keep in mind, he's playing 4 times next week. So, that, that would it it might be worth it to just hang on to him so that you don't have to worry about that because you're gonna want him next week. Alright. Keep throwing questions in the chat. If you got any more, we'll we'll be live for another 10 minutes or so. Brandon, I I wanna, you know, start looking ahead to next season as we get late in the year. You know, again, hopefully, everybody listening is is still live, but a lot of people may be starting to think about next season as well. And wanna talk about some guys who we may wanna avoid next season. You know, it it's because it's been such a healthy year, it's it's really tough to to point to certain players and be like, alright. There's time I do not draft list next year. I mean, LaMelo Ball is the one who comes to mind for me specifically, but most of the guys that you took high in your draft have have paid off for you for the most part. You know? I it's it one guy who who does come to mind, though, would be Nikola Vucevic. I I do wonder. It's like, is is this the year that that cliff comes, you know, after this season, whether he remains at Chicago or not? Like, it it does feel like we're trending toward him moving into a different phase of his career at some point. Like, I I don't know if there's another team in the NBA other than the bulls that would be willing to hand him this night to night role that he's had this season. Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if moving forward, Nick Vucevic is a high priced backup big in the NBA, and he'll be highly sought after for that role. But is he gonna get the kind of usage he gets in Chicago? Probably not. We've seen now 2 stops from Nick Vucevic, and both teams tend to tend to have the same level of upside. So having him as your starting center, obviously, caps your ceiling. I think teams around the league are smart enough to have that that one figured out, but he'll still have value, just not the same sort of value. I know this is, maybe controversial. I don't know. But won't you be a little gun shy in the top 5 with Joel Embiid next year? Oh, yeah. Yes. Absolutely. I would. I I don't know that pick, obviously, but I would I would hesitate before I hit the button next season. I I would too. I hesitated this year. Right? I mean, I'm I'm you're just waiting for that injury to come. And, obviously, it did this season, but he he, you know, he played so well early on that you you still, in some ways, kinda felt like you got your value out of him. You know, I'm trying to see where he ranks in total value. He put you in a good position, but, man, you were never able to replace that. No. Right. I mean, he's still a top 50 player, which is crazy because he's he's played 34 games this season, and he's still in the top 50. That's just, you know, how good he was during that span. But this is exactly what you're worried about. Right? I mean, you you just it's really hard to win a fantasy league when you're getting sub 40 games out of your your, you know, your number 2 overall pick or whatever it is. And I think the other thing is there's just so many options at the top. Right? I mean, it it kinda mirrors if you play fantasy baseball right now. It's like got Ronald Acuna as number 1, and then there's, like, 8 guys that could go in just about any order after that. So it's like not only are you taking that risk on Embiid, you're passing on what feel like complete sure things in Luka Doncic and SGA and Jayson Tatum and Giannis and and, you know, even Steph Curry who started the game a little bit. Which who would you take right tomorrow? You're on the clock right now. Who are you taking? The way I play fantasy, I would take Sabonis because I'm I'm just, you know, waiting on that Embiid injury again. And, you know, these are these are stacking up. Right? These are cumulative things that have plagued Embiid, these lower body injuries throughout his career. And, yeah, he'll, you know, probably be fully healthy at the start of next season, but this is just another thing that you, you know, kinda add to the medical history. So I'm I'm not saying I'm crossing him off. Like, obviously, there's a a a spot that I'd be willing to take Joel Embiid. But if I'm holding a top three pick, you know, it's Jokic, it's Wenbinayama. You know, if you're in a points league, it could be Giannis. Obviously, SGA is is firmly in that conversation and feels like he will be for the next decade. I I I think it would have to be I think it'd have to be outside of the top 5, to be honest, and and maybe even a little bit lower. I think that's the right range because when yeah. I mean, you got guys like Tyrese Halliburton, you know, the all of a sudden, you start to look up and go, I I I'd would just rather have this other player. Right. Love what we've seen from a lot of these other guys, Karl Anthony Towns, the season that he's had. Yeah, I don't know if you mentioned Luca, but, of course, you know, he'd be in that conversation. But, yeah, another one of the names that stands out to me of as far as a bigger name that I'm gonna be a little bit hesitant on would be Jimmy Butler. It seems like at this stage in his career, he is in playoff Jimmy mode, and Miami's completely comfortable with that. So we'll see what that looks like next season, but they play maintenance with him quite a bit. I know he dealt with some personal issues this season and all of that. I don't know what all went on there, but, it just seems like they're not in a rush to play this guy more than 70 games in a season. I I don't think they're in a rush to do it. I don't think he's in a rush to do it. And, you know, I mean, you if you drafted Butler this year, you know, in some leagues, you had to spend, late second, early third round pick on him. And, you know, the the same logic applies as far as, you know, picking in the top 10 versus the top 30. Like, there's just there's so much depth in the league right now that you're you're passing on guys who you can almost lock in for maybe 15 more games than Jimmy Butler. So I'm I'm with you there. What what are you gonna do with Zion? You know? And and are we back in on trusting Zion? Is is the are the days of the the Zion draft discount now over? Oh, yeah. No. Those are done. He's gonna he's gonna fly up the board, and I will, I will draft him with confidence in the same way that I you know, we're just trying to get ahead of it early in his career, and then and then he got burned. I think you've gotta gotta let that water flow under the bridge, so to speak. He's back. This is the guy that you thought he would be, and the Pelicans are gonna lean into this. They're not gonna not trust it. This is what they need in order to be a relevant successful franchise. So as long as you're hearing reports throughout the off season that this guy's staying in the gym, you fire away with confidence. So he he ranks as the 70th player in 8 category leagues per game this year, and, you know, that's weighted to certain categories. So, like, the free throw percentage sitting at 70 for the year, that brings him down. The lack of threes is the biggest thing, but he's in the top 30 over the last month. So I I think we still do need to be careful because I I think there is a gap between his real life effectiveness and his fantasy effectiveness because of those those two categories specifically. But, you know, he's shooting, like, 77% of the line over the last month. Like, that that to me is the biggest thing. Like, the threes, I I don't know if that's ever gonna come. We've seen Zion shoot threes. It doesn't look great. Right? He's never even even if he becomes, like, a decent 3 point shooter, it's never gonna be at the volume that it's, like, really making a huge difference for Fantasy. To me, it's about the free throws. Can he get closer to 80%. You know? Can he be a 76% free throw shooter next season? If so, more than happy to to to consider him, you know, kind of around that, like, I don't know, 25 to to 35 range. Is there anybody else? I mean, there there's some obvious ones. Right? It's like Jordan Poole. Yeah. I don't think he's gonna go in the top 40 again this year. You You know, Kate Cunningham is an interesting one to me. The if you're in a 9 cat league, the turnovers have have kinda been a problem. You know, that pushes him down the board quite a bit. You know, our rankings would tell you he's, like, the 96 best fantasy player. I I don't really know how accurate that is, but I I still have my concerns about, like, is Detroit gonna be a better team next year? I don't I don't really know if they are. Right? It's like, I I I don't worry about him being, like, shut down or anything like that. But when you're playing with g league guys around you, it it's naturally going to hurt your production. So I I'm very interested to see where he goes. Like, I I still love Kate Cunningham, the player, but I don't know if he's gonna be in a notably better situation next year. Yeah. Well, I mean, how can you have any sort of confidence in what Detroit is building over there? And he's someone that I was taking in the middle of round 2, this past draft because of the sort of, or maybe it was round 3, but it was early, and I wouldn't do it again. So he would definitely fall into that camp of guys that, you know, when it looks good, it looks great, but it's just not consistent enough. And and we don't know you know, a lot of those numbers that he has, he should be putting a monster assist numbers. But when the guys around you can't score, the those tend to sag a little bit. And, and we see we definitely see a lot of that. I'm curious to see what happens with the grizzlies guys next year in the draft because you talk about trust. I don't know how you can have any of that. Jaren Jackson junior has been doing whatever he can to keep things afloat. I know you've been dealing with that headache all season long. And I I traded him for Shangoon, which created another name. That great. We talk about a riser in next year's draft. Goodness. Right. But Ja Morant, you know, where does a guy like that go? We haven't seen him play meaningful basketball in forever, it feels. So, that could be a guy that ends up on discount mode. Alright. We'll hit a couple more questions and be out of here. Matt says, who would you drop out of we got 3 Pelicans to choose from. Nance, Marshall, and Alvarado. I I don't necessarily love any of these guys. You know, Naji Marshall is somebody you know, obviously, he's gonna pick up more minutes with no Brandon Ingram. Never has been all that consistent of a producer, but he's gonna play 22, 25 minutes a night, you would think, for the next few weeks. I would say probably Alvarado, especially in a points league. I mean, you're you're looking for the steals and, you know, some marginal assists out of Alvarado. But but in a point slate, that's a little bit mitigated. You know, he played 16 minutes last night in the competitive game. We talked about Nance. You know, it's been underwhelming with at least the minutes have been there. So I would say to me, it's between Marshall and Alvarado, and I'd go Alvarado. Yes. I would do I would agree. Their bench should be so much better than it is, and it kinda stinks. But I think Alvarado and Marshall are 2 of the better players that they're that they're using in in that second unit. Christian says, is Cam Thomas a hold, or should I drop him for Corey Kispert, Herb Jones, or Kean Ellis? He's in the playoffs. 12 team cat league. I'm worried about Cam's back injury. Yeah. Worried about a lot of things with Cam Thomas. I I watched him live in Milwaukee on Thursday. That the shot selection, I mean, not that I was surprised, but my goodness. Dude, seeing it in person, it's like you can just predict when he's going to shoot. And it's usually when he's as heavily guarded as possible. He is questionable tonight against Washington. They also play Friday Sunday. Obviously, you take this, you know, as as as far as you can, as far as waiting for that decision goes. I think if he's out tonight, you gotta think about it. I'd probably go Corey Kispert. You know, he's playing a ton of minutes lately. He's been like the one guy who's not being, you know, rotated out for rest for the for the Wizards and these minor injuries that have popped up. He's gonna give you threes. That's, you know, especially valuable in a cat league. Kinda depends what categories you're targeting. You know, if you're if you're looking for defensive stats, then obviously, Herb Jones is probably your guy. Yeah. I mean, I love what I've seen from Kean Ellis. I think the numbers back that up as far as the the win rate for Sacramento. They've been a much better team, in terms of the win loss column when he's been in the starting lineup, but he's been so inconsistent with what he's giving you in terms of fantasy production. So I think I would tend to lean Corey Kispert. You know he's gonna chuck it, and he's one of the better 3 point one of the more underrated 3 point shooters in the NBA. So I would tend to lean in that direction. I like the volume you're getting there. Mhmm. Alright. Last one. Kenny says he's in a 10 team 9 cat league. Rozier looking like a drop. Yeah. Maybe. I in a 10 team league, it becomes a little more difficult. As always, depends who's out there. I don't know that I would really be dropping Rozier. I don't know if you're gonna do a whole lot better. I know it's been a little underwhelming. Last 10 games, 18 points, 5 rebounds, 4 assists. I don't know. They'll take that. Like, the shooting hasn't been ideal. 43% from the field is not good, but it's not killing you. He's been good at the line. 3 point shooting's been a little iffy. That's the 3 point shooting is what's killed him lately. He's one of his last 12 from beyond the arc. I don't I if you drop Rosario, somebody's gonna grab him. Right? And he's got he's got 2 great matchups the rest of the week. They play Portland on Friday. They play at Washington on Sunday. I wouldn't drop him before those games, and they do have a 4 game week, each of the next 2 weeks to close out the season. So if this is a league that goes through game 82, he's he's got the best possible schedule here. So, yeah, it's it's been a little underwhelming, especially without Butler last night, but I'm not I don't think I'm dropping Rose here. Yeah. He's not blowing you away, but I think he's just victim of expectation. He's still been a decent player. He just hasn't been as good as we thought, and especially with the opportunities that he's being given with, the the heat star missing an action spot. No. I don't think he's droppable. Alright, guys. That'll do it. Good questions as always. Brandon, fun chat with you, man. Know you're gonna be in the house, for the Orlando Magic showdown against the warriors tonight, so enjoy that. Thank you. Apollo Banchero bobblehead night, by the way. Oh, no way. Alright. We're gonna need a photo of that, please. If you could tweet that out, that would be fantastic. We'll have doctor Ray and Rick Campbell back on the pod tomorrow. We'll have the usual Friday boys, Ken, Shannon, and Alex, talking waiver wire, talking what's left of the waiver wire, I should say, on Friday. But we'll continue to do these pods through the NBA playoffs. So appreciate everybody joining us. We'll talk to you next week.