Nick Wale and Brandon Kravitz here. It is Wednesday morning. It's the Roadwire Fantasy Basketball podcast talking all things NBA, believe it or not. And we had a busy busier than usual, I should say, Tuesday night in the NBA. Nine games last night. We'll go through all of our takeaways there. I'm gonna do my best to, bite my tongue when it comes to the Milwaukee Bucks who somehow lost on the road to the Washington Wizards last night. We'll talk Rockets, Timberwolves, Golden State. Know, they got a win over Dallas. They're they're in good position now to to fend off, that frisky Houston Rockets team. We're getting into some surprises, some disappointments from the Fantasy season as we we go more big picture these next few weeks and, of course, look ahead to the playoffs. Brandon, let's dive right in, man. As my good pal on the XM show, Jeff Erickson, would say, we gotta rip off the Band Aid, when it comes to the Bucks. And, you know, Doc Rivers last night said he called he called out the traveling party. He didn't even call up the team. He said, everybody that's with us, us, we're not taking these road games seriously enough. And these are the games, man. You know, it it's one thing for Milwaukee to to come up short against Boston, you know, to to falter against some of these big opponents. Every team has their slip ups. But, you know, I was talking with my my Bucks fan friends last night, and and we were saying, like, these these games just felt like they didn't happen, to the Bucks in previous years. When this team was such a juggernaut in the regular season, it felt like they would almost never be tripped up by a team as bad as the Washington Wizards. And granted, no Damian Lillard last night. I think there are some caveats if you if you really wanna make some excuses. Malik Beasley went off 2 of 13 from the field, 1 of 10 from beyond the arc. He he sunk both of my prize picks entries. I I had Malik Beasley and Corey Kispert more on 6 made threes. Well, they combined for 28 attempts, or excuse me. No. 21 attempts and, only hit 5 of those. And I also had Malik Beasley over 13 and a half points. So the the usage was there as we expected, but, I actually I actually do think I don't I don't wanna, you know, be like Malik Beasley is the reason they lost this game, but I I do think Malik Beasley, they're they're expecting him to be their back down shooter. And I I think it actually is a little bit underrated when you have a guy who you're you're feeding wide open looks throughout the game. And this has been something that's plagued Malik Beasley. But more often than not, it feels like since the all star break, especially he's had these really down games. You know, when when you lose to a team like Washington by 4 points, it's pretty easy to imagine. Like, hey. What if Malik Beasley just hit 2 or 3 more of those wide open threes? Maybe that game's different. With that said, it shouldn't come down to Malik Beasley making or missing 3 pointers, when you're talking about the discrepancy between the bucks and the wizards right now. Yeah. I blame the, I blame the equipment, guys. According to Doc Rivers, this is, this is a team wide issue, not just the players that are involved. He said he's been taking notes. I would love to take a look at that notepad. What exactly oh, okay. The the equipment guy is laughing. Let me see if I could jot that down. I mean, clearly, they have issues, with depth, I think is the biggest problem. And some of the names look the same, but the performances are not. And and you get that sort of variance with role players, so you always have to stay on top of that aspect of team building. Maybe they missed Dante DiVincenzo a little bit too much, but, you know, Damian Lillard, I don't think saves the day necessarily. You gotta be able to make hay without him, especially against the wizards. This isn't this isn't game 6 against Boston in the Eastern Conference finals. It's the Wizards. They're terrible. They just don't have enough guys right now that they can depend on outside of Giannis, and teams have learned you know, they learn how to deal with great players. Giannis can't beat you by himself, and it's gonna take That's right. A cast around it. He'd he'd certainly did, and he put up huge numbers and was really good last night. But, you know, he's not shooting threes. He's not, helping to anchor that part of the game that is clearly lacking for this team. They, they've got problems, and I I don't know if, I mean, they're kinda running out of runway here to to fix those issues. And I don't think Damian Lillard alone is is enough to really I just don't feel good about them going into the playoffs point blank. And I I think a a performance like last night to me is almost more concerning than, you know, repeatedly coming up short against Boston. Right. I think, you know, there's there's kind of things you could poke holes in for for each one of those Boston matchups and say, well, you know, they were missing the sky, whatever. I think, you know, having a slip up like this, these are the type of games that really make you wonder about their viability come the postseason. And, you know, I think the other part of this is you look at the teams that Milwaukee is likely to face in round 1. And, you know, with about 6 or 7 games remaining for most teams, it's highly, highly likely that they will face 1 of Indiana, Miami, or Philadelphia. And I don't think any of those are matchups that you love. Right? Obviously, they they have all this this recent history with the Indiana Pacers. They've been a team that's had their number all year. We know Miami. I don't think we need to go into that. That's been a team that's given Milwaukee nightmares multiple times in the postseason. And then Philly, I I actually think Milwaukee matches up fairly well with the sixers, but it's it's not a a a round one matchup that you welcome. Right? You don't wanna face Joel Embiid and and Tyrese Maxey. And when we saw Embiid, you know, return last night, certainly played more minutes than I expected. Philadelphia got the win over OKC. No SGA and no Jalen Williams. The good Jalen Williams set is for OKC last night. So, you know, we do need to mention that. But Embiid played 29 minutes. The biggest thing that stood out to me is he seems like he's still being officiated, in the old days of the NBA. Twelve free throw attempts. He was getting the classic Embiid calls. Some of the calls that feel like they've been legislated out of the game over the last couple of months. And, you know, we could we could talk about Embiid and and what he looked like and, you know, what what kind of runway he's going to have going into the playoffs. But right now, Milwaukee is not looking at a a cakewalk. You know, they they don't have this, like, built in ramp up here. You're not you're not getting the Atlanta Hawks or the Chicago Bulls in round 1 where you you have this ability to kind of figure things out on the fly. Like, they're they're gonna need to be locked in right away for round 1. Oh, absolutely. And I I think that even goes for Boston. The difference is that we believe in Boston way more with what how how consistent and dominant they've been over the course of the regular season. But if Miami ends up at that 8 spot, do you think do you think Boston's not a little bit nervous? This is the team that I should be nervous. Yeah. Year. So you're right. So they should be nervous, and they're good. And Milwaukee's not They're not I mean, they're they're good and, like, record wise, 47 and 28, really good. They are not as good as they are supposed to be, and they don't look like a team that would be impervious to a 1st round loss Right. To any of these teams. Miami can turn it on at any moment. They did it last night. Philadelphia Philadelphia is such a it is such, like, it's almost like a mirage seeing them as the 8th seed. If Joel Embiid is healthy all year, are they any lower than 3 in the eastern conference? So you've got a 3 seed essentially sitting in the 8th spot right now. I think we would both agree the bulls and the hawks would be a miracle if they made it out of the play in tournament because the teams that will be above them are so much better. Indiana I mean, honestly, even though they haven't won a game against the pacers yet this year, if I'm Milwaukee, I'm praying that I get the Indiana pacers just based on who else I'd have to go up against. Yeah. I I think you're right. I think the Pacers are the team that you want here. And, again, the Pacers have have given the Bucks plenty of trouble this season. I I don't I don't think that's a cakewalk by any means. You know, Milwaukee last year, best record in the Eastern Conference, 5824, lost in 5 games to the Miami Heat. Right? So we we've seen different variations of this. Milwaukee looked completely bulletproof last year. They still get tripped up in round 1. Now they look significantly worse than the regular season, and you could you could absolutely see that happening again. I do think we forget, though, you know, Giannis missed half of that series against Miami. You know, it was a disaster. They still should have won the series. I get all that. But, I think there there are some caveats there. I, you know, I I texted my friends last night. I'm like, the the Bucks have given me, like, no enjoyment this season. I was so, so hyped up for for the Damian Lillard experience. And, yeah, there's there's been some moments, you know, it's I I don't think Lillard is is is I still think it's the right move. You know, I think if you I I still think you have to do that. I don't think there's any real regret there necessarily for Milwaukee, but this this has not clicked at all in the way that we thought it would, even when Lillard's been healthy. And he's he's I think he's missed only 9 games on the year. They're they're yet to to really put together that dominant stretch where they've they've looked like this Milwaukee Bucks team of old, especially in the regular season. Am I writing them off? No. Do I still think they're the team that has the best chance to to beat the Boston Celtics? Yes. But sitting here right now coming off of a loss to the Washington Wizards, it's really, really tough to have faith in this team. Elsewhere last night, your your Orlando Magic were not in action, so we get to jump around the league a little bit. Nuggets end up beating the Spurs in Denver. No Jamal Murray, by the way, has missed 6 games in a row, which is a little concerning. I would imagine they're being cautious with him as the postseason approaches, but still something to keep an eye on. Jokic goes for 42, 16, and 6 with a a steal and 2 blocks. Another just outrageous performance by Victor Wemenyama who he did have 23 points on 29 shots. He was 2 of 11 from 3. I don't really care about that. I'm I'm just glad that he's comfortable taking 11 three pointers. I think that's generally a good thing for the spurs, but he did add 15 rebounds, 8 assists, 9 blocks, including a couple on Jokic. Yeah. It's amazing too. I watched part of this game, and my eyes popped out of my head at least 15 times between the 2 of them up and down the court. Jokic would do something amazing, and then and then Wambiniama would do something incredible on the other side, and then Wimby would block Jokic. I thought Wambiniama was doing a good job on Nikola Jokic. And then and this is how Jokic works. It looks like he's having a bad game sometimes, and then you're like, oh, he's got 40 points tonight. He's one of the few players that's able to pull usually, if a guy scores in that range, it looks like he's doing it. And and Jokic just sorta like saunters his way to 40 points and 16 rebounds. But, yeah, I mean, when Binyama still has a lot of work to do, I think you see that. The stat line is incredible, and it and it shows what makes him special. But he got worked by Jokic last night more times than not. The block shots are nice. That's just one play. What doesn't show up in the box or maybe it does because he had 42 was how often Jokic just got whatever he wanted against Wimbledon Yamah. Unless Wimby was standing right in front of him with his hand up, Jokic was was working him throughout the course of the night. But look. You're dealing with right now, we're probably gonna be the 2 best bigs or at least the most skilled, most impressive in the NBA for the next 5 years, and we've got a lot of matchups between those 2 coming up. I I cannot recommend it enough. Stop what you're doing. That's the NBA league pass game. Anytime these 22 guys play against each other, they're just a joy to watch. But when Minyama, don't let the stat line fool you. Jokic worked them, and, and I think he's got some work to do. He does. He does. But, you know, 9 blocks, man. We we this is He's incredible. He's been ridiculous, dude. I and I I feel like we do this on every pod now, and it's mostly because I just love Wenbee so much. But I also don't love the Wenbee nickname. So I'm gonna retract that. Wenbee Yamo. I'm trying not to call it Wenbee. I I think we need a better nickname. I mean, this I was telling this to Alex on Monday. Like, I I don't think we've talked enough about Webonyama not only living up to the hype, but in my opinion, vastly exceeding it. Blowing it out of the water, both in terms of of health, in terms of total games played, in terms of production, just in terms of how it looks. Right? I mean, the the you think of the the great rookie seasons, guys who've developed into some of the best players in the NBA. There's been a lot of great ones. Right? But I I I think this is this is the best rookie season that I've seen. It's better than LeBron's. It's better than, you know, Melo who had a great rookie year, Durant, whoever else you wanna throw on that list, at least in my lifetime. You know, I'm not gonna speak on anybody who debuted in the the seventies or eighties or early nineties, but this has been ridiculously impressive from Webinayama from start to finish. And, you mentioned something that makes sense with Jokic. Right? I I think the best players in the NBA, that's something that's emblematic of those guys. When you reach a certain level that even your bad games feel like good games. Yeah. Giannis has been at that level. Jokic obviously has been there for several years now. You just don't really have bad games when you're, like, a top 5 player. And, yeah, Webinar, you know, 29 shots last night wasn't effective. I get that. He's almost at that point for me now too where it's like you see, you kinda feel like he's struggling, and he's still putting up monster numbers even on his down nights. Yeah. Just, everything just comes so naturally to him and and the way that he gets his teammates involved keeps things open for him. I I saw a pass that he made last night that, you know, it it it's not gonna be his biggest highlight real pass, but it's such a good example of what makes him so dangerous. He was he was delivered the ball from the top of the key, and he passed he passed it to the corner. I forget who it was, probably Porter. Before the ball was firmly in his hands, he was dishing it out to the corner. Yeah. You can't defend that. He knows where he wants to go before the ball gets to him and then is able to make the pass quickly. There are not a lot of guys in the NBA that can do that that decisively, that accurately, and that's what makes him special. So, he's he's dangerous. I'm not telling you anything you don't already know. What I would try to look up is is Victor Wembanyama the biggest runaway rookie of the year that we have ever seen? And I wonder who else even compares, in history. This and, you know, it's tough to it's tough to pull that off the top of the dome like that, but I think just the point is there's probably not anybody in NBA history that that pulled away the way that he has in his 1st season. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's tough. I mean, I'm looking at the list right now, and, you know, somebody who somebody who jumps out to me pretty clearly, it's Chris Paul in in 2005, 2006. Partially because that was not it's not a fantastic draft. It was it was basically the Chris Paul draft. He got all but one first place vote. The other went to Darren Williams. Darren Williams actually finished 6th in the voting, so I don't I don't know what happened there. That was probably a Utah voter. But that was, like, one of the biggest landslide rookie of the year votes that we've seen. And Chris Paul obviously was amazing right away as a rookie. Right? I mean, in terms of the advanced metrics, like, he was putting up, like, elite win shares, elite 4, but elite win shares for 48 right away. I'll give you one guess, by the way, who finished number 2 in rookie of the year voting that year. He was a then Toronto Raptor. I I, of course, think of him as a Milwaukee buck, but he he bounced around for a while. Behind somebody who who sniffed, like, an all star game or anything like that. This was behind Chris Paul? Yes. And I'll also give you another hint. He played at Yukon. You know, I'm gonna kick myself because there's an I'm I feel like I have a name on the tip of my tongue, and I can't I can't come up with it. One last chance. He he famously tweeted from the locker room in the early days of Twitter Oh. At halftime. Charlie Villanueva. Damn it. Okay. Charlie Villanueva, your 2006 rookie of the year runner-up. I think Luca, by the way, in 2019, that was that ended up being a landslide. He had 98 of a 100 first place votes, but there was some Trae Young momentum. Right? I mean, Trey started that season so poorly and played really well down the stretch. I mean, he got a couple of first place votes. I I don't maybe that wasn't, like, a crazy, crazy landslide, but it was it was pretty clear by the end of that season that Luca was the guy. Yeah. And that that would make sense. I I don't know that, you look at the past some of the past names. You'd probably have to go back. Wilt Chamberlain, I'm thinking. We were in alive in the sixties for this. So that was actually in the 50. I remember that year. I mean, like it was yesterday. You know? Shaq in 90 92, 93 probably ran away with it back then. So, not that a lot. I don't think a lot of the Kenny rookie of the year futures now. Karl Anthony Towns in 2016 swept it. He had a he had every single first place vote. Porzingis was second. Jokic, ironically, was 3rd. Obviously, that was not the Jokic that we know now. Jaleel Okafor got 34 second place votes to to give you an indication of where the league was at that point. But, you you kinda forget. Like, I remember and they still do this. You know, the annual NBA GM survey. There was, like, a 3 or 4 year period from, like, 2016 to 2019 where there's always that question of if you could start a team with any player in the league, who would it be? And I remember Kat being the resounding answer for a couple of years. Yeah. Yeah. How times have changed, but I think he's you know, Kat's had himself a nice little year. What do you I guess Victor Wimpanyama is gonna be the most common answer next year when they have this survey. He's gonna be the most common answer for several years as long as he stays healthy. Right? I mean, I don't think Yeah. I don't think there's an argument for for anybody else. Right? I mean, and Jokic isn't that old. Right? Doncic is still in his his, like, early to mid twenties. Like, there there are other guys you could make a case for, but I I I don't see how it's not Victor Wemenyama. Rookie of the year, by the way, has been off the board for over a week now at DraftKings. Like, you can't even bet anybody else. It's going to Victor Wemenyama. Yeah. You'd have to bet, like, $1,000 doing a penny at this point if they even put it back up, but they're not going to. If you've got a $100,000,000, maybe. You could win $10. Be in Vegas later tonight. I'll I'll I'll invest There you go. Throw that doll throw that doll throw that doll throw that doll throw that I'll then I'll Venmo use some cash. Yep. I'll throw just one tiny little cup of water on the Wembanyama hype train just to keep things reasonable here because I think you have you haven't you know, you're not off the rails here, but I think you've lost your faculties a little bit when it comes to doctor Wenbinama. I'm not. The one thing that I will say that has we have not seen yet, and it is just year 1, so I'm not panicked about it. But where I pause is it has not translated to anything yet. It the stat line is tremendous. Is he not a winning player? I mean, right now, you can't say yes to that. I also don't blame him because the spurs are terrible. I see you rolling your eyes. I don't I'm not saying playoffs his 1st 2 years. But LeBron won 35 games in his 1st season, and Victor Wembanyama is gonna have to struggle to get to 20 this season. So that's my that's my only hesitation is let's it looks great. And the stats, you know, fantasy reality. Fantasy wise, this is a slam dunk. There's nothing you could say, that to to dock what he has done, but we haven't seen it translate into wins yet. That has to be the next step. Now that's not all on him. Most of it's not, but he's such a unique player. Does that style translate to winning basketball? I I'm not saying he's not a winning player. I'm saying that he can't be a winning player. I'm saying he's not yet because look at the record. I mean, it speaks for itself. He's it's not like you said, he has been he has exceeded the hype, which means he is doing amazing things, but those amazing things aren't turning into w's in the win loss column. K. First of all, LeBron had help. Right? He had Ricky Davis. He had Zydrunas Zogauskas. He had Carlos Buser. None of those guys are Buser. Nice. No. You're right. You're right. If you wanna play devil's advocate, I get it. But Wenbinama's 7th at defensive win shares. He is 20th in total win shares, which is actually higher than I would have guessed, to be honest. Wait. Actually, no. That's that's not correct. He is 20th in Vork. I was looking at the wrong column. Win shares are stuff. When you're when you're on a team that's winning, like, 16 games, you're just not gonna pile up that many win shares. So that's part of how the stat works. But, no, I I I think he's a winning player, dude. I don't see any anything about Victor Wemenayama that's not a winning player. And to me, the passing is is the biggest, I guess, surprise for me. We knew he could pass a little bit, but, I mean, he's now routinely putting up these, like, 5, 6, 7, 8 assist games on a team that's terrible and blows a ton of assists for him on a nightly basis. Like, he's not he's not a Jokic level passer. Nobody is at that size, but he is well well on his way to being one of the better passers, I think, at his position in the NBA for a long time. And I I always say that's I don't think that's something you can learn. There's not a lot of guys who come in and, you know, put up, like, 1 or 2 assists, and then 3 or 4 years later, all of a sudden, they're averaging 7 assists. Like, you just kinda have that or you don't. Anybody who's played basketball, you you just kinda know it. You either have the vision or you don't. You can't really learn it. And I I think he absolutely has that. Like, not only, you know, is he comfortable scoring from anywhere, I think he's, you know, on his way to being the best defensive player in the NBA. I think he's really, really, really advanced as a passer for his age. Yeah. There's a lot that he does really well. But, like, last night, they they had a lead against, and the Denver nuggets are so much better. So this is probably unfair, but look. I can only assess what we what we're watching in front of us. And the spurs are bad, but they had a lead. They had an opportunity to kind of flex whatever muscle they have. And when Bin Yamah put up all these gaudy numbers, 9 blocks, he gave up 42 points to Nikola Jokic last night. This is the best defensive one of the best defensive big men in the league. I know it's Jokic, but, like, still, this this this is you put yourself in an opportunity to win a basketball game up against one of the the most dominant big in the NBA. You put up the numbers and it didn't translate into anything. So that's that is the next hurdle for him to climb. And part of that's gonna be having a better team around him, but I also wanna see him actually make these numbers mean something. We see guys every single year in the NBA. We talk about them on this podcast. Guys that put up numbers. We love those players. Not everybody that puts up numbers translates to winning basketball games. He probably will be. I would I would bet that he becomes that, but right now, you can't say that he is because it hasn't happened yet. Okay. Last thing I'll say on this, then we have to talk about some breaking news for the Charlotte Hornets. I think the league is so deep now that it's it's really tough. I mean, it's always been tough. There are very few rookies who put up great numbers and are also on a good team. You know, that's just by virtue of having the number one pick. Right? I mean, you typically go into a terrible roster. It's like most quarterbacks struggle early on in the NFL because you're on a bad team. I I think it's harder than ever to to pile up wins. Like, I'm I'm surprised, by the way, that the Cavs won 35 games LeBron's rookie year. I did not know that. But the league was also terrible talent wise, depth wise in 2003 compared to where it is now. It's like, where do the wins come for this for this first team? Right? There's there's, like, 5 teams in the NBA where on any given night, you're like, yeah. I can see the Spurs win in this game. I mean, they're 8a half, 12a half boy dogs every single night because there there's just not that many cupcakes. Yeah. And, I mean, they've they've gotta beef up their roster a little bit. I wanna see what Wimbin Yamba looks like when he plays next to at least one other player that you would consider to be at least in the consideration of an all star vote midway through the season. It's it's unfair. It's unfair to judge him. I admit that, but I we again, we can only do what, we can only assess what's in front of us right now. How does he play off of somebody else? Wenbin Yama has nobody to play off of. He plays his game and then hopes that the scrubs around him do well from 3, and that's about it. That's the game. And he didn't even have his full allotment of of player. The Sohan didn't play last night. You know? Like, so Oh, so I'm stunned for the year. Well yeah. So, I mean, you're not gonna get him again. It's all on Wim Binyama. So the numbers are gonna look great, but minus 9 in the box score, Nick, has to it has to count for something. By the way, we do have, I I know this is not NBA related, but I know what you're about to say. I'm I'm just I am distraught. This is not good for the AFC South. You can I'll let you break the news. Stefon Diggs was just traded to the Houston Texans. I know you had I I went looking for the Charlotte Hornets news, and I get this thrown in my face. Draft pick compensation is what Adam Schefter is reporting. I don't know how to be a fan. That that's that's gonna be a loaded offense. I know you were a quarterback. All of a sudden. I know, man. Goddamn it. Wow. You'll hear more about that on the the Roadwire, Fantasy Sports Today Show on Sirius XM coming up in about an hour. But the the Charlotte Hornets breaking news is that Steve Clifford will be stepping away after this season. He's still gonna coach the final set of games, so don't be alarmed. He'll be out there. It's gonna be a nice little farewell tour for Steve Clifford. He's gonna move into a front office role. Don't blame him. This has gotta be a horrible team to to coach. I I would imagine he's just burned out at this point. But it it makes sense. Right? I think Steve Clifford it's like when the piss when the Pistons brought in Dwayne Casey, and you're like, what what do you think you are? Right? Like, why are you bringing in Dwayne Casey to coach this roster? It's like Steve Clifford is is kind of a mismatch with what the Hornets have going on right now. Oh, absolutely. I've I've I I live that firsthand. My first year with the Magic was in 2018, so I got to know Cliff well. And then, he was not in when they when they traded Vooch, Aaron Gordon, and Neman Fournier, even though it was the right move, and I think even at the time, most Magic fans could get on board with that because that team had a specific ceiling. But that was a playoff caliber team even if it was the 8th seed. And that's what Steve Clifford was into. He wanted guys that were veterans, knew how to play the game, would lock in defensively. You know, Aaron Gordon, look at the player he's become with Denver. Those are the guys that he wants to coach. The second they blew up the team, he and the management crew over in Orlando said they decided to part ways because Clifford didn't wanna be part of the rebuild. They didn't fire him. That was that was his doing. So when you see things go south as quickly as they did in Charlotte, doesn't surprise me at all that he doesn't wanna be in on that. I just hope that he gets another opportunity because I think Steve Clifford is a really good coach. But what are you supposed to do with a a magic team that blows it up? You're not gonna win there and a Charlotte Hornets team that kind of forced to go into the tank again because of LaMelo Ball's injury. Alright. Let's hit a couple questions from the chat here. Our guy Kenny says he's in finals week. Kean Ellis has been lacking. Do we hold or replace him? He's in a 9 cat, 10 team head to head league. He needs assists, steals, and blocks. He's got 2 ads left. On waivers as potential options. Shamese Betu, Gigi Jackson, Jake LaRavia, Brandon Clark, or Max Strouse. Any of those names jump out to you? Yeah. I mean, Keon Ellis had a couple of nice moments. All these guys feel very similar to me as far as just not being able to rely on them night to night. But Gigi Jackson, I think, would be the one that I would go after. It it he his role is so carved out with Memphis, and he's I think he's the toughest player they got right now. Points wise, rebounds, I I think I would I would tend to lean in that direction for the full array of stats. Yeah. I think it Brandon Clark got the minutes, I would go that route, but I don't know what they're doing with him. Right. I mean, he just came back from a serious injury, and, you know, he's a veteran. They don't really have reason to push him. Grizzlies play tonight at Milwaukee, Then they play a back to back Friday, Saturday. So as Kenny notes in the chat, I think there's a decent chance Clark sits one half of the of that back to back. So that that probably eliminates him. I mean, again, in a points league, Gigi Jackson would be my answer. He's been super consistent. The minutes have been there, you know, regardless of who's in, who's out with Bane and and Jaren Jackson and those guys. He doesn't really give you much on defense. He's the assists have been okay. You know? 2, 3, 4, per game, probably closer to, like, 2a half on average. But if if you specifically need defensive stats, I I don't know if that's necessarily the play. Chamezzie Beto in Detroit, he's gonna give you a defensive stats. You know, the minutes might be a little bit up and down. He's not really gonna do a whole lot in terms of assists. Pistons play tonight at Atlanta, and they have a back to back against Memphis and Brooklyn Friday, Saturday, which is a pretty appealing schedule. Yeah. You gotta like that. Yeah. Gotta like that. Yeah. I I actually think that might be that might be the move. And, you know, with Detroit, again, it's gonna be unpredictable. You never know who's gonna be in or out. But, you know, they they already put out that, you know, Kate Cunningham might might take a rest day tonight. Wouldn't be shocked if they did the same thing with Jalen Duran, although, you know, he's been out there when healthy. But, yeah, we're at the point in the year where we're telling you to to go pick up Chamezhi Metziu. Christian says, good morning, fellas. Good morning, Christian. Thoughts on dropping Brandon Miller for PJ Washington. I've been the championship, and I'm worried about Miller missing time or being shut down. So both of these teams are on a 4 game week. Charlotte has 3 remaining games. They play Portland, Orlando OKC. No back to backs, this week. So, you know, I I don't know. Brandon Miller's been insulated thus far from any rest. Right? Like, the only games he's missed are when he's been hurt. He is questionable for tonight with an ankle sprain. So keep an eye on that. But in in terms of just evaluating these guys straight up, Washington has 3 games left. Atlanta, Detroit or excuse me. Atlanta, Golden State, and Houston are the 3 remaining opponents for Dallas. Babs still have plenty to play for. Right? I I think that's the the big difference here is that Dallas is sitting in the 5, but they're tied currently with the Pelicans who who are in 6th. They are only up one game on Sacramento and Phoenix, so they they need to keep winning to avoid falling into the play in zone. I think if you're worried about the security, if you're if you have any concern about Brandon Miller missing time, whether it's tonight or beyond tonight, I would just I would just call PJ Washington. Yeah. Just, I I'm not buying into PJ Washington's a fine option, and we'll probably give you better will definitely give you better defensive stats if you're looking for that, but, I'm not really trying to move off of Brandon Miller. And I think if they were gonna shut him down, they would have done it already. Mhmm. Why why why do it now? Kenny also notes that Wendell Carter Junior is on waivers, but he said it feels like a trap coming off of back to back big games. What say you? Yeah. I would tend to agree with that. Let me, let me refresh myself here with the schedule. You know, you would think that I have this stuff off the top. Oh, yeah. That's right. It is a trap. That's Memphis and Portland people. Of course, he's gonna have big games. He's going up against Valentunas tonight. That's not gonna be easy. And then, you know, he's Charlotte and Chicago. He could have a couple of he'll have a couple of nice games in the next 4, but, probably not gonna do much tonight. And you're right. You I think you're along you're thinking along the right path here and that it's probably a trap. Alright. Let's talk a little bit about some surprises and disappointments from this season. Keep throwing questions in the chat, guys. If your if your fantasy league is still going, we're happy to give you any advice over the next 10, 15 minutes here before we head out. You know, we talked a little bit about this on Monday. You know, guys who Alex and I talked about it more in a team context, you know, as far as which teams have been disappointing. You know, on our our show on NBA radio, we we we hit the teams that are either going way over or way under their win totals. But I wanna dig in on some individual players, and we'll start with the disappointments. And I do wanna throw out, you know, injuries that happens. So I'm not I'm not going to say like obviously LaVelo Ball massive disappointment, but there's a reason for that. You know, Jaren Jackson to me is he hasn't really been injured, but, you know, the Grizzlies season just fell apart in such a disastrous way that you couldn't really expect him to produce in the way that we expected. But the the guys who are top of mind for me, McCall Bridges, Laurie Markkanen, Walker Kessler for sure. Jordan Poole, although he is the 70th ranked player in total value in ACAT, he hasn't been quite as bad lately, and he's he barely has missed any time. So if you actually held on to Jordan Poole, it hasn't been as bad as you as you might think. I think Scoot Henderson has to be on that list as well. And I know Yeah. A lot of people you know, I was telling people just don't draft Scoot because rookie guards aren't that good. That's one of my few, like, victory laps I could take this season. But it's been worse. It's been a lot worse, I think, than we expected, especially with the opportunity that he's had in Portland. My take on Scoot Henderson, he should have stuck with the name Scoota. Do you remember when he was going by Scoota? Like, s c o o t a? Like, go search. Like, if go read about him. Find an article from, like, 2021. He was he was Scoota. That's what he was listed at as 247 as a recruit, and now he's Scoot. You think that would have helped his field goal cooler name. Do you think that would have helped his field goal percentage? I think it would have helped his field goal percentage. I think it would have cut down of the turnovers. Yeah. I, I got a good, got a good up close and, personal view of Scoot Henderson the other day at the Kia Center for Magic Blazers, and, oh, he is a roller coaster ride of a basketball player. Super exciting to watch, flies up and down the court. Looks like he got shot out of a cannon. That guy cannot shoot, and he is the only one on the team that has not figured that out. Deandre Ayton at one point passed him the basketball, and I swear looked at him and just shook his head before he before scoot even jacked up and ill advised wide open 3 that clanked off the backboard. And he just knew, like, I have to pass this because you're open, and this isn't gonna go well. I think he's an exciting player, but he's gotta figure out what his range is because he is blissfully unaware of that right now. But he's definitely on the list, and unlike you, I bought in before the season. I thought you were I thought we were gonna get, like, a mini Russell Westbrook. And, Well, we kinda did. We got, like, dollar store Westbrook is what I got. Yeah. We got yeah. We got Lakers Westbrook. Exactly. So I think that you nailed a few, you you nailed a lot of the right names there. I think Jaren Jackson junior is an interesting one because I can't tell if it's on him or not. I he has not had a good season. Right. But the Memphis grizzlies haven't been anything close to what they were supposed to be because of the injuries that that they've dealt with. So is it circumstantial, or or is he tailing off as a player? That's gonna be one of those interesting things to to think about. Where do you fall on that thought? I think it's circumstantial. You know, I I I overpaid for him in an important auction league, so, like, I I feel like I'm a little jaded on Triple J. And the way I constructed my team in that league was, alright, I'm going to dominate blocks. Like, I got Gobert for what I thought was a really good price. It ended up being a great price because he stayed healthy and he's played pretty well this season. But the way I built my team was like, all right, I'm getting I'm penciling in like at least 2 and a half blocks per game out of Jaren Jackson. And that that to me is what what stands out is like his scoring is up like 4 points per game. The field goal percentage isn't as bad as you'd think. Like he was he was a 51% shooter last year. That's not really who he's been, you know, throughout his career. He actually doesn't shoot a great percentage for a big man. 44% to me is fine. Like, the free throw percentage is up compared to last season. The free throw rate is way up. His steals production is up. His assists are up. The rebounds are are about what you'd expect. But the the lack of shot blocking to me is that's the the the singular big disappointment with Jaren Jackson because you you thought you'd be getting, you know, some of those, like, 5, 6 block games every now and then. And, you know, obviously, you know, Morant, Bain, Smart, all those guys missing time just kind of washed out this season. I think I think Steven Adams being out of the lineup is is huge specifically for Jaren Jackson because you you watch these games, and, like, Jaren Jackson's not operating the way that he was last year when when Steven Adams was healthy for most of the year. Right? Like, they he he can't really play his, like, shot blocking specialist role with the way that this roster ended up shaking out. You you would think that he would have just gone into SWAT mode, but, yeah, he just finds himself out of position. I don't think he looks right, but I'm willing to kinda just let this season be a complete wash and and see if they're able to bounce back and get back to what they were. This is a team that we thought was gonna be able to take over the western conference for a couple of years and or at least be one of those perennial contenders. Are they able to bounce back to that when they get their allotment of guys or has that time passed? You know? So most likely, they'll be fine, but, won't know it till we see it. I would say let's throw another name out there. What about Trae Young? Trae Young is a guy that would drafted in that top 15 range. And if we were if we were redrafting, with what we know now, I don't think he still goes I don't think he still goes that high. You know, I think with Trey, it's just the injury. Right? So it's bad luck. I mean, he was he was the 11th ranked Fantasy player per game and still is this season. So I I actually think he's returned value. I mean, he was fantastic. Right? I mean, he's he was leading the league in assists. He's had almost 11 per game, giving you one and a half steals, 26 points over 3 threes per game. I I actually would disagree. I I think before the injury, he was he was living up tonight. He was somebody that I would have preferred to take over Terry Jackson. You know? It's like if you're picking 11th or 12th or, you know, early in the 2nd round, I think I think he makes a lot of sense. Like, I I actually think fantasy wise, obviously, it's been a a weird disappointing year for Atlanta as a team. But Trae Young, the fantasy player, I I think before the injury was was right where you'd expect and maybe even a little above that. Yeah. I I guess I'm a little bit jaded by what their season has become. But, yes, numbers wise, when he was out on the court, just not a you know, he's he's dealt with his injuries in the past, but it feels like it's really starting to pile up. You could point the way of another trailblazer, and that's an easy thing to do. Deandre Ayton I I have really didn't tell anybody to play this roster on my list. Yeah. Yeah. They're really I mean, really because Simon is somebody that people invested in. Yep. I was high on shade on Sharp coming into the season. None of these there wasn't really anybody. Malcolm Brogdon returned some value for a minute, but that I mean, you know, and then you end up getting, like, the the waiver wire guys. So how many different questions that we've gotten about Duwap wreath, you know, but Moneykumar. Terms of guys, yeah, that you that you spent, Delano Banton, by the way. That guy can play. I like him. He's got a good yeah. I think he's gonna I think he's gonna be on the blazers for years to come. He he is a a quintessential blazer, I feel like. Like, he's he's he's a fan favorite type of guy. Right? He's bounced around a little bit, but I do feel like he he has found a home there. A couple of guards that I'll throw out there. Darius Garland, I know he's had injuries as has been the case the last few years, but, I mean, in some ways, he was being drafted inside the top 40, often inside the top 45 or 50. And even when he's been out there, he's he's been, like, the 70 to 75th best player per game. Like, that's been really disappointing. I I do think there's a very good chance Donovan Mitchell is somewhere else next season. So And I'd add Donovan Mitchell I would add Donovan Mitchell to the list. He is, on a per game basis, not as disappointing as Darius Garland, but his availability has been Yeah. Spotty at best. And this is a slightly down year from what he's done the last couple. Per game wise, he's number 7 player in ACAT. So, like, he's like Trae Young to me where it's like, yeah, he's played 51 games. That's super disappointing. But when he's been out there, he's been a machine. So it depends how much, you know, you you you factor injuries into the equation when you're talking about a true disappointment. What about Stephen Curry? Little disappointing. You know, guy who was still going in round 1 in in most drafts, He ranks about 25 right now on the year end per game value. Still giving you a huge advantage in threes. And in category leagues, that's a big thing. Right? You're getting almost 5 threes a game out of Curry. Still getting 26 points, but the assists are down. He's not really giving you anything in terms of steals. Field goal percentage under 45%. You know, still a lot to like. We're we're poking holes in an elite player here, but I I would say it's it's been a a slam dunk year here for Seth. Not not his best. I I think it's sort of opposite from what we've talked about with Trae Young and Donovan Mitchell, and I'm docking these guys for not being available. Steph Curry has been available. So you're you're getting a slightly lesser version of what Steph has been over the course of his career, but you're getting him you get to keep him in in your lineup. And to me Mhmm. You know, ability availability is one of the best abilities, and so I'm not overly disappointed. I think at this point in his career, you gotta expect a little bit of a drop off if you draft him. 36 years old. I mean, the trees don't grow to the sky. I will say overall, general health of injury prone veterans has been one of my positive surprises this season. Big time. I was off I was off LeBron. I was off Kawhi. I was off Kevin Durant. You know, I I think even like Chet Holmgren and Victor Wemenyama, there are major questions about how many games those guys would play. You know, Chet, you forget, obviously is not a true rookie. He missed his entire rookie year with a a serious foot injury. He's been extremely healthy. I think he's only missed, like, 1 or 2 games. Wenmenjianma's barely missed time. You know, you could throw Paul George into that equation. Anthony Davis, obviously, has missed, like, 4 games all year. So we we've had players like Trae Young, like Donovan Mitchell, like LaMelo Ball, who've who've sunk your season, but the guys that we thought would play, like, 55 games for the most part have not. And and that's why I'm curious where the conversation went between you and Alex in in regards to the team side of things because because we've seen a lot of those key veterans stay healthy this year, we haven't really had massive disappointments. I think outside of the Memphis grizzlies, an obvious one that their season hasn't looked anything like what we thought. But outside of that, who's really that disappointing? And I think a large part of there being not that many disappointments in the NBA. The teams that are bad are the teams that we largely expected to be bad, and that's because the best players in the league have stayed healthy this season. Yeah. You're correct about that. I I think, you know, Memphis is the obvious one, and I wouldn't even call it a disappointment. It is just horrific injury luck. I mean, that's about as bad as we've seen in in recent memory. I I think, you know, some people would say the Lakers, but, I mean, they're all like a 47 win pace. Right? I mean, they're they're basically going they're probably gonna fall short of of hitting their win total, which was 47 and a half, but they're 10 games above 500. And I I think the fact that they've stayed healthy and they're not gonna hit that win total, you would say, yeah. Maybe that's a disappointment, you know, with this many games as they've they've gotten out of LeBron and AD. But most of the teams ahead of them have also stayed healthy. Right? I mean, I I I think that I say it all the time. There's so much depth and so much elite talent in the NBA. It's like it's hard to look at the Lakers and and say, yeah, man. They they they should be up in 2nd place right now. They're they're so much better than Minnesota or OKC or the Clippers or the Babs. It's like those teams all have plenty of elite talent in their own right. I think Golden State, that was one team we both agreed on. You know, they have 41 wins. It's been disappointing. Milwaukee, feels like you're splitting hairs, you know, for a team that's sitting in second in the east. It's been disappointing, man. They're gonna fall way short of their win total. You know, I think I I think the the the really bad teams have been worse than we expected. Like, all of Charlotte, Washington, Detroit, Portland, San Antonio, all of those teams are gonna go way under their projected win total. Charlotte's win total was 31a half 31a half. And I I don't think they hit that with LaMelo. It's a big obviously, not having him as huge. If you wanna talk about a guy, we don't know if he's a winning player. I think LaMelo's on that list. So, yeah, I think he's a perfect example of what I'm talking about. That that guy I mean, I put up numbers left and right. Yeah. The bad teams being disasters as opposed to just being bad teams, that that to me has been one one of the disappointments. And part of the reason, though, if you wanna let them off the hook a little bit, is that the good teams have been as good as we expected them to be to the point where the golden state warriors are sitting in 10th in the western conference, and you can't confidently tell me they're not gonna make a deep run-in the playoffs. We we just don't know that they've been disappointing as far as the overall record, but you still enter the postseason going, yeah. They could make a run. So and you're saying that about the team that's the last spot in the western conference. So if everybody's staying healthy and the teams that we expected to be decent, the teams we expected to take a step forward, you know, like the magic. We expected the magic to be better. There are a couple of wins better than even the most optimistic person would have thought, but still pretty much in line with what people thought. And so that's gonna keep everybody else down a little bit, but this is part of the reason why I knocked Victor Wampanyama. As great as he has been, the spurs are worse than we thought they would be, which means that is part of his year 1 resume. Alright, man. We're just gonna find out. Yeah. I know. Yeah. No. You're cutting me off. You're cutting me off because I'm slamming on your guy. Look, man. I gotta I I gotta go eat. I I gotta get ready to talk Stefon Diggs on the radio. I'm depressed about what this means for the Jags and for the AFC South. But go check us out. Roadwire Fantasy Sports today, on Fantasy Sports Radio channel 87. We're there Monday through Friday, 12 to 2 PM EST. Brandon, I'm out the rest of the week on the NBA show, so we'll we'll have Joe Bartle stepping in with Alex Barutha. I'll be back with you, next Wednesday. Looking forward to it. We'll give you a full Vegas recap, what went right, what went wrong at the tables. Probably a lot more is gonna be going wrong than right. But looking forward to it, man. I got got 72 holes on the books over these next few days out there. So it should be a good time, and appreciate you doing this as always. We'll check-in next week.