Welcome into the rotor wire fantasy basketball pod. Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz. We're here with you. It is Wednesday, March 6th. Brandon, busy night in the association last night. Thankfully, we don't we don't have, like, a ton of pressing fantasy news. You know, we had some injuries coming into the week. You know, Trae Young last week, Scottie Barnes over the weekend, Devin Booker over the weekend. We saw the Suns go on the road to Denver and pull off a pretty impressive win in some ways, with without Devin Booker. This is a game that I mean, Phoenix ended up winning by 10 in overtime, but I was watching this one live, Brandon. And for a while, it's like, alright. This this is just a weird performance by Denver. Shots aren't going down. You you don't really see the Nuggets. No show like this very often. And then the Nuggets roared back and, you know, outscored Phoenix over the final 2 quarters 52 to 37, including holding the Suns to just 12 points in the Q4. Yeah. The funny thing is Denver didn't play that well in the Q4, at least offensively. I mean, defensively, you gotta give them a lot of credit. You also gotta worry a little bit about what we saw from the Suns on offense. I mean, it completely broke down. And that's that's a lot of defense. In the Q4? Like, that's almost hard to pull off with the talent they have. It it is. And, you know, again, shots were going down. I think Durant at one point, like, missed 8 or 8 or 9 shots in a row. So, you know, sometimes those nights happen, but I thought Denver, you know, especially looking back what happened in the overtime period, Durant basically just took over. I thought the Nuggets had a pretty good chance to just close this game out in 4th, and they missed wide open shot after wide open shot. You know, Michael Porter, especially, you know, had himself a decent night. But if if just one of the, like, 4 wide open threes that he missed in the Q4 goes down, Denver probably pulls this out. Nonetheless, I I think this was a huge win, Brandon, for the Phoenix Suns because they'll be without Devin Booker for at least a few more games. You know, this could be you know, the the the initial timetable, 7 to 10 days, could be more than that. But they're they're in a tough part of their schedule. They they do have a very winnable game at home against Toronto tomorrow. After that, though, Boston, Cleveland, Boston. So I think banking this win in Denver where at least I going into that was like, alright. This is probably a loss. You know, good luck winning that one without Booker. Getting this one is huge because, you know, Phoenix is still in that zone right now where they're gonna have to fend off the Lakers. They're gonna have to fend off the Kings. That win last night, you know, pushed them above the play in zone at least for now. Yeah. I think when you look at the Eastern Conference, it's not gonna be as problematic for some of these teams that end up in the the play in tournament because the the bulls and the hawks are probably gonna be involved, so you should be able to, overcome that hurdle. The western conference is a completely different story. You do not want any part of being in the play in. This is like, this is like being in the final 4 of March madness. Like, you could end up in a one off game against Steph Curry and the Golden State Warriors. So you need to avoid that at all costs if you wanna get yourself a playoff series. That 6th seed is huge in the western conference. You're right. That win was big. That was clearly not Denver's best game. Usually, they're able to score more than 107 at home, especially. Thought Nikola Jokic a little bit out of character yesterday still put up great numbers, but 7 total turnovers yesterday, that's really unlike him. He's a much more efficient player than that. Yeah. I mean, I I thought the same thing. You know, especially early on, I'm like, this is, like, maybe the worst Jokic game I've seen all year, he still gave you 25, 16, and 5. Right? I mean, that's that's where Jokic is right now. He is very clearly, and he's been at this level for a while. But I I I think that is the mark of not even a superstar, but, like, one of those next level, you know, like, top 20, 25 guys ever is that there are no truly bad games. Right? Like, obviously, LeBron got to that point. Durant got to that point. Curry got to that point at his peak where, you know, you just don't have those nights where it's like, oh, you just went 2 for 9 and had 7 points. It's like, no. The the bare the bare minimum is still a pretty huge statistical game, and that's what we saw from Jokic last night. I thought he was more willing to shoot him. He took 7 threes. Right? That's not really something that he loves doing. Hit 4 of them. Couple of them are just ridiculous, high arcing shots, had one just before the half. But the overarching point here is, you know, it's gonna be tough sledding in the short term for Phoenix without Devin Booker, but banking that win is massive. You know, Dallas took another loss last night at home to the Pacers. I had that one going on the the far left TV, Brandon. We we had a we were watching That was a far left TV game? I don't know. That one that one felt like a center TV game. My, you know, my my my live in roommate slash wife was watching a documentary on the 2000, on the far right TV, which was really interesting, actually. I I love stuff like that. You know, it's very That is center TV potential too. Yeah. So Sun's Nuggets got the center, and then, you know, we're we're switching between league pass games on the far left. This was and I I know this happens in a lot of Pacers and mass games. This was comically poor defense by both teams. Comically poor. I I at one point, Daniel Gafford had 3 straight dunks on just wide open passes from from Luka Doncic. It's not a coincidence that Daniel Gafford was 7 for 7 from the field last night because every single one of them was a dunk or a layup. Interesting on Gafford, I I do wanna note because we we got questions on him on Monday. You know, he had been playing he had some games where he's playing, like, 7 minutes, 8 minutes. He did play 21 off the bench last night. Now it lively got a little bit of foul trouble. They only played him 16 minutes. You know, Cleaver had 3 fouls as well. So I I I don't know that we're just all of a sudden back in on Gafford, but he had 16, 10, and 3. So something to monitor because a ton of people dropped Daniel Gafford over the weekend. And if I remember correctly, last week, we told you not to panic on this, that it was gonna be an ebb and flow situation when it came to the bigs with the Dallas mavericks. And look at Derek Lively, 16 minutes played. You know, obviously was not all that effective. He scored 0 points, but I think Miles Turner had 20 something by halftime. He actually finished the 20 points, so I'm not exactly sure what happened there because he went off. I think all of that production was in the first half. This was the game that I turned on after obviously, if you listen to this podcast weekly, you figure this out at this point that I work with the Orlando Magic. And so I magic hornets on last night, but the moment that game ended, it was over to this one. And I actually live bet the under at because they had they had hiked it up to 266 and a half. And I'm like, there's no way This I I understand that Yeah. There was no defense being played laughable, but at some point, somebody is gonna crater offensively. And you just have to sort of cross your fingers and, well, it did happen. Dallas scored 18 points in the Q3. That was that was the only reason that I hit that live bet. Yeah. But that first half, they were both into the seventies by the halftime break. So it it did seem like, you know, they were well on their way to another Pacers 300 point total game. I I'm worried about Dallas defensively. You know, coming out of the all star break, I was all over this team. They had won 6 in a row going into the break. I love the additions. I mean, this I'm telling you, man, go back and watch the Q4. Like, this was alarming. Really alarming. And the Pacers were doing a lot of this with their bench unit. I mean, they they went deep into the 4th with, you know, Obi Toppin and, you know, TJ McConnell. Like, this was not you know, Halbert's numbers look great. This wasn't like a Halbert and takeover game. You know, Matherd played well. Ben Sheppard played well. Like, this was, for the most part, a lot of reserves for Indiana just dicing up this Dallas defense over and over. And, I I was, you know, kind of poking around Mav's Twitter last night. There was, you know, somebody who's pretty plugged in who said he's hearing some Mike Boonholzer rumors as a potential coach for next season, which would, I believe, be the 2nd time that he has ousted Jason Kidd from a job. So, you know, we'll see. Obviously, a rumor at this point, but, you know, the Mavs, they're in the playing zone right now. They're the 8 seed right now in the Western Conference. And, you know, we there's there's now a pretty huge golf, Brandon, between the Lakers, the Mavs, the Warriors, and then, you know, teams like Utah and Houston. You know, they're they're 5a half, 5 games back. We pretty much know who the top 10 teams are going to be in the west. And like you said earlier, if I'm Sacramento, if I'm Dallas, you know, could be Phoenix, could be New Orleans in that that 7 and 8 spot. I know the Lakers and the warriors have not been consistent whatsoever. I know they've proven they can lose to just about anybody at any given night. I still don't wanna be in a win or go home scenario against LeBron James or against Steph Curry. No. No. Thank you. No part of that. Yeah. We we know who the teams are gonna be. We have no idea what the seating will be because even the the top spot held by Minnesota, they're only one game up on the 3 seed, the Denver nuggets. They're 3 games up on the LA Clippers who for the most part, outside of their last game, have been playing some really good basketball. So you really have no idea how this thing is gonna shake out. The last month of this season is gonna be huge in terms of seeding, and I think that is a big part of this entire equation. It does seem like just based on where we are, the 2 teams at the bottom of that top 10, the lakers and the warriors are going to have to play their way in, but it is everybody else that has to scratch and claw their way out of having to play against Steph Curry or LeBron James in a win or go home situation. It it really is fascinating in the tip of the cap to Adam Silver in the NBA because what they have set up is a far more interesting postseason because of possibilities like this that are on the horizon. Mhmm. Alright. Let's hit a few more news items from last night. Keep stacking up questions in the chat, guys. We will hit those over the second half of the pod as we always do. You guys always give us great questions. We love that interaction, so keep throwing those in the chat. We gotta talk about Alper and Shangdun. And, I guess, in conjunction with the Victor Webanyama. I mean, my goodness, man. This this was another game I was flipping between on league pass. I I I would argue the best game of Shangoon's career, certainly his best game of the season, best game of late, 45 points, 16 boards, 5 steals, 3 assists. He actually had 6 deals at one point. There was a stat correction. As someone who now rostered Shangoon and the rotor wire stake league, I was keeping a close eye on that. So somebody at the NBA stats department is gonna have to answer for why he lost one of those deals. Doing that against Wenbinaga, man. I I mean, you could argue Wenbinaga is is in that inner circle of, you know, best defenders overall, certainly best interior defenders in the NBA. You know, Alex Barutha actually gave out Webinama to block at least 7 shots, which was 6 to 1. 6 to 1. That is a crazy number. I told him on the show. I'm like, yeah. I could see him doing it, but, like, yeah. It'd give me better than 6 to 1 for a guy to get to 7 blocks. And he had 3 blocks in the first 10 minutes. Houston gets blocked more than any team in the NBA if you look into some of the metrics. So it was not a great a great game for Wamin Yamak. He only had 10 points, 11 boards, 7 blocks, you know, which now goes down as, like, an average game for him. His blocks and steals props every night are now 5a half, which is ridiculous. Like, no one else is in that range. Yeah. I was I was gonna give that one out, the, the NBA prop plays that I give out on social media accounts every day. That was one of the I usually end up with, like, 4 picks that I really like, and I gotta whittle it down to 2 just for the video purposes. And that was one that that was on the chopping block, and I looked back at the end of the night just kicking myself because he did it. And it was exactly that. It was the steals plus plus block stat that was that was set at 5a half, and he did it all. He didn't need a single steal. Didn't get one. Still hit the over on that. Unbelievable. Yeah. It's unreal, man. I every every with each passing day, you know, I know we've talked a lot about, like, you know, as you go on number 1 next year, like, I'm taking him number 1. I'm taking him number 1. I don't care. I I know, you know, you can argue there's a little more safety with Jokic. You know, even I think SGA is now, like, in that discussion at least. You know, there still might be people who go back to Embiid if you trust the health, you know, in some formats. Maybe Giannis makes sense. I get that. But, man, I I just I just don't know that anybody else can match that kind of upside. You know, like, 2 seasons ago, you know, when Jokic was, like, the runaway best player in fantasy basketball, it was, like, almost an unfair advantage to have him. I like, I Yokic, I think, has kind of come back to the pack a little bit or maybe more accurately the pack has caught up to him because of some of the crazy counting stats that guys like Luca and SGA are putting up. But I I think in a best case scenario, Webinama, it returns number 1 pick value and maybe jumps like a full tier ahead of that group. Right? Like, if he's given you it's totally possible. Like, you see a lot of great players make that year 2 leap. Right? Where, like, you know, LeBron's always the example I throw out. You know, it went from, like, 20 points a game as a rookie to, like, 27 his 2nd year. Like obviously Victor Webanyama could do that, especially if they jack up his minutes into the 35, 36 range where he should be. I mean, he could be 25, 13, 4 or 5 assists, 2, 2 to 2 and a half steals. I don't know. And, like, 4, 4 and a half blocks. I mean, nobody's matching that. Yeah. He's gotta get there as far as consistent scoring, but the thing he's giving you that those other guys at the top are not are those counting stats on the defensive side. And he is so big and, lanky and athletic. He's basically a lock for a couple of blocks of games. You can already bake that in to your score. I I do think that we are in an era of fantasy basketball where there there just isn't a clear cut one. You have it's you're kind of in a zone where if you have a top five pick next year, you're just kinda good no matter who you end up with because they all do different things exceedingly well. Nobody's giving you across the board stats, points, rebounds, assists, assists like Nikola Jokic. Nobody right now, especially playing guard is giving you the efficiency and some defensive stats like Shay Gilgeous Alexander. And just the and the monster scoring numbers that you get from Giannis on top of the other things that he does really well. And he does a lot of it around the basket, which means his percentages are buoyed as well, but nobody's blocking shots in that group like Victor and Banyama. So, yeah, I I feel like it's a little bit it's a little Baskin Robbins like. Just pick your flavor because you're gonna end up with something that nobody else in the league is able to produce. I I think I would argue in a category league, though, that Webinama, like, lapping the field in blocks is more valuable. Because if he stays healthy, he's basically guaranteeing you, you know, maybe you don't win the category depending on what you do with the rest of your roster, but, like, at worst, you're gonna be, like, top 5 in blocks in your league. Right? Like, there's just no way if he stays healthy that, you know, if he's giving you 4.5 blocks per game that you're not up there. Like, I'm looking at the last 30 days. We have a great tool on rotor wire where you can look at, you know, each player's value over a given time frame. You can select which categories you want, and then you can look at, you know, what we call a z score for each category. His his z score in blocks is 6.1 right now, which is in incredibly high. Like, really good in in another category would be, like, 1.5 or 2. He's twice as valuable as the next most valuable player in shot blocking, which is Anthony Davis, who's, like, 3.1. And Davis is averaging 2.8 blocks per game in the span that I'm looking at last last 12 games, which is exceptional. And Victor Wemenyama is twice as good. So, you know, if you look at the last 30 days, he's the best fantasy player in the NBA in 8 category leagues. You know, it there's just no real weakness right now. Like, he's giving you 1.8 steals. Obviously, we talked about the blocks. I think he could be a 5, 6 assists per game guy next year. Field goal percentage is good despite, you know, being a little bit shaky as a shooter and the free throws. I I that was the big question mark with Wabanuyama was, you know, yeah, the free throw percentage has has been decent overseas. Yeah. We'll see how that translates. 82% for for a 7.5 rookie is fantastic. I mean, it's better than Luka Doncic. It's better than Anthony Davis. You know, it's basically the same as as Nikola Jokic. You know, SGA is actually down in the the low eighties this year. That was a big thing for him. In years past, he was closer to 90. I'm taking up number 1. I'm taking up number 1. That's all I'm saying. You know, the beauty of it is that one thing that you just sort of threw in there, the big question mark was the free throw shooting. The big question mark too that we aren't even talking about is health. Is this guy gonna be able to stay on the floor? And, like, you're right in not bringing that up as a question because it kind of feels like it's already been answered. It it doesn't seem like that is an issue. We've seen this guy take hard falls this year. We've seen his minutes increase through over the over the course of the season. He plays a style of basketball that for his size, he's a little bit finesse, but it works for his game because he's got those finesse sort of abilities. He's unbelievable, and I'd have no problem. I'm certainly not laughing anybody out of the room if they draft Wim Binyama first overall. I'm still not there yet, but I'm not far away from it, and certainly have no issue if with anybody that decides they wanna go in that direction. We're drafting players later in the draft that can do one thing Yeah. That Victor Wembanyama does across the board. If if you had a guy that blocked shots like Wembanyama, you're you're targeting him. He's he's Walker Kessler. You know? It's like he's Walker Kessler plus Shea, plus Giannis, plus Doncic. And, yeah, he he's he's incredible, and you're certainly not gonna regret it if you end up taking him at the top of the draft. Yeah. Last thing I'll say on this is you you can look at the overall z score. His is, 1.42 on our site, and you can find this on the ratings page on rotorwire.com. The implication is that what he's given you over the last 30 days is basically the same value as, like, if you combined, like, the 18th and the 19th best fantasy player. Like, he's given you 2 top 20 players. And the the weight you know, the it's outsized waiting in terms of what he gives you in blocks. So, you know, I'm not saying, like, the counting stats equal Kyrie plus Kawhi. Like, that that's a little ridiculous, but the the weighted value that he gives you in blocks is that significant. So yeah. Victor Wabanyama, extremely good. Living up to the hype. No question about that. We gotta talk Jakob Poeltl, Brandon, as the hits keep coming for Toronto. This was an ugly game. You know, one of my best bets yesterday was Kelly Olynyk over 16 and a half points plus assists. He did get there. I I I thought this one was dead because the Raptors were down 40 early in the Q3, and I thought it was Jontay Porter time and and we were cooked. For some reason, Olenek came back into the game, padded the stats a little bit, finished with 22 rebounds plus assists. That that prop is now hit in 9 of 10 games when he's played at least 25 minutes this season. But Toronto looked awful, man. I mean, they're they they went, I think, 3 or 4 minutes in the Q2 without a bucket. They just can't really create anything right now even with Quickley and Barrett out there. I don't think we see Scottie Barnes again this season, to be honest, you know, coming back from a broken hand. And, you know, now we we see, you know, Pirtle was questionable to start the week. He didn't play last night. And then, you know, during the game last night, we we got news that he's undergoing surgery, to repair a torn ligament in his finger. So I I think he's now in Scottie Barnes territory where medically, timetable wise, yeah, he could be back. What's the point? I I think Toronto is totally fine just sliding their way down and and trying to hold on to their 1st round pick. This is why I have a really hard time when you get into March. I I'm a big NBA better night tonight. I use I'm usually on, you know, up to 2 games on any given night in the league. And this time of year, I take nights off regularly because I just can't trust anybody. Half the teams in the league, you have no idea what their motives are. Some of them, you know, you feel like you're getting valued double digit points, in your in your direction, but a game like last night is a good example that it just doesn't really matter. There's some of these teams. They're just not fielding real basketball teams at this point in the year, and and you just don't know, what the motivation level is like for these guys at this point. What do you think the raptors locker room is like when they wrap up for the night and they get ready to work the next day? You know, this is not a high morale situation at this point. So they this is a this is a tough one to trust, fantasy wise too. Justin Freeman, Liberty, who they just picked up, I think, got a two way deal last week was playing, like, 2 minutes into the Q3. That's where that's where we're at right now. You know, I had I had a little bit of interest in, like, Ochay Agbaji, who I thought would would be the guy to to kind of step in minutes wise for Scottie Barnes. He did start last night. Gave you 3 points in 16 minutes. There there might not just there might just not be a whole lot there. I I think, you know, they're not gonna lose by by 41 or whatever it was, 43, like they did last night every night. But it's gonna be ugly. It's gonna be really ugly. And, you know, I I think Barrett and Quickley, like, you're still gonna get your counting stats there. But, you know, this team really struggled shooting the ball too. I mean, Grady Dick was awful last night. I'm still still not out on him. You know, I think in deeper leagues, if you need threes, you know, he's somebody you can at least look at. The minutes are gonna be there. But but, you know, he was one of 7 from the field, o of 5 from 3. At one point, just got straight up, like, ripped by Zion, for for a dunk on the other end. Like, he just didn't really look ready or confident. And, again, this team, you know, they they owe a a top 6 pit or protected pick, in the draft. So I I think they kind of made that calculation and the injuries to Pirtle and Barnes, I think, made that decision as far as what direction their season is going a little bit easier. So I I think they're they're now in alright. Let's try to chase down Memphis to get the the 6th worst lottery odds, and and maybe we can hold on to that pick. Are you saying that Toronto maybe has to go into that bucket of, like, I just I don't know if I'm touching this team. And if I am, I'm fading them? Yeah. But that's the thing is I don't even feel comfortable fading teams like this. I think that would be the logical thought as well. If you never wanna bet on them, then I guess you wanna bet against them. I just can't touch it because it the odds makers have caught up in terms of the the numbers they're putting onto these games where I feel like when you look at the spread, all of the values on the bad team, and it's you're sort of a sucker if you take the favorite, but, I just I I can't get a read for it. You know? Obviously, you're gonna hit one one of the two directions hits every single night, you know, unless there's a push. But I I don't feel like I have a good read for it where I can The NBA is very much ride the waves of momentum positively or negatively over the course of a couple of weeks, and I just can't get a feel for, are they gonna be in a game tonight? Are they not gonna care at all? Who are they gonna play? Guys like Grady Dick that might turn out to be a good NBA player. This guy is still figuring it out. So in a betting perspective, I just I look at certain teams. When I cross the team off the board, I cross them off my board in both directions, both betting on them and betting against them. You know, it was for Grady Dick. I wouldn't, yeah, I wouldn't abort ship, just because he had a bad night. That was as bad as it's gonna be for the Toronto raptors. He's still knocking down threes at a pretty good rate, if you were to take that o 5, out of the equation from last night. So this is a guy that's still gonna get his. There there's no reason for them not to give him minutes at this point with them heading clearly in a south direction. So you mentioned you're doing the price picks videos for us each night. Those have been fantastic. Go check those out on the Rotowire NBA Twitter account. You can find them on the Rotowire account as well. You know, Brandon's been been throwing out 2 picks per night there. Love playing on prize picks. That's been my dominant site as well. What are you liking for tonight? So I'm looking the way of, the this is a bounce back opportunity for both of these players, Palo Bankero last night. I had my eye on his points plus assists prop. Didn't end up playing it, and glad I didn't. He didn't hit it. He did go over on points, but just wasn't there. It was 27 and a half set last night against Charlotte. It's the same exact number tonight. Now here's the thing. As bad as the Hornets are, I'm not sure that they are as much of a mess, at least defensively, as the Washington Wizards are. So I'm gonna hop on I'm gonna hop on that prop tonight. A 100 points a 120 points or more in each of their last four games for the wizards. They've been giving up a ton of points, and I think Paolo, is ripe to feast tonight. Over 27 and a half points plus assists. It's kind of been his brand over the last month plus when he plays against teams that are sub 500. He tends to go off. No shocker there. And then I'm pairing that with a legend. I don't usually go after, the goats when because they're all of those numbers are always inflated. But Steph Curry coming off of an o of 93 point shooting performance, I think he's bouncing back in a big way tonight. So I'm taking his over at 5 and a half threes made. Just an absolute embarrassment the last time they took the floor. I think Yeah. He'll be out for some vengeance. 5a half. Oh, what a number. Golden State home for the Milwaukee Bucks tonight. We'll see if Giannis is out there, by the way. I know he's currently questionable. You know, if you're watching this, you probably saw the video of Giannis earlier this week warming up, and I'm a little concerned. I'm I'm I would put my my concern level at, like, 6 out of 10. I I think the Bucks would be wise to hold them out for a few games. Yeah. Obviously, you don't want this to be something that recurs. The Bucks had said that, you know, you've been dealing with a little bit of Achilles soreness over the last few weeks and, you know, was able to manage it. Obviously, he didn't play the other night, excuse me, against the Clippers. I don't know that Milwaukee's gonna be able to sustain, you know, beating good teams without Giannis. You know, even even tonight on the road in Golden State, if he doesn't play, that that becomes a pretty dicey situation. But but, obviously, you gotta prioritize, you know, keeping him healthy for the playoffs. They're sitting in the 2 spot right now in the east. Let's go to the chat. We got some good questions here. What we'll start hitting some of these. Our guy, Freak Key, says, is bench pool actually good? I have him sitting on waivers in his league. Yeah. He he might be. It's worked out better than we thought. Right? I mean, he's had I think you can argue he's had his best 8 game stretch of the season, you know, since the the first game before the all star break when he had 19 and a loss to the Pelicans. During that span, 23 points, 3 rebounds, 4 assists, 1 and a half steals. Taking 9 threes a game, hitting 3.8 at 40%, shooting 44, 4189 from the field. Yeah. He's he's got 3 30 point games in that span. I've stayed away from Jordan Poole. I have not rostered him on a single team all season. Wasn't necessarily by choice. He was just going a little too high for me in drafts and and a little too expensive in auctions. And, you know, most of the leagues I play in are a little deeper, so he hasn't been dropped. I will say, if if he were available in our 16 team rotor wire stake league where I desperately need another guard, I would pick him up. I think the the bigger question is, you know, if you're in a 10 teamer or a 12 teamer, are are you going back to the well on Jordan Poole? Because, you know, if he's been sitting there for the last 2 weeks, you probably wish he was on your roster. Yeah. I mean, it's hard to argue with that. When you're putting up the numbers. He scored 30 plus in 2 of his last 3, 3 of his last 5. So I think only the most stubborn person would tell you they still want no part of Jordan Poole. I I was saying that for months, but, yeah, he has definitely turned it around. Bench pool has become a completely different player. And then ironically enough, the guy that he would have been the direct replacement for in Golden State also now coming off of the bench in Klay Thompson, and it seems like both are thriving in this role. So I don't know I don't know what kind of magic pixie dust they're, sprinkling on these benches these days, but it seems to be working for these knockdown shooters. Christian Rogers says, good morning, fellas. Morning, Christian. Thanks for tuning in. Should I drop Paul Reed and pick up Dean Wade? Wade went crazy last night, and looks like Evan Mobley might be out for a while after injuring his ankle. Really good question here. Yeah. Mobley, you know, I I don't know if this was carryover from the other night when, you know, he got crossed into oblivion and and ended up falling down. But they said that you left the arena on crutches. So I would expect at least a game or 2 for Evan Mobley. If you locked him into to a a weekly league lineup, probably taking the l, the rest of this week. The Cavs are in Atlanta tonight. They play Minnesota Friday, and then they have a home game against Brooklyn on Sunday. So, you know, hopefully, he gets back for one of those games, but certainly could be, a situation where he's missing time. So the the question basically is Paul Reed versus Wade. And, you know, Dean Wade had the best quarter of his entire career last night, you know, scored 23, had 6 threes. You know, basically did everything for the Cavs in the 4th, you know, as they rallied back to to beat the Boston Celtics, 20 of those 23 points came in the 4th. I I think I would still lean Paul Reed. I I know it's appealing now, you know, especially with Mobley projected to mistime, but the the larger sample strongly, strongly suggests that that's not the guy that Dean Wade is. And we actually you know, obviously, Mopeley missed time in December or January, so we could go back and look. Alright. What happened during that span? Dean Wade, 22 starts in a row from December 8th through January 26th. 7 and a half points, 4.8 rebounds, one steal, 2 main threes a game. So he's still giving you that. My answer would be it depends how badly you need 3 pointers specifically because I I think that would be the big advantage that Wade has over Paul Reed. Now Paul Reed came off the he's come off the bench now in 3 straight games for Philly. They seem to have soured on him a little bit, but I still think he's gonna give you a slightly higher baseline night tonight even if Mobley, you know, ends up missing 2 weeks. Yeah. I'm very put off by the idea of Mo Bamba, who has not proven to be a good NBA player starting over Paul Reed. That's not a great sign of where you are and your NBA career. But so I struggle to give him my endorsement here, but this is not who Dean Wade is. This is what Dean Wade is capable of. He certainly can knock down threes, but he's gotta get that sort of volume in order to put up numbers like that. And that's just not typically the case. So I think this is more of a one off performance. Maybe he'll do it 1 or 2 more times, but Paul Reed would be the more consistent reliable option even if Philadelphia wishes they had anybody else. Yeah. I would if you can, I would try to wait, you know, at at 1 or 2 more games? I I would like to see, like, is this is this minutes thing for Paul Reed a trend? You know, they played a close game against Phoenix last night and east or Phoenix, against Brooklyn last night, and he still only played 19 minutes. He wasn't in foul trouble. So, like, if, you know, if all of a sudden he comes out and plays, like, 14 minutes off the bench next game, you know, then you're then you're in a spot where maybe Dean made makes more sense, but I I do still think Reed's gonna give you a slightly higher floor. Christopher says, I am beyond annoyed, not with you guys. Whoo. Thanks, Billy. That's good. But I love the show. Been here all year. But the playoffs start, and I lose Barnes, Booker, Janis, Jared Jackson, and Desmond Bane. See you next year. So there's no question here, but we will I I think we could offer our condolences. My goodness. Yeah. Christopher, we, we will be thinking of you. Our thoughts are with you and your fantasy family. Better luck next year. Hey. We started talking about next year's draft already. It's never too early to get a ranking out there. So and rotorwire.com, great source for all of that information. Jared Jackson, by the way, questionable tonight against the sixers. So he hasn't been shut down yet, but he's missed 3 in a row. I think we we kinda saw this coming. I I yeah. I think he plays again the rest of the year. I don't think this is, like, an official shutdown, but, you know, the reason that I flipped him for Shangoon last week was, like, even if Jaren Jackson ends up being the better player per game, I'm baking on Shangoon playing 18 to 22 more games the rest of the year, and I'm baking on Jaren Jackson playing 10 to 12 more games. And, obviously, you're gonna get more value out of the guy who's who's playing that many more games. So I the shutdown's coming, I think, for Jaren Jackson. So, you know, it's tough to say, go move off of it right now. You probably had to do that around the all star break because anybody who's paying attention in your league is is is gonna charge you a pretty steep discount on him, but it is something I would consider. You know, Alex and I talked about that on Monday. You know, what's a realistic trade? Like, somebody said, you know, that somebody offered him Townsend. Yes. Do that. If somebody's willing to give you someone like Townsend, just just pull the trigger. Don't even think about it. Yeah. But you're gonna have to aim lower. You know? And with the amount of injuries that you have, Christopher, it's it's gonna be tough. Right? I mean, Barnes probably isn't coming back. Who knows on Bane? Giannis and and Jaren Jackson, they probably don't miss that much time. You know, you'll get Booker back, but it may be too little too late for you. But if you could deal Jaren Jackson for somebody who you just think is going to play the rest of the season, it's probably gonna be a winning proposition for you. Do you know what it sounds like? It sounds like Nick is telling you, don't give up. Never give up. Never surrender. You're not out of it yet. Never ever ever. Matt says, what's up from Ireland, guys? Hello, Matt. Do you think the Bucks could beat the Celtics come playoffs? Could they? Yes. Yes. They could. Would I pick them to do so? No. I would not because the way that the Bucks aren't catching Boston for the number one seat. The it's gonna go through Boston. You're gonna play the first two there. You're playing the game 7 in Boston. If it gets that far, the Celtics basically have every box checked over Milwaukee other than best player in the series. Right? I I think they have more depth. I think they're the better shooting team. I don't I don't know if I would say they're better coach. To me, maybe that's a wash. I was gonna say, I think that actually you this is where you can finally give Doc Rivers an edge. Sure. This that's my biggest question mark with the Boston Celtics because in the regular season, it doesn't matter that much. But by the time you get to the playoffs, especially as you get deeper into the playoffs, it matters a ton, the type of adjustments that you make, rotations, timeouts, you know, like, every little detail matters so much, and that's where coaching comes into play. Elite coaching. We have not seen that Joe Mazula is an elite NBA coach yet. He was schooled by Eric. Eric might be in a different class, but Doc Rivers has been doing this thing for a long, long time. So I'm not I I would I would give the bucks a slight edge there. You can never count out Giannis just going absolutely crazy. Damian Lillard, we'll see what he what kind of impact he has in the playoffs. By the time you get to that series, you might have a completely completely different view of what could be accomplished. But with all of that said, I don't think anybody's beating Boston this year. East or west, I think Boston, they just look like they're head and shoulders above everybody else in the NBA right now top to bottom. Yeah. I I think it would be a competitive series. Like, I I don't think, you know, Boston, like, you know, sweeps the bucks or beats them in 5 even. I I think it could be a 6 or 7 game series, but the Celtics have historically defended Giannis pretty well. You know, you you're asking a lot of Porzingis who's never really been in that spot, and then, you know, an aging Al Horford who, throughout his careers, defended Giannis well, but is a different player now than he was even 2 years ago. So you can't rule it out. I mean, it it would have to be a series where Giannis is probably giving you, like, what, 35 a night and Lillard's giving you 30 a night. Like, those 2 kinda have to do it for Milwaukee because, you know, even the other night against, against the Clippers, you know, when Giannis is out, like, Malik Beasley has, like, his worst game of the year. You know, it's like those Boston just they all of their role players to me have a higher floor. They have more options. You know, their 4th best player is head and shoulders above Milwaukee's 4th best player. And then, of course, the the elephant in the room is Khris Middleton and his health. Like, if if Middleton is locked in and looks like, you know, 2018 Khris Middleton, then, yeah, I mean, it's it's totally possible that Milwaukee could win that series, but there are I I think a lot of things would have to break Milwaukee's way for that to happen. You know, I would say the Celtics win that series 7 to 8 out of 10 times, at least right now. But maybe maybe we'll feel differently. I mean, the Bucks have have seemingly turned somewhat of a corner. And you know and you know Boston's gonna have home court advantage at this point. They've pretty much unofficially locked that up. They're 29 and 3 at home this year. They've been a lights out home team in the playoffs the past couple of seasons. This team is ripe to break through and finally win an NBA championship. You have to win a game in Boston, and I'm not sure that any of any of these teams are really gonna be able to do that. Yep. Another question for Matt. He says, I'm down Mobley, Ayton, and a kung woo at center. What order would you rank the following players as potential additions? Paul Reid, Duop Reath, and Andre Drummond. This is a head to head Yahoo Points League. Yeah. Tough tough situation there. You know, obviously, you're specifically looking for one position here with with 3 guys injured at center. Deandre Ayton likely out again tonight against OKC. That would be his 4th straight absence. So I I still don't know if that would drop Aton. Like, I I don't see him necessarily as a a a glaring shutdown candidate. You know, I think they they kinda wanna get their investment on him. Duarte has played well. He started the last 3 games. He had 26 points the other night against Minnesota and a really tough matchup at 5 three pointers. He's not he's not a high volume rebounder. You know, the shot blocking has been nice. He's got 6 blocks over the last 3 games. You know, Alex and I talked about, you know, Reeth versus Jabari Walker the other day. And, you know, I think we like Walker a little bit more. But if if Reeth is gonna be playing 35 minutes a night, you know, obviously, that that is is something you have to consider. I I still like Andre Drummond, man. I I have too many centers on on some of my teams where, like, I couldn't even get Drummond in my lineup this week. I also missed out on his 26 rebound game the other night. You kinda have to play the matchups with him. Like, he got in foul trouble against Sacramento. Didn't really do much. You know, in a point slate, I still I think Drummond is probably gonna give you the highest floor. And you you never know. I mean, I don't think the Bulls are gonna be shutting anybody down because they're dead set on getting that 10 seed in the east. I as of right now, assuming Ayton is coming back, at some point in, like, the next week, I would go Drummond rethreed. Yeah. That's exactly how I was gonna rank it. Just rank it backwards in terms of the question. The the rebounding, not replaceable in terms of what Andre Drummond can bring you. Duwop Reid has been a really exciting player, this time of year, and I'm almost completely out on Paul Reed. By the way, the Sixers almost out on Paul Reed too, apparently. Yeah. Coincidentally, Paul asked us maybe this is Paul Reed himself. Which is more likely to happen? Portland sitting Simons toward the end of the season or Detroit sitting Cunningham? Great question here. Wow. I I would say Simons? It has to be Simons. I mean yeah. I you know, Detroit's already out keep doing this. They cannot keep doing this. You know, I, of course, hindsight's a crystal clear 2020. I think if Detroit could have it to do over again, they would they wouldn't punt on last season. It has set them back so far. This team should be a couple of steps ahead of other rebuilding teams in the NBA. They got Cade Cunningham in the 2020 draft. That's a superstar type of player that they should have been developing last year. I don't think he was shut down all year because he was hurt. I think he was shut down all year because they wanted Victor Wimpanyama. They didn't get him. They stunted his growth. They stunted the team's growth, and now they're having to make up for it. This isn't the draft where you need to have the top pick in order to get a good player. I'm not sure there's even a great one to be had in the top 5. So I I think they'd be so foolish to shut him down. I they have to get out of that business. Well, I I think what breaks the tie for me and, again, I I think it's relatively unlikely that both get shut down, but I I would say, Simons, Detroit is essentially locked into a bottom 4 record, and that's what matters as far as lottery odds go. You know, if there's no Wenmin Yama in this draft, you still you still wanna be picking as high as you can. Like, I think that matters. Valuable. Want your choice. Portland, meanwhile, has 17 wins, so they have the 5th worst record. They're only 2 games, quote, unquote, ahead of the Charlotte Hornets. So I I think there's more motivation for Portland draft pick wise than there is for Detroit. Because Detroit, you know, they've won 9 games with Kate Cunningham this year. And if Portland really wants to make that push in the last, like, 2 weeks to try to, you know, fall below Charlotte and get those those smooth lottery odds and have a chance at the number one pick, then I I think setting Symonds could make some sense. So that that's where I would go there. Who is the higher rest of season value? Scoot or Keontae George? Good question. These are 2 players that have been, you know, tethered at the hip in fantasy for for a lot of the season. Keontae George, you know, kinda had a bad game on on Monday, but he left that game early with an illness. He was sick coming in, so you kinda wipe that away. We'll see if he plays tonight. He's questionable. Scoot, meanwhile, you know, has been injured for a while now. You know, he's not really been able to stay healthy consistently. You know, this time early on, he's gonna miss his 7th game in a row, tonight against the thunder. I think it just has to be George because we we have no idea when Scoot's coming back. And George has been the better player this year anyway. And I I think Utah's gonna keep handing a minute. So I I would go Keontae. Yeah. I got a I got a nice look at him a couple of games back. The Utah Jazz were in Orlando, and he just scores with such ease. He's, really an effortless type of player, a lot more lanky than I realized. And I mean that in a positive way. Like, he's Yeah. He's a good finisher at the rim because he's got so much range to his game. Solid 3 point shooter. He, I think he looks like he has already grown leaps and bounds because of the minutes he's been given throughout this year. To me, it's easily Keontae George at this point. Free Key says, hey. Just wanna join the pity party. I'm down. Ayton, Brunson, a kung woo, Bagley, and baby Cam Johnson. Yeah. Cam left last night's game. Condolences, man. Thoughts and prayers. Whatever we could do for you. We're we're happy to to to lop as much pity on you as we can. Alright. Let's hit a few more, and then we'll be out of here. Let me say the, the real MVPs, by the way, Nick. The real MVPs of this podcast are the people that know they have no chance and are still listening to us and commenting on the feeds. They're the real Well, and still and still setting lineups every week. You know? You don't like, that's the worst thing is when when somebody completely gives up and, you know, if you're in a category league or even head to head, of course. Right? You're just handing free wins to somebody. It's like, you know, do your due diligence. You know, it's your responsibility to the league, to make sure you're you're playing this out even if you're in these terrible situations where you somehow have, like, 7 guys on IL. Alright. We'll we'll rifle through a few more. Jeffrey says, I've lost Pirtle, and I need a center Looking for a trade before our deadline. Thoughts on giving Aaron Nesmith for Wendell Carter in a 14 team 9 cat league. I think that's fair. If you could do that deal, I would do it. Yeah. I I like Nesmith. You know, he has not played well lately. He played really well before he he had a 5 game injury absence, but I would I would do that deal, especially because you specifically need a center. So even if you're a pro Dee Smith and you think he's gonna bounce back, I think you have to prioritize your positional need here, and I I would absolutely go get Wendell Carter for D. Smith. Let's say you. Yeah. I I I would have to go back and look at the split of, what he his season has looked like, the consistency of it after adding Pascal Siakam, because it seems like just conventional wisdom. And I I noticed this. I I watch more, I watch more of the Pacers than I think if you were to, like, wait the the teams that I follow on a night to night basis, for whatever reason, the Pacers are towards the top of my list. It seems like since Pascal Siakam has been added to the mix, Neesmith has kind of fallen back into the background a little bit. And I I don't know for sure if the stats necessarily back that up because Neesmith has still had some good games over the course of the last month plus. But, yeah, I think Wendell Carter Junior at this point is more reliable, and that flux that that we were in with the Magic and their bigs, that has really settled down. It's Wendell Carter Junior's job. There's no doubt about that. And there's a clear hierarchy of Biggs in Orlando where for a minute, we had no idea what that rotation was looking like. Good question here from Jay Sizzle. He says in a 9 cat, 10 team league, what order would you rank the following? Andrew Wiggins, who will return tonight, Bogdan Bogdanovic, and Trey Murphy. Murphy went crazy last night and had 10 threes, so keep that in mind. Yeah. That's those are really tough. There's me I mean, Murphy's been on fire lately, and, you know, the the pals have been mostly healthy during that span. Let's see. We love we love what we love what Dean Wade gave us about Trey Murphy hit 4 more threes than him last night. I need more of that. I put Trey Murphy at the top of the list. Yeah. I I think I would go Murphy, Bogdanovic, Wiggins in that order. And Wiggins has played better lately. You know, I mean, it was such a disaster early on. You know, he's been more consistent, but still, it just doesn't look like the same guy. And, you know, he he hit you know, he's only missed 4 games, but it was a personal absence. We saw that last year, and and after he came back, it wasn't the same at all. I I think you're gonna get more well rounded production out of the other 2. Whereas with Wiggins, you know, it's kinda just points, you know, lower end rebounds, like 1 or 2 assists. The defensive stats tend to come and go. It's been better with steals lately, I guess. And and the 3 point shot has been relatively hot. But, yeah, I would go Murphy, Bogdanovich, Wiggins. But it's it's pretty close. I mean, I would I would love to have any of those guys on on my team right now, especially in the in the deeper league. Alright. We'll do 1 or 2 more, and then we'll get out of here. Adithya says, Gafford, Reeth, Michic for rest of season slash fantasy playoffs. We're we're getting to that point in the year, Brandon, where this is a depressing question. I'm I'm still trying to figure out how to pronounce his first name. Yeah. Well yeah. I think it's, Vasilje. That's what I've been saying at least. We're talking the the point guard in Charlotte. Mitch has played has played really well the last couple of games. I mean, he's had just had arguably his best game of the year, 21, 5, and 4 with 2 steals. You know, he's he's been piling up steals the last few games. My answer, of course, would be it depends what you need. I'm still I'm still a little skeptical on Gaffer just because of the playing time prior to last night. And, you know, we'll see if maybe he turns some sort of corner as far as, you know, working his way into Jason Kidd's rotation last night, but I don't know. They have so many big men. So if you if you need, you know, if you're if you need a guard, obviously, you're going to be. If you need, you know, assists or steals, I think in general, I would I would say the one risk with me, which is that LaMelo Ball comes back at some point, and then you're in big trouble. But who knows if that's gonna happen? I have no idea. We've got no indication. As of right now because I I think I think Ayton coming back is more probable than LaMelo at this point. I think I would go I think I would go Michich, Gafford, Wreath. I I don't know. This is really tough, man. Did you feel strongly? Well, I I I think this is one of those scenarios where, obviously, the position the positional need matters more than anything else. And then the second thing is if you're if you're especially if you're setting your lineup for an entire week, how many times do these teams play in week 21? And and that'll be something to look into as well. But if I'm just saying in a vacuum, if I'm just ranking these players, I I think I'd rank it the way you have it listed. I I I really like Daniel Gafford, and I'm surprised that they haven't been using him more at this point after acquiring him at the trade deadline, but maybe they're getting to that point. So I'm sort of taking the bait on that. Reece has been piling up stats. So you kinda know what you're getting in him, and it's good. And then Michich, like, who knows? Because you're right. The second LaMelo LaMelo Ball comes back, if that does happen, he's got no value whatsoever. The other 2 are gonna maintain theirs for the rest of the season. Okay. We'll do this last one real quickly. It's a good one to end on, kind of a more abstract question. Kage says advice besides the obvious for joining a Keeper League. It's my 1st year in Fantasy this year, and I'm by far in last because of injuries and joining a Keeper next year, and I wanna do what I can to be ahead. Yeah. Good question. I mean, it's a in some ways depends on on what kind of league you're entering. You know? Is it is it more of a dynasty format where you have contracts? Is it a keeper league where you could keep x number of players year over year? Are you doing a draft or an auction to start this league, or are you inheriting someone else's team? If it's the latter, you know, you're kind of at the mercy of what what they did with their roster. But, I mean, with the keeper league, there's there's one of 2 ways you can go. Right? You're either gunning for it right away or you're building for the future. Right? And my advice to you would be to to look at some mock drafts. You know, even ones from this year, you can try to find some early mock for next year as well. You know, we have we have keeper rankings on our site that I would push you toward as well, that we keep updated throughout the year. But it's really about choosing your lane. You know, I I what I would not tell you to do is try to do both. You know, in in some keeper leagues, you know, you could draft, you know, draft picks or draft rookies, you know, out of the the draft pool. I I wouldn't go too heavy on those if you wanna win next year. You know, someone in a keeper league, you know, someone like LeBron or Kevin Durant or Stephen Curry, those guys are gonna fall a little bit. You're going to see younger players pushed up the board. So in my opinion, it's relatively easy to build not like, you know, the number one team, but to build a competitive team right away if you want because a lot of other people, you know, kind of get yeah. And it's a strategy. I wouldn't say they get lost in this, but a lot of people, you know, really get the keeper mindset of, like, well, this guy's 30. I don't wanna take him. Right. There's there's gonna be a lot of, like, you know, DeRozan, Siakam types that you can load up on a little bit later in drafts and put together a really good team right away if you want to. And there's there are enough really good in in terms of building your roster at the top. There are enough superstar level players that are still in at the beginning of or in the middle of their prime to where you don't need to really worry about that with the top players that are on your roster. So you should be good in terms of the your top tier player that you're gonna roll over year over year. What you don't wanna do is get overly excited about rookies or second year players just because you're in a keeper league. The entire mission of being in a fantasy league is to win it. Any given year you get the opportunity, and in the 1st year of a keeper league is still that. You're still trying to win. Yeah. Outside of the these said outside of the obvious, so I'm actually gonna go off of the beaten path of just how to build the roster. Make sure you're in a league with committed fantasy managers that aren't gonna bow out in a year or 2. I think that's the key to building any successful keeper or dynasty league is you gotta get in with people that you know are gonna be committed year over year. I we hear this all the time in every sport. I'm gonna keep my Keeper League fell apart. I'm starting up a new one. That that takes all the joy out of it if you're constantly starting a new Keeper League. So find the right people, and then don't obsess over rookies. Alright. Great stuff as always today, Brandon. Great questions in the chat, guys. We appreciate you. We'll keep doing these pods through the rest of the regular season and into the playoffs 5 days a week. So tomorrow, you could catch doctor Ray and Rick Kamla on the pod. Friday, we'll have the waiver wire episode come in with Alex Barutha, Ken Crites, and Shannon McEwen. Check out Brandon's Picks videos on the Rotowire Twitter account. Go play on prize picks, and please like, subscribe, check out our channel. Helps us out immensely as we try to build this thing out. And check out rotawire.com/picks. If you're playing on on a pick site or you're just playing player props, we got great intel, an awesome tool over there. Rotawire.com/picks. Brandon, good stuff, man. We'll talk soon.