Welcome to the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by Underdog, Vivid Seats, and Rival Fantasy. It's Tuesday, November 14th. I'm doctor a. He is my former podcasting partner in crime in another world and another another time far, far away. That's Matt Straub. Let's go. Matt, are you impressed with my, production skills? I I cannot believe that you successfully orchestrated that. I have. My mind is blown. My mind is blown. It's incredible. You've I'm proud of you. I'm proud This is like a this is like a weird like, did you ever see the Seinfeld where it was, like, pseudo pseudo characters like Jerry's Bizarro Bizarro World, you mean? Bizarro World Seinfeld. Yeah. And, this is like Bizarro World round ball stew. Like, I'm hosting, and you're you're the guest, or you're the you're the you're not the straight man. Like, it's gonna be weird. I I have a feeling that the chemistry would be a lot better if it were reversed, but you never know. We're gonna find out right now. Who knows? We might revert. I mean, like, I might just take over and start hosting at some point. It could happen. I mean, if you feel like it's going off the rails and you need to do something to save it, man, by all means by all means, hop right in here. On it. I'll watch it closely. For those of you who don't know who Matt is, we worked together at NBC for a long time. We had a a long time podcast. I feel like we were just getting it to the point where it's about ready to explode. You know? I mean, we were on Joe Rogan's heels there for a minute. It was close. And then the whole thing the whole thing got blown up. So Yeah. Then it Whatever. Exploded. So what have you been up to, Matt? What are you what are you doing since last week? I've been, I've been working on a couple different sports podcasts, doing a little bit of sports TV writing. I did some writing TV writing for the, Women's World Cup over the summer. Still working on some sports podcast. Playing a lot of pickup basketball, Steve, and, battling, the leaves and acorns that are attempting to take over where I live. That's kind of the the big three for me. Okay. Okay. I have I've got, like, a big 7. Thanks for asking, by the way. You can't Yeah. How are things? You can't read this, but No. Etched onto this glass, it says closest to the pin winner that I won at a charity golf tournament of a 130 golfers, man. I stood I threw a dart. And last year, I I won I also went closest to the pin last year. Year. Last year, I got a dozen brand new golf balls. This year, I got a I got a cup. A nice tea glass. Got a little tea. Tea in there for anyone who's only listening. Some iced tea. It is iced tea. It is only iced tea. It's 11 AM. But, man, I I work at a golf course. I drive, Dahlonega wine tours. I drive a van full of drunk ladies from Atlanta around. I I I didn't your wife come up here and do that at some point? She did. She might have been a drunk lady on your wine tour for all I know. I I told her to call you. I'm surprised that she didn't, but That's odd. I'm thinking I'm going to maybe one of these days roll up in the Bobby Valentine. Remember when Bobby Valentine got, tossed from the game and put on the disguise? The must get the mustache. I'm gonna walk into your van with the with the mustache costume on and just see if you notice that it's me playing a different character. So And, you know, what else is weird about Bobby Valentine is is that who you said, Bobby Valentine? Yeah. And Bobby v's in, Stanford, Connecticut. Like, that was our old stomping grounds together. Mhmm. Old old Bobby Valentine's place. Matt, I'm super excited before we you know, here's what we're gonna do today. We're gonna talk news. Once we get all this gibberish out of the way, we're gonna talk news. We're gonna talk panic meter, guys that you and I are a little panicked about. We're gonna talk some hot players. Since I'm old as dirt, we might do a get off my lawn. And then I've got a huge bet segment set up for a day based on the fact that I realized at 5 o'clock this morning, that Victor William Nana and Chet Holmgren are going head to head tonight. The Spurs and thunder on TNT. Matt, how excited are you about that? I'm very excited. I'm very excited. I I think it's awesome that both of these guys are, you know, living up to the billing for the most part. Right? And, you you know, in terms of fantasy, you're talking about 2 of the top 5 guys in blocked shots. So, I mean, these both of these guys are are, very exciting. It's gonna be really fun to watch them go at it. I will I'll be dialed in, Steve. Man, I haven't because of your betting segment. I haven't looked at I think a lot of people are gonna be, dialed into that game tonight. I think people are gonna DVR that game, and I doubt it's because of my betting segment. But it met speaking of Wembley. I drafted him in 30 deep. I got him with the 25th pick. Okay, built my team around Wimby. I added De'Aaron Fox. I added Austin Reeves. I added guys I'm really excited about. Kobe White has been playing well. Like, I have not been this excited about my 30 team roster in a long, long time. And I have Cam Thomas too, but I haven't been able to run the whole squad out there together because Cam has hurt Darren Fox missed 5 games. We still haven't seen peak doctor a 30 to 30 d, but how are you how are you feeling about your team? Let me tell you how I'm feeling about my team, Steve. I am not in that league this year. I retired. That that is that is what happens when you and I don't talk, several times a week anymore. And when you're in a 30 team fantasy league, you actually don't notice who's in it. Usually, I don't even know who's on my team, but that one I do know who's on my team. Let alone the owners, the the managers in the league. I mean, yeah, or if I I could maybe name 5 of them right now. I think I'd been in that league going back to 2,008, and I decided it was time to, to not do it. You know, it's it's, it was time, Steve. I just stepped away. That is a step away. If we were still if we were doing it for money, I would still be in it. The fact that it's a a free 30 team league with no buy in, I can't do it. Well, since I don't have any money, the only leagues I like to play in are the ones that don't cost any money to keep in the cup. Fair enough. Alright, Matt. Let's hit some news. Damian Lillard joined us last night, played, after missing a couple games with a calf. Mhmm. I think if you looked up the definition of the word rusty in the dictionary right now, Damian Lillard's picture on a milk carton might be there. He was 3 of 17, one of 9, 12 points, 5 assists. Somehow, I still beat my friend Richard in FanDuel with Damian Lillard on my squad. Thank you, Pascal Siakam. Steve, let me ask you this. I know this is not the panic meter segment, and I wouldn't I wouldn't say I'm panicked about Lillard, but are we worried at all yet? I mean, I don't wanna overreact to this last game, but he's shooting 37% this year. I mean, I think ultimately it's Lillard and he's going to come around, but if you drafted him in the 1st round, you have to be a little bit concerned, right? There's there's got to be a little concerned, bro. Well, for first of all, for those of you scoring at home, that was the moment. Matt Stroup just took control of the show, and instinct and nature took over. It happened at 1109. It took 9 minutes. He's like, this kid is not gonna talk about basketball. I need to redirect him and get him on track. So that first of all, that was smooth and and very I I actually really appreciate the way you did that. No. I I am a little worried about Damon Lillard. I'm not gonna lie. I'm I'm actually more worried about the Bucks because you give away Drew Holiday. Right? You lose Drew Holiday. You didn't really give him away, but you lose Drew Holiday Yeah. Who is your defensive foundation along with Giannis. You replaced him with Damon Lillard who doesn't play defense. Now Lillard is not the man. He's playing with the man. Yeah. Then he gets hurt. He he hasn't looked that he's looked great in, like, one game. Right? He took over one game, and it's like, oh, maybe this is Dame's team. No. It's not, and he hasn't looked all that great. And now they lost, Jae Crowder, who's another, like, glue guy, defensive, kind of enforcer off the bench. I'm I don't think the Bucks are as good as people think they are, Matt. And and I'm a little worried about Dame Lillard in fantasy. Yes. Yeah. I mean, I'm not worried to the extent of what he's been around the top 60 or something like that so far just on a per game basis in a 9 category league. I'm not worried. I I think he's gonna jump up from that. I don't think he's obviously gonna shoot in the thirties. We know who this guy is. I just think maybe you're starting to get worried. Is he not gonna hit 1st round value? You know? I I think is a fair question to ask. Yeah. It is fair. And I mean, we're not James Harden worried. No. I No. No. No. I'm not gonna get an email from a guy or a tweet tweet from a guy saying, hey. Should I trade James Harden for for Cade Cunningham like I got last night? And I was like, yeah. You might as well do it, dude. I I don't I don't want James Harden on my team. Great question. Great question, Matt. De'Aaron Fox returns from a 5 game absence, the hero of my 3rd 18 league. Mhmm. Mhmm. Not only does he go off with 28 points, 6 assists, 2 triples, it's 11 to 20 shots. He did not look rusty. He looked exactly like he looked before he got hurt, but his teammates all went crazy. Sabonis, Keegan Murray, Kevin Herder all scored at least 20. That's 4 of 5 starters scoring 20 points, and then Malik Monk looks solid off the bench as usual. Herder's been kind of a monster for the last 2 games. Old red velvet. Sure. That is the crawl on your in your side. Welcome back to your inbox. Yeah, for sure. I mean, he looks great, has looked great. The only only small grip had with Fox is you wish he wouldn't quite miss the the the volume of free throws he misses. Right? He's at 75% in a limited amount this year on 7 attempts per game. That's a little annoying, but you'll live with it. The rest of the production is really good. Yeah. In my world, 75% is our goal for free throws since I'm a Luca Luca guy, like, 75 is the gold standard. Right. Yeah. So speaking of no Jay Crowder in Milwaukee, Jay Crowder had groin surgery. He's gonna be out a while like a long time. Bobby Portis, 2 months, I think. Yeah. Bobby Portis came off the bench, had 19 points, 10 boards, a block, hit 7 to 10 shots, 25 minutes. Khris Middleton is still well, we may talk about him later, but Khris Middleton's out there wandering around the court for 19 minutes a game on one leg. Another reason I'm worried about the Bucks, but is Bobby Portis suddenly a guy that you need to find a way to get on your team? I I think so. I'm generally encouraged. He's been solid like the the it's not quite as exciting as last year. The numbers are down, but, yeah, maybe it's not a one for 1 with Crowder, but Crowder was playing a lot of minutes. So maybe this opens up a bit more opportunity for Portis where he can get a bit closer to what he did last year, which was, you know, more like 14 and 10 per game where he's been around 12.6 boards this year. So I do think maybe Monday night was a start, and we start to see a bit more of the portas we saw last year, hopefully. Yes. I agree. Matt, where do you stand in the Bilal Koolabali camp? The Washington Wizards. Yeah, youngster who filled it up last night. I'm extremely intrigued. I will say that. I was looking at his game log, and I certainly don't have him on rosters, but I'm I'm feeling a little bit sad that I don't. We're talking about 7 steals and a block over the last 2 games, 5 threes, 7 rebounds, and 3 assists in each of those games. Yeah. I mean, when you think about what's going on with the Wizards, a guy like this should only continue to get more opportunity, you'd think. I talked about missed free throws. He has 1 for 4 from the line combined his last couple games. But other than that, this is a highly intriguing guy who is 28% roster in Yahoo Leagues. 28%. And if he's 28 yeah. If he's 28 in Yahoo, he's probably, like, 12 in ESPN. Yeah. And that 28 number is up 24% in the last week. So he added right and left. Bilak Koulibaly played 33 minutes for Washington. He bounces in and out the starting lineup. Danny Amdija is kinda playing playing well. So Koulibaly is he comes off the bench, but he played 33 minutes off the bench last time. He had 10.7 boards, 3 assists, 3 steals, a block, and a 3 pointer. And he's kinda he was kind of a steals machine in the preseason. People were getting kind of excited about him. He got off to a quiet start, with the regular season, but, man, he's he's coming on. If nothing else, y'all should at least go look up Koolabale today and and check them out. 1.1 steals 0.8 blocks 1.43 is in his limited playing time this season. I mean, it it's only November, but if you wanna think ahead to later in the season when the Wizards are season is, you know, even more off the rails, just imagine Koulibaly's opportunity and, some of the box scores he could be putting up. This is a guy you want. You could potentially play now, but this is a guy you also want stash for down the stretch. Yes. And on a side note, Kyle Kuzmin was great last night with 34 points and 4 triples for those Washington Wizards. Matt, I made a surety bet with our friend Noah Rubin. I I had my choice of anyone in the league who I thought might lead the league in scoring that might help me win a surety. Okay, and I took Jordan pool. Wait, you could take anyone like you could have taken Luca. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Zack, this is shocking. This I'm shocked by I'm shocked by this. It it is shocking. It's embarrassing, man. It's I'm I've not been able to sleep ever since that happened. So Yeah. I'm I'm I'm alarmed. Alright. Pascal Siakam had, like, almost 70 FanDuel points last night. Yeah. OG Anandome did not play. Turned the the dude that started in his place. It was Otto Porter, I believe. Otto Porter started for Pascal Siakam, but it was I mean, started for OG Aninobi, but it was Siakam who went crazy with 39 points, 11 boards, 7 assists, 3 steals. Dennis Schroder was imitating Dame Lillard last night and hit 1 of 12 shots for the Raptors. That was hugely disappointing, but, it's hard to be mad at Schroder. He's been awesome this year. Siakam obviously is a different player. I think if OG Annoebi's not out there stealing half his thunder every night. Yeah. Siakam 3230 point games this season and they're they've come in his last 3 games as for Schrader. I mean, yeah, he has gone off to a great start. I do find myself wondering, he's been such a frustrating fantasy guy in recent years where he kind of hovers around that top 150 Mark. You're asking yourself. Is this guy actually helping or hurting my fantasy team? What are you better off? He's on the waiver wire. He's like, right. He said, right on that line this year. He's been better than that, but I guess I'm looking for any sort of signs that it might be unraveling that one for 12. Not gonna overreact to that, but I certainly, wouldn't be surprised to see Schroder kind of, descend a bit after his incredible start because it's been it's been a little bit better than he's been in recent years. Man, I think the the term the saying, the phrase that you're looking for is you're waiting for the other shoe to drop. Yes. That would work. That would work. Yes. Yes. I I took a longer route there, but yeah. Yeah. Similar idea. You're taking Schroder with a grain of salt. Early Schroder with a grain of salt. Yeah. And I, you know, I don't know. I'd be more worried about Schroder's history if Schroder had some competition in Toronto, but I just don't feel like he does. Like, I don't know who else would play point guard there. Yeah. So I think Shooter's Shooter's good to go. And, note to self, if OG Anunoby ever misses another game, you you better have, Pascal Siakam in your lineup. Matt, did you know Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for best ball leagues, including fantasy basketball? Underdog's featured best ball tournament for the upcoming NBA season has $500,000 in total prizes. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code RWNBA. Is it underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today, and use promo code RW NBA to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Matt, on the heels of that thing I just I just spoke about, I'm going to unveil right now my $5 to win $500 parlay that I threw together. I threw this together on underdog.com today this morning at 5 a. M. $5 to in 500 at 5 a. M. I couldn't love symmetry. I was so excited about the show. I couldn't sleep. I had notes I had to make. I'm adding to our Google doc on my phone, in my bed. My wife's like, the hell, dude. It's 5 AM. What is wrong with you? I'm like, calm down. I have a huge I have a huge show today. Huge show. So here it is. And then, Matt, you you and I have talked about this. Like, when you when you set one of these little 5 banger parlay deals on underdog, You feel like when you look at it, like, well, how could how could this guy not hit 2, 3 pointers? Yeah. How could Yeah. It's a done deal. How can how can how can Bilal Koulibaly not get one steal tonight? Right? Yeah. Yeah. But it's a little harder than you think to have all 5 guys do what they're supposed to do every night. And Mhmm. Well, you know, some called probability, Steve. Little math lesson there. Well, especially when you're clicking on the the guys that have the little pepper next their name, and it's like Yeah. Those are the ones that are that jacked up odds when that's when you get $500 for spending 5. Right. If you're taking a bunch of gambles. But, man, you look at it on on paper and it's like, so how does this how does this not happen? Here it is, man. Okay. I got 33 guys that need to double double tonight. That's all we gotta do. 10 points, 10 boards, 10 points, 10 assists, whatever. Okay. Luka Doncic. Alright. Walking on walking double double. Done. Beef Stew, Isaiah Stewart, Detroit Pistons big man. 1711 last game, had a 1711 earlier. Jalen Duran is not walking through those doors tonight. I don't think that your guy who's who's the dude that got drafted by the Kings in front of Luca? Bagley? Marvin Bagley. Bagley's probably gonna start, but I don't think he's gonna I I I just need some beef stew love tonight. No Worried about that one. Chet Holmgren, national TV, going against Wimby, chip on his shoulder. Everybody talks about Wimby. Nobody talks about me. Watch this. How does he not double double? So if I need those 3 guys just to simply get a double double, I need a a man named Shay Gilgeous Alexander to hit 2 three pointers. Okay. Not outrageous. 48 minutes of basketball, 2 threes. No. I'll give you that one. I need his teammate, Jalen Williams, to score 18 points. Matt, if all those things happen, I'm taking you to a winery in my van. Jalen Williams off a 30 point game. Steve, I think I'm most worried about your Chet, double double. I gotta say Okay. Alright. 3 of them, 3 of them this season for for Chet. So he certainly can do a 3 in, I believe, 10 games. So that's the one that I think maybe maybe makes this whole thing happen. That that's the one that has to fall for you. No. And also I can see Chet getting a double double in the first half and the none of these other guys hitting theirs. So Yeah. I mean, you could easily go over 5 on this. I hope not. I need the I need the I need the big win. I need it to happen. All right. Let's move on. Let's move on to the panic meter. Yes, please. Let's move on to the panic meter. Unless you have it. Do you have an underdog tail or do you have a bet for this evening that you got your eye on? I don't have a 5. I don't have a 55 banger. I had a couple. I was looking at, you know, I was actually looking at the chat. Well, I'll keep it with Chet. I was looking at 17.5 points and assists over on that. That he's he's gone over that in 4 out of his last 6 games. So I'm just gonna throw that at you as a as an option. Okay? That's research right there. That's research. 7 and a half points and assists over chat. That's that's my chat. That's my Chet bet. Well, the other thing I could do is when we're done here, I could just obsess about those 5 players for the rest of the day and just keep building different parlays and just keep picking different categories and I like that. And just go $5 a pop until I hit, like, $300. I like that. And then one of them has to hit. Right? One of them one of them has to. That's math. Alright. If you are enjoying this video and enjoy this podcast, hit the like and subscribe buttons because they tell me that really, really helps, and I believe them. And I don't know who they is, but also math. Is what I'm told. It is like a go it's like a math class. Matt, before we get into the panic meter, I'm gonna take a quick look at the comments and see if there's a question here that we should look at this right here. Brenda Jones. It's great to see us together again. That is fantastic. That is fantastic. Good morning, guys. Do you think it's safe to drop scoot Henderson? I already have Anthony Simons and Walker Kessler. Nina IL spot. Man, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna go ahead and say, yeah. I I am okay with it if you have to. We're talking about a guy who was looking like a potential lot major liability in 2 categories before the injury. Right? Low field goal percentage around 35%, 4 turnovers per game. That's hard to overcome in fantasy leagues. We talk about guys who sink you in 2 of those categories, percentages, and turnovers. It's tough. And he's a rookie. I mean, yeah, there could be some great games in his future, but I I'm okay with it if you have to. Plus, we don't even know when we're gonna see him again. Yeah. Here are some guys that I'm a little worried about. Devin Booker. I'm just gonna rattle these off. Yeah. Right. We don't have to spend a lot of time on it, but Devin Booker's missed 5 straight games. That's a little concerning to me. This whole Bradley Beal is playing again. That's gonna be interesting to see that dynamic when they get back. I'm just I just thought Booker's was gonna be back a while ago. I think he had a his ankle was hurt and then it turned into his calf. I've some breaking news for you, Steve. I'm being told that Booker is returning Wednesday. I was breaking news as of 11:11 AM. Thank you. I just saw that. Thank you. Like, Shuck also just told us that as well. So Deandre Hunter has scored 4, 8, 12, and 10 points in his last 4 games. Before that, he was kinda balling out for the Hawks. They've got this 3 headed monster with Saddiq Bey and and Jalen Johnson. You are I you I I would consider you one of the top 5 Deandre Hunter, Experts in the country. Oh, thank you. Yes. So I would like to know what your take is on Deandre Hunter. Well, I'll be honest. It's been a complete roller coaster because at the start of the season, I was thinking myself, man. This is the guy that we saw a couple years ago, who was was actually putting it all together for the Hawks. And this is a guy they had to have on the floor, and he was looking like that version of Deandre Hunter. You know, you talk about the first five games. He had a 27 point game in there. He had a 23 point game in there. But, yeah, the last 4 have been rough. I think Miami in their win over the hawks was pretty happy anytime Deandre Hunter dribbled. I mean, like, he was just he was turning it over, and I don't know, man. The hawks, I think, are better when Hunter does less. I gotta be honest. I think the hawks are better when Hunter plays defense and when he catches and shoots. So I I don't know that high usage Hunter is gonna be the blueprint, for the most part, and I think he's kind of a fringe guy in fantasy. I mean, he does have a steal in a block in each of his last two games. I have seen him contesting shots a bit more aggressively. He had a pretty nasty block in the last game actually, and that's kind of in a weak spot for him is a defensive stats. So I think I'm hanging on to him if I picked him up, but I am tempering my expectations a bit and I think he's probably going to be a lower end Fringe guy as opposed to like, oh, here he comes. He's like a mid round player. If he I think he's going to revert to play in like he was for the first 10 days of the season at some point. Bobby Raffman is with me on that. Like, I don't think, I don't think DeAndre Hunter is automatic throwaway. I just don't, I don't I think I dropped him where I had him, and I picked up hot free agents who play more games. And I think that's sort of where we're at with Deandre Hunter. He's probably gonna be one of those guys that bounces on and off of waiver wires all year. But there are times Yeah. 4 game week, I I wouldn't mind throwing Deandre Hunter out there. Yeah. We've really seen both sides of the argument, honestly, through this first stretch of the season. Yeah. Matt, who are some guys on your panic meter? I also have Markelle Fultz on there. Yeah. Me tendinitis, and I think I think you've got a guy coming up later that maybe go ahead. Yeah. Well, no. I I I with you on Markelle Fultz. I dropped him in a shallow league recently, and I really haven't looked back. I think there's a chance that he figures it out as well, but you're talking about a point guard who doesn't really hit threes and, you know, his County stats were good last year, but not anything you're going to regret dramatically. I think if he gets it going and it is crowded with Jalen Suggs playing. Well, I think a guy we're going to talk about later. So I agree with you on faults. I mean, I think we have to talk about James Harden for a second, 13.5 points per game. We haven't seen him averaging in the teens in scoring since the early 20 tens. I know it's only 4 games. You expect him to be better than this, but he's 34 years old. And Steve, the Vibes are are so so bad. So so make you so nervous with the Clippers right now. Yeah. If if he is the system, I don't I don't like that that system. I don't I don't wanna be in that system if he is the system. I mean, everybody knew going in that this was gonna be a science experiment, and there's a lot of, flammable chemicals involved. And, you know, something bad could happen at any any given second with this. So, yeah, I mean, I I had 0 interest in touching hard in this year and I'm glad I didn't. Right. And I will say if you ended up with him, I don't think now is the time to trade him away. I do think you weather this, try to weather this for a couple more weeks as he gets ramped up. See if the scoring average gets closer to, I don't know, 18 points per game, something like that. He's gonna be a lot more potentially a lot more tradable a couple weeks from now. Whereas I can't imagine getting really worse than this. Honestly, I guess it could, but I can't imagine his numbers really getting worse. Well, you know, it's James Harden, right? I mean, dude. Yeah, I get this. I'm just the beginning. I don't know. Yeah, I guess I'd are on the side of trying to be patient. The one other one I want to mention. I had several but this is Walker Kessler. Oh, no. Oh, Tyce Jones. I'm Tyce Jones was on my way. Shot. I took a shot. I missed. You were right. I was about to talk about Tyce Jones, and then I switched for some reason. So the question is, is Tyce Jones a drop? The Wizards clearly don't want to win. But at what point does the front office? Let them try. Steve, I probably should have let you read that, but I read it. No. No. Tyce Jones averaging 9 points 5 assists. This is not what I think any of us signed up for given the opportunity. We know that he's been really good when he's gotten a chance to start for the Grizzlies. I'm gonna hang on to Monday's game, 10 points, 8 assists, 2 threes, and call that a step in the right direction. I am not gonna drop Tyus Jones if I can avoid it. I think better days are ahead. Steve. The 2 t Jones has really been disappointing thus far. Mhmm. Trey and ties. They're both point guards. They're both maligned. I'm I get questions about dropping both of them way more than I wish I would. I thought when I was drafting them late in my drafts. I was getting good quality. Good quality guys for my team, but I don't know that I was. Alright, Matt. Let's move on to Walker Kessler. We've we've we've talked about Tyus Jones enough. Fittingly, in the middle of the panic meter segment, I bumped into my microphone and nearly knocked it over. So I I feel like that was an appropriate moment. Yeah. Walker Kessler got off that slow start. Now he's injured. I I think this is actually a probably a by low situation for me, but I understand the panic. I just think even with the terrible start, I mean, he's still getting a lot of blocks. He had a couple monster games in there mixed in with the frustrating ones. I just think eventually, Utah is not that good. This guy's gonna get his opportunity. And with him injured would be, I think, a great opportunity to try to trade for a guy who's a real difference maker in blocks. You know, that suresy bet that no one I made also involved. He took Walker Kessler for blocks. I took Victor Wibanyama. Okay. Pretty good about that one right now. Yeah. Tell us about Cade Cunningham because I I find your information here to be shocking, simply shocking. Do you? I Yeah. Not really. I I think that I just think panic is maybe not the appropriate word for Kate Cunningham, but I will say, I think there's a chance that this guy is pulling down your roster in, like, a 9 category league more than you realize. Because Talking about a rough field goal percentage on very high volume. High turnovers doesn't really get defensive stats. So I think it's easy to look at, you know, the points, the assists, the threes and say, oh, yeah, this is this is going well and not realize that he's kinda sinking you in a couple of categories. And while not helping you, you know, not getting you steals that you'd want out of that position. So to me, he's not a guy I was drafting for some of these reasons. I think maybe you could put him into a trade, given his name recognition and the high scoring and all of that. And, you know, you might be able to get a guy who's not going to, drag your team down in a couple of those categories. The NBA season is here on behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats. Let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. Because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visitvividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Oh my gosh. $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vivid Seats, experience it live. Matt, get off my lawn, old man rant. I don't know if you have anything here. Maybe you do. I don't know. I was sitting at a restaurant called Miller's Ale House, famous chain. They're all over the place. We're watching the second half of the Falcons game. I'm sure you're excited to talk to me about the Falcons today. So I have no idea what's going on. All I know is I've got 4 of my 5 leg parlay has hit, and I've got Danny Gafford with 5 rebounds at halftime. He only needs 2 rebounds the entire second half, and I win a bazillion dollars. Right? I don't think he played a minute in the second half. I don't think he yeah. He he didn't have any rebounds. He finished with 5 rebounds. I don't know if he got Kula Bali'd. I don't know if he got ejected. I I was too wrapped up in what Artie Smith was doing, blowing up on the television in front of me. I never was able to find out, but why why does Vegas hate me, Matt? That's why I brought you on the show today. Can you can you explain to me and the people why does Vegas hate me? That's that's painful, but that I feel like that's a little bit of the the Daniel Gafford experience. Right? You kinda gotta counting on that guy for one game, Steve, is so risky. You've kinda got just throw him. I I don't want I don't want swallow, Matt. You I don't know. I don't want to get a second down. This is helpful information to you now, but I don't know that I want Gafford in a 5 leg parlay. I I want him in my fantasy lineup for, you know, a week or 2 and just let that play out. It's it's volatile, Steve. His minutes are all over the place. Let me turn around last night. 26. 26:9 boards. So I had it. I I just I just don't understand. No. I know. I and and that's that's especially tilting while the Falcons are predictably melting down to have that happen. Makes it a tough Sunday for you. How is it that anyone is still a diehard Falcons fan, Matt? Can you can you explain that to me? I I, I've had to emotionally distance myself a little bit. I still watch the games, but I fully expect the the heartbreaking loss to happen. I was talking to, not to derail us here, but I'll I'll make this quick. I was talking to a Bears fan, who lives near me the other day, and he was like, oh, you guys have the the Cardinals. That should be a pretty easy win for you. I was like, no, no, no, no, no. This is this game is gonna be incredibly sweaty, and I will not be surprised when the Falcons lose it. And that's what happened because that's that's Arthur Smith Ball in the year 2023. That's just what we're doing. Yeah. Oh, and then last night, I needed a double double from Jared Allen. Uh-huh. Twelve points, 9 boards. You had the whole Q4 to get a rebound. Just didn't okay. Hot players, man. Hot players. Who you got? Hot players. Who do I have? Oh, you know what? I this is a name that we talked a bit about earlier. It's Jalen Suggs. We only mentioned in passing in connection to Markelle Fultz. But Steve, I just feel like this guy's been one of the revelations of the early part of this NBA season and the fantasy season averaging 2.1 steals 0.6 blocks. His percentages were bad early in his career, but his free throw percentage is up over 80. I I just think this former top 5 pick looks like he's finally putting it together. He's a guy who, if you've watched a magic game, just plays this incredibly tenacious defense. He's super aggressive going for steals, fun player to watch, and I think he's I think he's here to stay in this Magic rotation and in our fantasy lineups. Yeah. And Cole Anthony is combining with Jalen Suggs to to make this Markelle Fultz thing tough. It is a 3 headed monster point guard. So, yeah, Jalen Suggs has been good. Like, I like I like him in DFS a little more than I like him in straight up fantasy. But yeah, I he's been he's been good. Matt. Here's one that's relevant to what we were talking about from Brian be. Should I drop Killian Hayes and pick up the law, kulabalay, 10 teams, 9 cats. Would you do it? That's a close. That's a close one. I think for me, I'm probably going to play for cool. The unknown of coulibaly over the sort of relatively known of killing Hayes. Although, killing Hayes has been solid. I think it depends on how willing you are to, take a a short term loss for a long term gain. Does that make sense? Like, I think there's certainly a chance you drop Killian Hayes, and he has a better game his next game out than Koulibaly does. But long term, I think Koulibaly is a play I wanna make. Well, in Koulibaly, the the bottom line is is Rick Kamlo likes to say is fantasy gold. He's Yeah. His steals blocks and threes are are just so valuable if if he does that long term. And the way the the way the Wizards are headed, like, I why would they not play this guy a 1000 minutes a night? He's he's fun to watch too. So Yeah. With you. Talk to me about Dyson Daniels, man. Yeah. This is just a a guy who I I picked up recently. I mean, we know that the Pelicans have a bunch of injuries. Right? Herb Jones has been out. CJ McCollum's out. I think there was some hope that, oh, maybe Jordan Hawkins is gonna take off, and he did have a 31 point game, but he's been a little erratic shooting the ball. So I turned to Dyson Daniels. He's coming off a 17.9 rebound, 4 assists stat line, 3 3 pointers in that game. I think he had a 10.10 rebound double double before that. Steve speaking of double doubles, We also know this is a guy who can pile up a bunch of Steel's. He didn't have one last game out, but 16% roster. I think in Yahoo leagues at last check. This is a guy that I'm I'm going to pick up in the short term and see where this goes. Yeah. I'm still hanging out in the Jordan Hawkins camp Okay. Since I picked him up everywhere Uh-huh. And need him to play well. Yeah. I'm still still hanging in there with him. He's starting. He's getting 30 minutes, but, I think it's kind of a coin toss right now between these 2 guys. And, yeah, they're they're both worth consideration. I don't mind the Jordan Hawkins thing. I think at this point, you've taken after that 31 point game. You've taken a 4411, a 4411 and a 3413. I think you almost have to roll with them again here on Tuesday night and just and just see if he explodes because I mean, it sounds like the you explode. I mean, he's do it has to happen. Yeah. This is math. I'm putting him in an underdog lineup right when we're done. Man. Look at this questions. Brian b again. Brian Brian b's blowing us up, but he's got good stuff. Someone just dropped Walker Kessler. My other league 14 teams. Wow. Just that's a run. Don't walk. That's alright. Yeah. That's a run situation. Get out, leave right now, and just go pick them up, and then come back. We'll probably still be fine. Don't leave. Stay for the end of the podcast, and then go to it. Or try to open up a tab. This is all on it it's all stored. Like, I I was gonna say it's all on tape. They don't say tape anymore. Right? Well, yeah. We're not tape it yet. It's yeah. It's a long thing. I don't have time to explain it to you, but, yeah, there's no tapes involved here. Can you explain it to me? Maybe off there when we're done? Off air. Yes. We'll conference one of my hot guys is Skyler Mays. Kid running the point in Portland, 2 straight double doubles. Anthony Simons is done for a while. Damian Lillard, I don't know if you heard this, doesn't play for Portland anymore. Scoot Henderson, we haven't seen him for a long time. He did not look good when we did see him. Skyler Mays to me should be rostered in every league there is, man. Yeah. I think I I haven't seen whether they converted his contract from a two way. I believe he's on a two way contract with the Blazers, but you have to imagine that's gonna happen the way he's playing, 15 points, 12 assists, 18 points, 11 assists his last two games. See, I'm just saying, I think I saw on underdog is higher, lower on assist is 8 and a half. So I'm just putting that in your putting that into your orbit. I bet a double double has a fat chili pepper, but it is like 22.5 max. Yeah. Jaime hakez. I don't know. He says No. You said it. Talk to me about this team, man. Place for the place for the, the heat. Right? Yep. Yep. Tyler Harry goes down. Yep. Nobody's talking about Jaime Hackers. Suddenly, he's blowing up every night, every category. Yeah. I I added him recently. He's only 18% rostered in Yahoo. If you're just just objectively, if you're not a Heat fan, it's super annoying that they got this guy because he's such a polished college player who who, like, just kind of a plug and play ready made NBA rotation player. So, yeah, I think this is they did have Butler miss a game, but I think this is directly tied to Tyler Herro, who we know is out for a number of weeks. So I'm on board with it 38, 32 minutes his last two games. He's been filling up the stat sheet. So, yeah, you can count me in on this one. Well yeah. And Butler was out for, I think, his really big game. But, he's averaging 10 points, 4 boards, 2 assists, 2 2 steals, a triple over his last 6 games. He scored between 11, 20, and 3 straight. He's playing big minutes for the heat, and, it's pretty fun. Matt, we're gonna blow through these. I'd like to we need to get out of here. Yeah. Relatively soon. So don't skip Keontae George, though. Don't say I'm not going to Keontae George in Utah matter of time before he starts going off. What would you like to say about that? No. I I completely agree. I I think that, you know, it's it seems like he's taken over from Talen Horton Tucker's a starting point guard. He's he's only scored 7 points in each of his last two games, but he has 911 assists, and he is an aggressive scorer. I think, you know, he was 2412 last game. I think there's a chance that comes around. So, yeah. And Utah's had a bunch of 3 game weeks. Like, as soon as Chianti has a 4 game week. I think that's what I'm gonna. That's what I'm gonna swoop in. Make my move. I mean, look, I don't I have been talking about my concern about field goal percentage with some other players. So that is something I'm watching closely with George, but I certainly think given the opportunity. He at least needs to be stashed on your bench. Reggie Jackson. You're probably not fired up about this one, but Jamal Murray's gone till December. My cleft, Jean. Reggie has 4 games. This week has 4 games. Next week, no one else is playing point guard for Denver except Reggie Jackson. I don't think he's gonna get a ton of fantasy gold, but I think he's gonna put up solid numbers Mhmm. In back to back 4 game weeks, which is all you can really ask for from a waiver wire pickup. I accept it. I'm fine with it. Bismack about it. I don't feel bad about it. Bismack Bienbo gets picked up off the waiver wire the literal waiver wire by the Memphis Grizzlies. Comes in immediately. He goes for 9 and 10 in a block every night. He's been pretty sweet. And then with no one in the car with junior in Orlando, Goga and Moe Wagner, Goga Bitazie and Moe Wagner both putting up, intriguing stat lines. Serviceable and intriguing stat lines, Matt. Little throwback. Yeah. I'm on board with it. I I'm especially on board with the, Biambo thing. I know you love the Busy Bee, Steve, and he's been quite good. And and big opportunity there at center for Memphis at the moment. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale, basketball synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans the storylines. They raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Every player matchup and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rotowire now and get a $200 deposit match. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. See you in the arena. Matt, you've mentioned we're going back to we're going back to bets for the night to to wrap the show up. You mentioned Chet. You were you were lacking Chet. The 17.5 points and assists. I already said that one that that was the best one. I dug up this morning. So well, let's talk about your other one because this is a guy that I don't think I would throw a roll of nickels at if I had it unless I was trying to knock him out and well, wow. Wow. Okay. Aggressive aggressive aggressive. Well, it's and did it do I feel great about this one? No, but in short, it's Kyle Lowry over 15 and a half points and assists. He is coming off a rest game. They play Charlotte on Tuesday. I believe he's off the injury report based on the latest I saw. Obviously, follow-up on that, but he had 20 points and assists a couple games ago. He had 21 points and assists. The last game, he's playing big minutes at the moment, 33, 35, 33, the last 3 games. Heroes out. I just think, yeah. I think that's a that's a an number that Kyle Lowry can clear even if you don't love having him in a in a parlay or in your fantasy lineup. Yeah, I yeah. Yeah, you're probably gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and disagree. Yeah. I said, I don't feel great about that one, but but I it was close enough that I said, hey, Let's let's give that one a look. Well, you were you were with me last year, I think, when I decided that I was done with Kyle Lowry. For sure. I drafted Kyle Lowry about 17 consecutive years in my fantasy leagues, and then I I kind of bailed last year, but here he comes again, you know, here he comes, Steve. Isn't that a Dolly Parton song? Here you come again. We'll add that to the agenda for our post call. Yeah. Okay. Let's do that. And the the one that I put together last night when I was planning this whole show out, but then it I woke up in the middle of the night and I was like, oh my God, Joel embiid is questionable. Now, like, what is going to happen? Mhmm. I I can't get on here and do a do an underdog bet that has a guy that's not gonna play in it. So I panicked and I went to the those Luca 5 banger special for $500. Was that $500? That's crazy, dude. This other one that I did is $2 to win $25. A little more reasonable, possibly. Sure. So the Indiana Pacers, I don't know if you paid attention to this map. They're giving up, like, a 150 points a game. Right? I yeah. I've I've been watching some of those games. They're just being getting trucks. So Joel Embiid out there against them, kind of just him and Tyrese Maxey. 49.5 total points, rebounds, and assists seems very gettable to me for Joe. I mean, Benedict met 57 last game or something like that. Yeah. He's probably averaging 50 a night, I would guess, total of those. Benedict Matherin. I've got him at over 14 points 14 and a half points. He kind of went all he's been going off kind of he's been up and down. Now I get this could go either way with Benedict Matherin. Tyrese Halbert leading the league in assists. You only need to get 10 and a half tonight. It seems like a done deal. What can they do? It gets a little gets a little sketch right here with Bruce Brown needing 2, 3 pointers. But Matt Okay. Bruce Brown hits 6 three pointers. Was that the first game of the season for the Pacers? I'm not really sure, but I'm I know Bruce Brown has his 6 triple game under his belt this season. Yeah. You know, I don't love this one. Even if it wins, it's only $25, but that would be that would be nice. I'm not gonna turn $25 down. No. Bruce Brown is your big wild card here though. He has one exactly one three pointer in 4 of his last 5 games. It's math. He's dude. He's dude. It's math. He's due for 3 pointers for Brown put on the board. Well, Matt, this is throwback just like the old days. Yeah. If you haven't checked out the rotor wire draft kit, check it out. You can try rotor world for good Lord. The right you can try Roto Wire for free at rotawire.com/try. I'm guessing that's, like, the 3rd, maybe 4th time that I've made that slip. And, Matt, you know from working with me, historically, I can't even get NBA players' names correct. Yeah. For sure. I mean, I mixed up who was it? Boucher? Uh-huh. And Bosch. And Bosch. Boucher. All the time. So you throw me with 2 words that have a w for the second word and a roto in the first word. I mean, what are the chances I'm gonna get that right? Like, 37% maybe? I don't know. It's tough. Yeah. But you're tired of you hitting hitting one of these 5, 5 leg parlays tonight. And you're getting that right? Hey, dude. If I hit if I hit for 500, you're coming up here. We're playing golf, and we're going to wineries. We're taking our ladies. My kids will watch your kids, and we're just we're just gonna have a time. Alright. We might have to do that anyway. Well, we should, but I stopped asking. You were always like, oh, I can't I can't I I can't make it I can't make it. Can't make it. I didn't I never saw I never saw a window where you were actually going to get in your car and drive into Lana, get to play golf. Well, now I'm gonna do it. So just show up by me in that mask. And I wonder if I wonder if underdog could set that up for us, and we could bet on it. Perfect. Perfect. Matt, it's been great. It's just like old times. It's a great catching up. That's what I like about doing this Tuesday show is I have a different different guest on every week, and it's usually one of my long lost pals from the past. Next week, Matt, you might be interested in this. Keelan, my friend Keelan from Indianapolis, my long time. Oh, great. FanDuel rival and original member of the 1st Fantasy League I ever started, in the early nineties is going to be joining me, and that is going to be spectacular. Probably the 1st Fantasy League ever anyone ever played in, to be honest. Well, McCaleb claims that he started fancy basketball. I I must have been second. Okay. Alright, man. Thank you for coming on. We'll do this again sometime because it was a blast. Yeah. It was a blast, Steve. Thanks for having me. Alright. We'll see you, man.