Hey. We're doing it live. It is the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Today is Thursday, December 14th. I'm doc. That's Rick. We are getting ready to talk about fantasy hoops, and, a guy named Wimby went nuts last night, right after this sweet, sweet jam. It is Rick Kamla. It is Steve Alexander, aka doctor a. We're the OGs. This is the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. Doc, you you had me absolutely cracking up through that whole open right there. I love a doctor a cold open. It's, it it's it's different, man. But you the man. How you doing, dude? Let's get back to work here. Let's have some fun. The people are already piling in here. We got Clarence Beaks. We got, Free Key. We'll have we we love you all, man. Keep coming in here. Ask us questions. We'll field those questions. But how the hell are you, dude? Well, doctor a cold open is a very special thing because I I do absolutely no thinking about it or what I'm gonna say until I'm actually live and on the air. So, anything could actually happen in those, and and they're usually, yeah. I don't know. They're they're funny funny how how do you mean funny? Like, funny anyway, Draymond Green is making noise. I I'm okay, man. My voice I I did a little, regimen, get my voice in order for the show. I've got at least 40 minutes in me. So let's, let's roll. Let's roll, man. Let's roll. Alright. Let's start with this Draymond thing. Let let's at least touch on, on Wembley and Davis. Even if it's I mean, we can't offer you a lot of fantasy advice with these guys. They're both sensational. Okay? But maybe we can do and ah about it a little bit. But, Draymond Green, guys, has been suspended indefinitely by the NBA, for obviously clubbing, Nurkic upside the dome, the other night with the closed hand with the with the open hand. You know, another ruthless, stupid, senseless, violent act by Draymond Green. It better be 20 games, okay, before they let him back in and let him out of the penalty box. Ja Morant got 25 games for a second infraction. Draymond Green has 487 infractions. Okay? He needs to sit in the penalty box for at least 20 games. I I'm not saying he should never play again. I'm not saying that he should miss the rest of the season. Although, I wouldn't be mad at that ruling. I would get it, but I'm tired of Draymond in this MMA bullcrap. Doc, I am not a fight game guy. Okay? I used to be big into boxing with Tyson and Sugar Ray and Thomas Hearns and all those legends, man. Boxing doesn't do it for me anymore. None of those other sports, Like, we're we're stopping on a dude's face, and he's bleeding out. What are we doing here? And and it's in Vegas, and there's hotties everywhere. Like, what are we freaking doing here, man? I don't get it. Anyway, Randy So is the is the 487 infractions the actual number, or is that a guest guesstimate? It's a sarcastic it's a sarcastic number. Dude, it might be accurate, though. It's actually not that far off. I should've gone with, like, 1975. Right? That would've been like, alright. Now you're just being funny. Well, Dake actually thought that 487 might might be the actual number here of infractions by Draymond Green. Who knows? If you include off the court stuff, and who the hell knows? But, doc, I wanted to get that off my chest. If you, want to attack the suspended indefinitely thing, you go down that road at all, do it, or we can spin it and talk about fantasy basketball beneficiaries of Draymond going bye bye for a while. Well and not only fantasy. Like, let let's count in the ways this makes people's lives better. Alright? Steve Kerr does not have to deal with Draymond Green for the next month or however long. He's gotta be he's gotta be feeling good about that. Steph Curry does not have to deal with Draymond Green or the distractions that come with it. Zach Wiggum, one of my best friends, texted me last night. He's like, Draymond Green, out indefinitely. I can finally cut him and sleep at night. So fantasy managers, right, they get to drop Draymond Green. They feel better. We get to watch the warriors and get to see guys like Jonathan Kuminga and our boy, Pozemski, go out there and ball out now because Draymond's not out there slowing down the offense and clogging up the middle and ruining our nights. Like, everybody wins, Rick. Literally, everyone wins. I like the take, and I like how you spun us around, really the basketball universe right there. Now Steve Kerr is all butt hurt and boohoo about this. Right? I mean, he is the Draymond whisperer. He is he is the the biggest to blame for the enabling of Draymond Green and the creation of this monster that we now have and, enabling that has been cosigned by the NBA. Let's remember, people. Draymond Green, punched Jordan Poole in practice, a punch that Poole didn't see coming. He sucker punched him. Okay? The Warriors find him internally. We still don't know that number. They didn't suspend him. The NBA could've suspended him. They did not suspend him. Okay? So the NBA is culpable here as well in terms of cosigning. I'm not saying the NBA wants this behavior, but the NBA should've banged on Draymond Green well before this indefinite suspension. Okay. So I wanna make a point here, doc, about, you know, some beneficiaries and stuff like that. Jonathan Kuminga and Chris Paul. Okay? Specifically starting here with with Chris Paul. I traded him to Ken Kreitz, the k train, in the Cam Dynasty, and and that move has not gone my way. I traded him because Draymond came off of the Gobert suspension, and I knew that Paul is not the same dude when Draymond is there. They don't need as much from him. Okay? Wasn't in finishing lineups for the team, and so is weird. Right? So I trade him to Kreitz and, and and thinking that Draymond would be back and playing and and the hub of offense and all that kind of stuff. That ain't happening, guys. Chris Paul is now gonna be the hub of the offense. Okay? I don't know if he's gonna start. We'll find out tonight against the Clippers, but it doesn't matter. He's going to play 30 plus minutes. He is going to finish games, okay, like he did the other night in the, who'd they play? Was it Phoenix the other night? It was the Nurkic, like he did the other night. He was with the finishing group. And so I I think Chris Paul, Doc is gonna flirt with double doubles, give you 3, 4, 5 rebounds, give you, you know, 1 to 2 steals. You know, the 3 ball was a disaster in the 1st few weeks of the season. He's now got that dialed in. You know, the middies where he comes off the screen and gets you going downhill and pulls back, you know, with that little fade away from the free throw line. He's back in rhythm on that, and so I think Chris Paul is totally ready to go here. And, and Jonathan Kuminga, doc, I I he's very light in the blocks and rebounds, and it drives me crazy because you're long and you're an athletic dude. Okay? He's gotta ramp up that part of his game, but this is a guy that's gonna flirt with 20 points every night here without Draymond. Yeah. I think I think for me, my my pickups is Podgemski first. And then, mainly, this is what have you done for me lately. That game that Draymond got thrown out out of, Podgemski had a great game. He had a double double, scored more than 20 points. You know, 3 weeks ago, you were like, time to pick up Podgemski and roll with him. Well, now it officially, I think is I like, every single warrior benefits from the absence of Draymond Green, really, from top to bottom. But I like Podgemski quite a bit. I think Kuminga we're finally gonna get to see Kuminga play at least. And I'm with you. His his his big man stats are light. He he he plays more like a shooting guard than a power forward, but he looks kinda like a power forward. So I I wish he was more aggressive and used his body more. And then I think Darius Saric, Homie, is gonna is gonna get some run. And, all 3 of those guys, all 4 everybody we've talked about, I think, is worth a look at least if they're sitting under waiver wire. Yeah. The the Chris Paul thing was maybe just food for thought. Right? He's not on waivers. But if you have him, I mean, you you you are going to you you've really, stepped in, not a pile, but you've stepped in a pot of gold here. Chris Paul's gonna be fantastic. Now just quickly here on Anthony Davis and Victor Wenbinama. And, you know, a lot of times in the NBA these days, they hide, players on defense, you know, for all the soft wussification stuff. And, and we have switching rights. We don't always get the point guard, point guard matchup we want and all that. Okay. Well, we got it last night. Anthony Davis against Wenbinama, and Victor is now the center for the San Antonio Spurs, and they were playing against each other, driving into each other, fouling each other, making shots over each other. Oh my god. Was that fun last night, doc? AD AD hit him with 37 points, 10 rebounds, and 4 steals. Wendy went 30 points, 13 rebounds, and 6 blocks. Okay? Wendy hit a 3. Where's my my note here? 104 to go. Hit a step back 3 over Davis, to make it a 4 point game. You know, here we come, and, obviously, they had a chance to tie, out of Wembley 3 that missed. But, doc, that was the good stuff, man. You know, NBA TV should take that one. You know, their game of the day that they replay or the the marquee matchup or whatever, that was entertaining delicious basketball, dude. Yeah. And, you know, I had Wimby in a FanDuel lineup. I think he had 70.6 points. Oh my god. I also had Kiante George in that lineup. He had minus 2 points because he went down with a ankle, after just 2 turnovers right at the beginning game. Wimby was enough to overcome a minus 2 from one of my 9 players to have me win money. So Oh, wow. I was pretty fired up. I I love Wimby. I drafted him everywhere. He's on my 30 deep team. He's on he's on my main rock and roll team. He's on all my teams. And, you know, he's the 1st round. Him and Chet both are are just balling out. It's it's awesome to see. Wendy By the way, did you see AD go down with that ankle sprain? Yeah. I did. I did. How he's laying on the ground, like, banging the court, and it looked I'm like, I can't believe he got up, Ric. Well, he look. I I I will he's different. Okay? This year, he's different. He's got this hip injury that's been going on a few weeks. Right? He just talked about it. He tweaked it again the other night against Dallas. He's playing through it. What you're watching here, guys, is competitive greatness. What you're watching is a guy who's tired of the narrative around him, and he wants to smash it in a 1000000 pieces. This is the good stuff. This stuff should be applauded right here. We've got all these guys missing all of these games, and I know Davis has been a huge part of that thing over the last few years, but, I mean, doc, obviously, we follow the bouncing ball every night for every team. But the lakers are a team that I don't miss a minute of games. Okay? The Nuggets, who else is on that list? The, why am I blanking on this? So watch the Bucks every night, the honest thing. Anyway, the Lakers are one of the the warriors, right, just to kinda watch the car crash every night. Anyway, let's move on to some stuff here. It's Rick Kamla. It's, Steve Alexander, doctor a, right here with you guys on the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. We are the OGs. Now, doc, take us a little farther here on Keontae George. You've been very hot on him. I'm hanging in there for dear life in a keeper league. I've wanted to drop him because I've got kind of a glut of point guard and and shooting for shooting guards. And and I don't wanna drop Keontay, and I still have it, but now my and I've only got one IL spot in that league. It's not my league. It's somebody else's league. But it's like a really the waiver wire's really rich in this league. Right? They wanna have that churn and burn, and so, I may be sending Keontay back to waivers unless you, reel me in here and say, no. For the love of god, don't do it. Yeah. I mean, I'm not gonna do that. I haven't even looked into the injury that much. He is not traveling with the Jazz for their upcoming 2 game road trip. That includes that RotoWire report. Read that RotoWire blurb, doctor. Right? That includes Thursday with the trailblazers and Saturday with the Kings. That is automatic. Like, this is crunch time. You need these games this weekend. Everybody plays 4 times this week. Like, you missed one game from Keontay last night. Now you're gonna miss 2 more. That's that's a one game week, and it was a bad it was a bad one game. If you can afford to drop him, the teams that play 3 times the rest of the way, I picked up Jabari from Portland? Jabari Oh, I I was like, you picked up Jabari Smith? What kind of league is that? Yeah. Jabari Locker from Portland. Portland plays 3 times, and I think the Warriors were the other team that still has 3 games left this week. I went to pick up some Warriors, and they were all they were all gone, man. That that my wire has been picked clean. But, yeah, I I think if he's out the next 2 games this week and you're trying to win a head to head matchup this week, you drop him and you you, you move on. I mean, guys, here's the thing. I this is a very unusual league I'm talking about here. Okay? We have a 10 man roster, and we start 5 guys. PG, SG, SF, Center. Okay? With no utils, no, you know, forwards and guards. It's very barebone. Okay? It's like an old school fantasy football league without PPR. Right? Okay. So I joined this league, and and I'm currently cooking it. You know, I've got Trae Young and De'Aaron Fox. I've got Jamal Murray. I've got Asar Thompson, Keontae George, Malcolm Brogdon. So you can see that I don't have room for all these guys. And, and now George, I I don't know. Like, this is this is a tough one here. Right? Like, what is Malcolm Brogdon coming back to, doc? You know what I'm saying? Anthony Simons is there now. Shaden Sharp is cooking. Am I gonna get 28 minutes off the bench from Brogdon doing his little his little, line drive, you know, push set shot? You know, that little Brogdon shot that he's got that's so good. You know, or do I hang in there with Keontay? I don't I it's a tough decision to make. I don't know what bogged on our show with it. But just to give people the idea here, You're basically holding on to Keontae George. Just move him to your IL spot or your IL plus spot and keep it moving here, but, I obviously have a different decision to kinda go with here. Colin Sexton somehow was able to just pick him up in in in one of my leagues. I don't even remember which one. And, and I think he had 26 last night. He is green lit here, guys. You know, Clarkson's on the shelf right now. The Jazz are a team that's in tank mode. Their coach is spiraling out of control on the sideline right now. Will Hardy, that's a joke, by the way, but I I did see him pretty hot last night in that Nick game, which, by the way, was a win for the Utah Jazz. Now, doc, let's get to, a cam vetted guy. And I scooped him up in the cam dynasty last night. I dropped, Isaiah Stewart for him, and, his name is Tar Hee Sin of the Houston Rockets. K? I love Tar Hee Sin. In the pre draft process coming out I don't watch a lot of college basketball, but I watch highlight videos of these guys. And I watched Tar Hee Sin, I was like, I love this guy. The activity, the length, the shot, the motor, the IQ, he is a 2 n player. Emile Udoka freaking loves him. Okay? He's a 1st round pick, so we got draft capital, which creates an anchor to some minutes. Okay? And over the last two games, he's got 25 and 14, a block and a steal, 3 threes. The game before, 18 and 14, 2 steals, 2 threes. He's a fantasy gold guy. He's a 3 block steal guy. Alright? And, Rudy Gay ish, alright, for you old heads, can go back. Remember how good of a Fantasy player Rudy Gay was? Tar Heesen reminds me of Rudy Gay. He will jam it down your throat. He will give you that oh, ah, dunk. He's grimy. He'll get defensive stops, and I love him, doc. And the only concern I have here is Ahmed Thompson, who, has missed the last game, maybe the last two games. I think he's got an illness. And and so he's gonna play. But here's the thing. Jalen Green is on notice from Ime Udoka. We've seen the deployment or lack thereof. We've seen the minutes. We've seen the bad shooting lines from Jalen Green. Ime Udoka ain't playing that. He ain't playing that. If you are not in the foxhole, fighting like hell, every minute of every game, I got somebody else that's gonna do that. Okay? And so I'm all about Tara Eason. Dynasty League for sure. I think Ken Crites might have dropped him. I I wanna I wanna actually look that up. And I love Ken, and I'm not, like, calling him out, but I'm just like because I I did him a favor with the Chris Paul thing. Okay? That was a bad trade for your boy. It was. And so if I find out that Tara Eason was dropped by Ken Crites, I'm gonna feel a little bit better about that currently grimy Chris Paul transaction right there. I I hope I just poach, through the waiver wire, Terry Easton from, the great Ken Crites. But, but, anyway, doc, I just wanted a long spiel right there. I freaking love this guy, and I think he's got staying power for the present and obviously the long term future. Well, he was sort of the centerpiece of my mailbag column today on rotor wire. There's 10 questions in this chat room about Tar Hee sin right now. I didn't know you were gonna talk about Tara Eason. I just threw up a Tara Eason question from, Dub Force, and it just so happened that you're talking about Tara Eason. Now what I love about this question from Dub Force is I'm doing everything I can to get Tahri Eason and Alyssa Thompson on my team right now. So how do you decide which one of those 2 guys you want? I think I'm going with Alyssa. Yeah. Me too. Just because Detroit Detroit's rotation is not as deep as Houston's. Aussier, they're they have nothing to play for in Detroit. There's no reason Thompson shouldn't just go off. So I think he's got a easier route to Fantasy goodness. But, Tariq Eason, his last two games, 25 points, 14 rebounds, 18 points, 14 rebounds. But before that, it was 3, 9, and 6 points. The boards are there 887. But he's really kinda blown up these last two games. And like you said, Aman Thompson was not playing in those. So I'm with it. I'm with you. I I love Tar Heelan. I'm I'm gonna try to pick him up where I can. I'm not gonna cut somebody great to do it, and I would rather have off Sarah Thompson over Tar Heeson. So I I agree with everything you said right there. Here's the thing, guys. All we need is 24 minutes a game from Tar Heeson. That's all we need. We don't need 30 minutes a game from this guy. Okay? There are some players that are so wound up and so good, that that 24 minutes is gonna ring the bell for us here. Are we gonna get, like, you know, the full expanse that we want? No. But he's gonna be legit for you. Look at his game log. Okay? And I want you to look at every game where he plays 20 or more minutes. Alright? Because that's the model here. Fat line. Fat line. Fat line. Fat line. And it might not be a fat line. It might be like a a 10 point, 8 rebound, 2 assists, 1 block, 1 steal, 1 three line. Right? Okay. He's touching the box score in a multitude of ways. And then but we still have this upside here about Emile Udoka and, you know, how he's deploying guys and holding guys accountable. I I don't I I think he's firm. 24 minutes a game, guys. And I think he can help you, even in that regard. Now we talked about Aussar Thompson. Obviously, doc, we've made this very, very clear here on the World of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. I love Ahmen and Aussar Thompson. Okay? I would be buying their basketball cards if I were in that thing, and so I'm I'm head over heels in love with both of these basketball players. And so, yes, if he's on waivers, your league is weird, yes, pick him up. He was out of the starting lineup, right, and now he's back in the starting lineup. And Monty Williams says the worst rotations in our league and has all year, and and I I don't anticipate that changing. But, hopefully, he just keeps Osar in that starting lineup, which he should. Now, doc, I know you wanna talk about Ben Matherin here, so, take us into this conversation. Well, I have a question for you first. Jalen Green, let's go back to him for a second. He's like 19th round fantasy value right now. Mhmm. Are are you dropping Jalen Green? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. His coach here's what's going on. Could you drop Jalen Green? I mean, it depends on your team and what's on waivers, but, just blindly with an open canvas, no. Hell no. Here's what's going on, guys. I the we all know what's going on. Alright? So let me let me address the elephant in the room here. The Rockets are good. Okay? They're no longer can we cuss on here? Probably not. They're no longer Just don't just don't drop the big ones. They they're they're no longer or they're no longer an ishy team. Okay? Think about it. Like, Jalen Green, hotshot draft pick. Your team sucks. You're gonna get all the shots, all the freedom you want. Yeah. You're gonna put up good numbers. That ain't the case this year, guys. They brought in Brooks. They brought in Van Blee. They brought in Udoka. They brought in Jeff Green. Okay? They're talking about through the papers bringing in another guy. Alright? This is not, hey. Let's showcase Jalen Green. This is, we're trying to win right now and kick everybody's ass right now. They're 3 and 1 against Denver this year, guys. Okay? Ema Udoka does not care about Jalen Green's feelings. He does not care. This is not, a daycare. This is not pre k. Okay? Emile Doke is playing tigers that are gonna help him win, period. Alright? So Jalen Green better get with that or his minutes are gonna be weird. And, Doc, what it's gonna take is the defensive end. He's gotta crank up the defensive end, the and then the offense will come. If Jalen Green thinks he's gonna get back in in Ime's good graces by putting the ball in the hole, he is so dead wrong. Okay? Ime is old. I love Ime Udoka. I freaking love Ime Udoka. What a hire by the Rockets, man. So, anyway, no. I would not be dropping Jalen Green. Definitely hang in there with him, but he's in a weird spot. Alright. Talk to us about, math. Well, first, we're gonna talk about underdog fantasy being the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you have not tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today. Use promo code RW NBA to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Rick, you know I love the band Pavement. I had my boy from Pavement, Bob Nastanovich, on the show on Tuesday. I mentioned Benedict Matherin's name, and he went nuts. He's like, oh my god. I love Matherin so much. That's my guy. He's so awesome. Is he a Pacer fan? He is kind of a Pacer fan. Yeah. Pacers and, Grizzlies, he he likes. But, yeah, he, he was all about math, and he went into this soliloquy about how, Buddy Hield is is not playing all that well, and he's got that weird weird place on the team where like, I think Buddy Heel knows the Pacers are gonna be good, and he needs to be there to contribute, but he's also not happy about his role. And Matherin is the guy that's standing in Buddy Heel's way. So, I just think Matherin I think he had 30 the other night. He had he had a decent game last night, but, Matherin is just a guy that that I'm I'm pretty high on right now. I'm I I really enjoyed watching him play, and I think he's he's gonna be a pretty fun, fantasy player for the next 10 years. Alright. So I agree with most of that, doc. You know, law I I'm a big Ben Matherin fan. Pac 12 player of the year. The guy is a a liquid bucket. Okay? And he is playing for Rick Carlisle. Needle on the record. That's the buzzkill. I love Rick Carlisle. I'm buddies with Rick Carlisle. I think he's an amazing coach, but he's he's old school, and he's a hard ass. And No. No. Not anymore, baby. Not anymore. What are you talking about? Dude, they don't play defense. Okay. Let let me I understand. Carlisle's no. He he doesn't he he's fun Rick Carlisle now. It's it's he's a new guy. We're not gonna play defense. We're just gonna go out and run with Tyrese Halbert and Matherin and Milestone. We're gonna run as fast as we can and outscore the other guy every night. I don't care if they score a 140 on us. We're gonna score a 150 on them. It it's like a different guy. It's like he turned over a new leaf. Like, I love this Ric Carlisle. I used to you you heard the story, the shoe story, where he tried to sell me his shoes? Treated me like like, yeah, he was mean to me in 1983 or whatever. I don't even care. I I I love the new Rick Carlisle. New and improved, fun Rick Carlisle. He he's gone from being, you know, grumpy like Thibodeaux and and old school to being super fun like the dude that 17 year old kid that coaches the Miami Dolphins. Oh my god. Okay, doc. I mean, I I I like I like the ring. I did. And I like the Mike McDaniel reference. I love Mike McDaniel. I mean, what what is with those, like, sunglasses he's wearing? They're like Elvis. I it's so weird and so awesome. Alright. Now let's talk, some real stuff here. Do you think Obi Toppin is happy with the minutes he's playing this year? Yes or no? Come on. I I don't know exactly the number of the The answer is no. Obi Toppa needs to get paid. Obi Toppa needs 30 minutes a game to get paid. Do you do you think Jeris Walker's happy with his playing time this year? No. Do you think Ben Matherin is happy with his playing time this year? I I think I think Matherin's okay with it. No. He's not. He he's he's coming off the bench behind Buddy Heel right now. There's no way he's happy with this. Is Nevin hard happy with his minutes? No. And so the point I'm making here Those guys aren't getting minutes anywhere else either. Obi Toppin played 6 minutes a game for the Knicks. Okay. My point is they traded for him. Right? And my point is Obi Toppin wants to play more minutes. Right? And my point is that we want Obi Toppa to play more minutes so we can see what the hell we have here. Right? Riccardo has a super, super, super deep team, and he's trying to win. And and if you are not, like let let let's look at, at at Ben Matherin here, the minute fluctuation because I've got the, last 5 game fluctuation here. He's 25, 37, 30, 24, 27, 25. Okay. The points have gone 16, 9, 20, 30, 14. Pretty good. My point is I I love them, Atherin. I don't love his role right now. They gotta get Buddy healed up and out of there. Okay? They need to trade him to a contender that needs shooting, like the Lakers, and, and and and give Ben Matherin 30 to 35 minutes a game. That so but he's not doing that right now. That's why I say Rick Carlisle is a buzzkill for Fantasy, because he's got a Noah's Ark team. He's too deep in every position. And, you know, my guy Isaiah Jackson, right, I wanna see Isaiah Jackson play just like I said with, dude before. I I just need to half the game for Isaiah Jackson. 24 minutes a game. I'm telling you this guy's flirting with double doubles and giving you 3 blocks a game. In 24 minutes a game, guys, but Carlisle ain't giving that out. Alright. So I'm not I'm not as hot on, on Ben Matherin here. Let's go through some of our waiver wire picks here, doc. And, you know, I you've got your list here. I came up with a few extra guys, so, hit whoever you want to on your list right here. Sing a song for us, doctor Ray, on the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Well, I think I think, Jaime Hawkes is not going away. You watch Miami play. He looks like a leader out there. Looks like a veteran. He's involved in everything they're doing. And I was a little worried that, you know, when they get fully healthy, that how can he's gonna go away? But I'm starting to think he's not going to go away. And then Bilakoulibale for the for the Wizards, you know, he's not he's not making noise. He's not in the headlines, but he's scoring the double figures every night. He gets steals and blocks. You know, he's he's he's more helpful to Fantasy teams right now than guys like Klay Thompson, Andrew Wiggins, and, Jalen Green. Speaking of Andrew Wiggins, I don't even think Draymond leaving can help Andrew Wiggins. So there you go. Have at it. You are absolutely hilarious. Andrew Wiggins. Look. I dropped him in the Cam Dynasty, for Rui Hachimura. I was streaming last week to try to keep up with my opponent. It worked to a degree. I won the game 5 to 3, but I lost the 2 categories I was chasing, points and threes. It happens sometimes. And I was like, wow. I just dropped Andrew Wiggins for a streamer, and my streaming theory didn't even work. That hurt. And then I keep watching these warriors games, and I'm like, Cam, you're good, bro. Don't worry about it. Sleep well at night. This guy is a shell of his former self. He is going through the motions, and, and he got benched the other night. Right? So that made me feel a little bit better about it. What'll be interesting, doc, is if he goes back to waivers in the Cam Dynasty and and the decision I make there. And I tell you what, I ain't dropping Tyrese to get back into the Andrew Wiggins business. I can tell you that right now. So my waiver my waiver wire, is headed up here with, Dante freaking x him, man. Dante x him. He has been sensational in these games without Kyrie Irving. Guys, Kyrie Irving reportedly is in a boot and using crutches. Hello. Is that ringing any bells? And Defcon ones for you guys, it is for me. Doesn't surprise me. Kyrie Irving is a game misser. You can't rely on this guy. He was on the dead to us list at the beginning of the season. You know, Doc and I talked about guys we absolutely, positively will not draft. I haven't had Kyrie Irving on a fantasy basketball team in a long, long time. Dante Axum, the Q4 against the Lakers the other night should've been your cue. Where's my phone? Let me check the waiver wire in my league. Okay? And if not, do it now. Dante Axum, premium pickup. Blocks, steals, threes, rebounds, and say he is, putting it all in the box score right now. Caleb Martin. Alright? And when Hero comes back and, obviously, we got this hip injury to Bam on a bio. It'll be really interesting to see what Spoelstra does with Caleb Martin, Jaime Hawkes, and Duncan Robinson, and Kyle Lowry when he's got his big three back. And he's probably gonna find enough minutes for all these guys because he's spoiled. He's a badass. But we've talked about Hawkes before. I told you last week, week before, whatever. No. No. No. This guy's got staying power, man. He's got, the anchor of being a 1st round draft pick. I mean, we all love the Hotkes out of UCLA 4 year guy to the heat. I mean, give me a break, dude. It's a it's a basketball match made in heaven. It's like Embiid in Philadelphia. It's it's a great match. Okay? But I really like what Caleb Martin's doing right now. He had a kind of a down last game, I think that Charlotte game the other night, but the previous games were packed with goody goodness. Okay? Isaiah Hartenstein. If you're a little bit light in blocks, maybe you lost Evan Mobley. Right? And you're kinda dealing without him for a minute. Go get Hartenstein. His lines are not gonna wow you. He's gonna be 1 or 2 blocks a game, 7, 8, 9, 10, and maybe plus rebounds. No threes, obviously. No steals. He's gonna score 7 points a game. Okay? But he's just doing dirty work stuff. And so if you need blocks, you need, rebounds, and he's on waivers. He's the guy. And then we've talked about Eason and Kuminga. So, and you kinda went through, did you go through your whole drop list right here? I didn't. You mentioned, Duncan Robinson. I've got Duncan Robinson on there too. As far as an ad, I I mean, the Duncan Robinson has been fun. Tyler Herrick coming back is gonna is gonna be interesting to see what happens. Getting the big the big three back together in Miami is not gonna be easy, though. I mean, when are we gonna see Bam Adebayo again, Rick? Like, I it's he he can They said no they said no timetable, so I The month of December is on the table. Like Bam said, something recently. I've never had this injury before, so I don't know, and that's concerning. Right? Because now he's gonna be in his head about this doc. Right? And it's a hip. So that, you know, like, movements and twisting and all the reactive stuff, it it becomes very, very difficult. So I I have no idea, but, it might be a minute here. I mean, they look the the reports are there's no timetable for Bam Adebayo's return. That's not good. I also wanna comment on Kyrie Irving. You know, he had a foot problem coming into the season. Good point. He he's he's been doing a decent job of playing through it and being out there on most nights. He's missed a few games. But I was like, okay. He's he's he's trying. Like, he's trying to make this work. And then the play that he got hurt on, dude, he was sitting on the court with his feet his toes up in the air, and Dwight Powell just fell directly onto his extended feet. I when I saw that happen, if if somebody if if someone dropped you onto my feet like that, I would be in crutch on crutches for, like, 6 months. I'd probably be I'd be done. My legs would be broke, and I'd be done. So and so, I mean, I get that he's hurt, but he is hurt, and that's why Dante x him. And and in some extent, JJ or Jalen Jaden Hardy is also a guy, in a deep league that you wanna think about. Guys, I've got on my cut list right now That's a great point about Jaden Hardy, by way. I wanna cosign that. I'm a big Jaden Hardy fan. He's a bucket getter. Go ahead, dude. Marcus Smart with Ja Morant coming back in, what, 6 days, 7 days. He's almost here, baby. I'm I'm kinda fired up about the return of Ja. Me too. And j j j well, we were worried about Jaren Jackson junior for a second. That dude's bawling out every night right now. I've got this doc and cam on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. Shut up. Shut your mouth. So Marcus Smart's already hurt. He's already down. If he's on your injured list, you just keep him there, but I I don't I don't foresee him bringing a lot of fantasy goodness with, Ja Moramp back. Cole Anthony with Markelle Fultz on the verge of a return. Anthony's kind of been waning lately anyway. He's had a couple of huge games, but he's also been all over the place. You can't really rely on him. I think it's time for him to go bye bye. Kevin Durant, Bradley Beal, we finally saw the big three along with Devin Booker last night for Phoenix. Eric Gordon missed that game. That was probably a mistake on his part because he may not get his role back. I don't I don't know what his role is gonna be now that they're healthy, so I'm I'm fine with dropping Gordon right now. Derek Jones junior, bye bye. Zach Collins is an interesting one, Rick. You mentioned that Wembley's the starting center now. You did not mention that Zach Collins is coming off the bench. The other night he had, like, 8 points and 3 rebounds. This is a guy that I was counting on for, like, 15 points and 9 boards every night, and I don't think we're gonna get that now that Wimby has taken over the entire world. Alright. So let me take this 1 by 1. You know, you said it with Marcus Smart. Just leave him on your injured spot. I actually disagree. I think Marcus Smart's gonna be good. With Ja Morant, you know, he'll do the 12 point, 5 rebound, I don't know. 5, 6 assists. His assists will come down from the Boston days. He'll be at 1 and a half steals, I believe. And he'll he'll probably 1 and a half threes. I I think I think Marcus Smart's gonna do what he does. Just kinda like he's not a waiver wire guy. He's not a great fantasy player. Somewhere in that middle ground. Totally disagree on Cole Anthony. I do not think he's a drop. Definitely hold him. They just paid him. He is guaranteed of minutes on this team. He is arguably the best 6th man in the game right now with Reeves and Naz Reed and, who's the other guy? Tim Hardaway junior. Like, that's kind of the cluster for 6th man of the year right now. So I love you, but I disagree with you on that. Gordon, I agree. Derrick Jones junior is hurt all of a sudden. I agree. Zach Collins to me as a whole because Gregg Popovich is just literally throwing crap against the wall and hoping it sticks. I love Poppy. He's the greatest coach of all time in my opinion, and he sucks this year with this team. I shouldn't say it that way. He doesn't suck. I just don't think he's doing a good job coaching this team. Alright? It's very unorganized. We're changing lineups all the time. We're always, like, resting dudes and to sell off the bench. I just don't like it. Okay? Wembley's kinda just freelancing out there. Why don't we run offense through him, like, all the time? I mean, what the hell else are you gonna do? It's a developmental year. This is basically a season scrimmage for this 1st. Anyway, off my soapbox. Collins is a hold, and, and so the the the drops I have, doc, are Isaiah Stewart of the Pistons, and I just don't know what the Pistons see in this guy. And you look at it's like 10 points, 7 rebounds, no defense at all. It's giving you about 1.4 threes, if which from a PSC alright. I mean, that's kinda helpful there. The percentages are not good, and and it seems like the the play and the production and the minutes are all kinda starting to dip dip dip dip dip. Like, because Monty Williams has taken a bite out of Jaden Ivey. He's taken a bite out of, Killian Hayes. He's taken a bite out of Asar Thompson. How dare you? He's taken a bite out of, you know, Jalen Duran to a degree. Huge bite out of Bagley and Wiseman. The one the you know, Kate Cunningham is good to go. Right? But the all the only other guy that he didn't take a bite out of yet this year is Isaiah Stewart, and now he's starting to do that. And so the other guy is Russell Westbrook. And I love Russ, and I can't believe I'm telling you, to drop, arguably a Mount Rushmore guy for stacked guys in the NBA. And we're talking about LeBron, Jokic, Wilt, and probably Russ. And I I feel like I've got a name that's escaping me right now because, you know, and I this isn't a Mount Rushmore that's talked about a lot, but the Mount Rushmore stack guys, all time in the NBA. Joe Koch has to be on that list. Wilt, obviously, he's the GOAT of stack guys. Okay? The guy averaged 50 for a year and scored a 100 in a game. Look, Ron. Hello? 27, 7, and 7 every game of his life and the most points all time. And then Ross is the all time triple double leader in all the amazing stats he's done, averaging triple double 4 out of 5 years. What? Anyway, take it from there, doc. But, but Russell Westbrook, despite all of that glowing thing stuff I said, is a drop right now to me. Oscar Robertson, I think you were feeling, maybe. Yeah. He's right there. He he's he's right there, man. Oscar's right there. It's a good call. There's a, definitely a good call. There's a gentleman playing for the Denver Nuggets named Julian Strother. Dude went off on, what, Monday night, 6 threes, 5 steals? Yeah. That was the Hawks game. I was watching that game. He was everywhere. That was amazing. And then he played well the next the next night. He's out of Gonzaga. He's put up back to back good games. He plays tonight. I don't remember who Denver plays tonight, but he plays tonight. Rick, I'm gonna be watching the first half of that game. If Strauther goes off, I'm gonna pick him up. I just feel like, Denver Denver, I they could use some new blood in there. I just think he's a good player. You know, if Michael Porter junior would decide if he's gonna score 30 or go 1 for 12 on any given night, that would really help us all out, I think. But the, the basketball world and then the outside, you know, the casuals gotta look at that in the NBA finals. Right? I mean, literally, the Nuggets won the finals despite Michael Porter junior. He was not having a good run at that point. And then obviously, in the playoffs, he had some big time games and that kind of thing. But Doc is right. I mean, he's on a yo yo. Right? He's on the great game horse horse bleep game, yo yo. But, I I'm a big Julian Strauther fan. He's not like a hot button pickup guy for me because, Michael Malone is very hard on rookies. But here's the thing that Michael Malone needs to get over. He's gotta play Julian Strother half the game and just deal with the mistakes because their bench sucks. Alright? They're at the bottom in bench scoring or they're, like, 27th or something like that. And, and Strother is a stud. He's got a wetter. He's active. He's long. Doc mentioned the steals the other night. And and Malone's gotta get him up to speed for the playoffs. You know, the the ball players tell me, Doc, when you're a rookie and you play a lot your rookie year, by the time you get to April and and, in June in May June and that kind of thing, you're not a rookie anymore. Right? You've been through a season. I mean, and so it's obviously kind of a ballplayer phraseology here, but you you get the point. He's gotta get Julian Straubler like that, where when he gets to March April, he's like, ain't nothing but a thing, man. Wap right in your face. You know? Late 3rd, one point game. You know, seeding on the line against OKC or something like that, and you're at OKC. Whack, hit a big 3. Time out thunder. Right? Nuggets on a 91 run, something like that. He's gotta get Strauther up to that level. And so, I have Strauther in 30 deep, doc, and he's just been chilling on my bench all year. And, I've got a Josh Green issue right now. He's on the shelf. So I would love to put Strahler in the starting lineup for him, and I depending on the results tonight and then over the weekend, next week, he'll probably be in my lineup. If you if you have Strahler on 30 deep, you're you're gonna be watching him closely tonight. Because if he if he makes it 3 games in a row tonight, like, that's my sign. Like, okay. It's time it's time to roll. If he if he disappears and crawls back under a rock, that's fine too. Rick, you wanna answer a few questions? Oh, absolutely. Yeah. I'm a start I'm a start and go ahead and you find your next one because you're not gonna be able to help with this one. John Utterback wants to know what is my voice regimen. When I woke up 2 hours ago, I could not talk. Like, you could not hear anything coming out of my my voice. I was wondering if I was gonna be able to do the show. Well, I went to Taco Bell. I got me a burrito. I covered that thing in Tabasco sauce. I sucked it down, drank a bunch of Gatorade, worked some things out, and here we are, baby. I'm back. Thank you. Thank you, Taco Bell. Well, I mean, that's quite the plug right there. It really was. I, I I love me some Taco Bell. I I get cravings, and I I just gotta have it. Alright. So I'm I'm glad we settled that, and I'm glad Doc is feeling better, and he he, he he got the boys' quality up and all that kind of stuff. So let's go back, where are we going here? Let's go back to the beginning here. What do we got here? We got free key. Let's bring up his comment here. What's up, fellas? Fantasy heathens. Bruce Brown, Shaden Sharp, or Terry Eason gotta drop 1 in a 9 cat. Bruce Brown is your drop right there, to me. He's he's a reality player. He's not a fantasy player to me. I mean, he has spike games. And if you're wondering about streaming Bruce Brown, pick a big game. Okay? Pick a game against a rock star team, and that's a game where Bruce Brown rises to the occasion, but it gets tricky. Because we had that game last week, doc, in the in season tournament, but guess what? He had to guard Damian Lillard all night, okay, and that sapped his stats. So, Bruce Brown would be the drop there for me. Yeah. I think I already answered that in the chat, and I I was all Bruce Brown all day on that too. Side note about the Pacers, dude, Giannis dropped 64 on them last night. Like, when when you're setting your FanDuel lineup and the Pacers are playing, take everybody who's playing against the Pacers because they are going to torch them. And the same goes with the Atlanta hawks. You wanna play the big names against the hawks and the big names against the Pacers because they are Sieves. They don't care. They don't play the, it's just all day. Did did I just override your question? Yeah. You know what? You know, I'm gonna I'm gonna let you I'm gonna let you do it. You you, you you run the question, game here. Because, yeah, I was setting up the next question, but you do it. You got it. No idea what I'm doing, though, Rick. So, who's the priority ad with Draymond? That's not the one I was looking to add. Let It's the one I just put up because I I didn't know what we were doing here. Well, we we kinda talked about this already. Yep. It's not Wiggins. It is not Wiggins. For me, it's Ponds. Let's see here. The priority ad For you, it's it's well, Chris Wells already added. For me, it's Kuminga. For me, it's Kuminga. Yeah. Because I I think Podgemski is is going to ebb and flow, with the shooting of Klay Thompson. We saw it the other night. Klay Thompson sucked again, and Kerr was like, bye. And he finished the game with Pogemski. But if Klay's on a heater, and he's having a 27 point game, and he's on a 9 of 13 and all this kind of stuff, then he's gonna be in there. Okay? So, I like Poetsch, and I think he's a pickup, but with that question right there, Kuminga would be the guy. Yo Yo wants to know Derek White and Max Strues for Pascal Siakam. I I wouldn't mind talking about Pascal Siakam for a second while we're while we're doing this. Boy, it's that tough. That's tough. Oh, man. That's tough. Give me the name give me the name, Rick. What do you mean? I want pass I want Pascal Siakam. I'll fill in the hole with somebody off the waiver wire, make it work. I love that. I'll I'll I'll rock with you. I mean, I I'm a I'm a get the best player in a deal type of guy, and, I I think Siakam maybe moved into a spot where he's more motivated and and maybe more spotlighted. Right. Atlanta? It could be Atlanta. Yeah. It it although that would that would that would that would, that would buzz kill me significantly. Because if they trade for Pascal Siakam, Jalen Johnson, boom. I do not want Pascal Siakam traded to the Atlanta Hawks. I will be severely butthurt if Pascal Siakam gets traded to the Hawks. Just saying. I want Siakam to come to the Hawks. I think the Hawks need a guy like Siakam. And They're killing me guys. This guy's a young rock star. And the Johnson's in street clothes, bro. They got Deandre Hunter and Saddiq Bey running about. They got and and no. Deandre Hunter and Bey, get get out. Talk to you, my man. You're my alright. Fire up another one here, maestro. I agree with you, by the way. I'll I'll package White and Strues to get into Paschal. I I I will do that. I will cosign you on that. Dude, these are all questions about Kuminga and Tory Eason. It's crazy. Here we go. How about who to drop if Marcus Smart is active? Brandon Miller, Tory Eason, Malik Beasley, or Max Struss? Fourteen teams. Beasley. Bees would be the drop there. It is. I agree. And it's not even that it's not that close. I mean, I'm not Torrey Eason is his arrow's pointing you up. Brandon Miller, his he's too he's too too much of an unknown, too much upside to be throwing throwing out. And Max Struths has had some big games, and he's got a big role in Cleveland. I think I I kinda like Beasley, but Beasley will get you 3 points one night and 17 the next. It's Mhmm. Whatever. What else we got here? See, we got one more, and then we're gonna be at a 50 minute mark, and we can get out. Oh, here we go, Rick. This is a good one. Trade scary Terry Terry Rozier while he's hot. What do you think? No. Mm-mm. I'm a Terry Rozier guy. Hey, guys. When is LaMelo Ball coming back to play? I'll wait. Hey. Who who are the backup 12 on the Charlotte Hornets? Oh, wait. They gotta have massive minutes and massive games from Terry Rozier just to literally have a competitive game in the Q4. I I I am not, a selling high here with Terry Rozier. I'm holding him. I'm playing him. I'm getting the goodies. He's a fantasy gold guy, doc. Big steals, big threes. My guy. I am open to all discussions regarding Terry Rozier. If I had him and somebody came to me and said, hey. What do you want for him? I'd look at their roster and be like, I this looks good. What about this? I I agree. Like, Terry Rozier is in the premier spot he could possibly be in on any NBA team and on any NBA roster. Like, he's in the spot he needs to be in. And like you said, who are the backups there? Nobody knows. Nobody cares that team has won how many games how many games have they won? Not Nobody cares. Nobody care and nobody cares if they win or lose. Like, it's just Terry Rozier's show out there. And LaMelo Ball, you know, big baller. Not gonna see him for a minute. Those shoes do some wonders on those boys. Yeah. How how are those shoes working? I love LaMelo Ball too. It's it's, I do too. It's so sad. I hope we're not going on Basketball Tragedy Boulevard here, like we are with his brother, Lonzo, who I loved as well. Hey. We're doing one more. I lied. Because this one's too good. This is from admiral Nida. Trade Michael Porter junior to get our guy 11 points a game. The weirdest dude in the NBA, Jordan Poole? F no. Again, like, if we're barstool, I'm cussing around here, like, f no. Who wants anything to do with Jordan Poole right now? Arguably the worst contract in our sport. No motor, all powered up in Washington. It's your team, dude, or at least he says it's his team, which Kuzma is probably going, it's not your freaking team, dude. It's my team. Anyway, and and by the way, he may be shut down here, doc, right, for the last 4 or 5 weeks of the season as Washington tries to get better on the ping pong, race. So, ping pong ball race. So yeah. No. No. No. No. Jordan? I'm holding I'm holding MPJ. Jordan Poole, last night, 3 of 12, o for 5, 14 points. Tyus Jones, your guy. Your boy, Tyus Jones, 13 points, 6 assists. It's just awful, man. It's it's so bad. Also, on a closing note, have you looked at the standings in the NBA lately? What do you mean? Everyday What is going on, dude? The Orlando Magic are in 2nd place. So my boys, watch yourself. Watch it. The OKC Thunder So my boys 2nd the Minnesota Timberwolves. Like, what is happening? They're playing defense, doc. They have the best defense in the league. Rudy Gobert took his head out of his you know what. He's playing ball this year. And Cat is healthy. It's cool. I like seeing different teams up at the top, and definitely eye opening when you look and see the rebuilding Orlando Magic up there. See this Pacers team that I love so much up there. Got the many Timberwolves with a 2 and a half game lead on the Nuggets and everybody else. Like, 17 and 5. That that's impressive. We never talk about them. Well, because we're fantasy guys, but you're taking us into a reality combo here, and I like it. The Magic are the toughest team in the league. K? Joe Ingalls blew a tire the other night, came back in the game and played. Paula Banchero blew a tire the other night, came back in the game and played. Jalen Suggs blew a tire last week, looked really bad, came back after missing, like, 2 games. These guys are nails, man. Nails. They're they're tougher than your favorite team and your favorite players. I promise you that. They're the toughest team in the league. Okay? I love the Orlando Magic. They're playing defense. They're balanced. You've got these rock star forwards. By the way, the whole Fultz thing, Anthony Black has to keep that starting job. K? Like, let's not get it twisted. They're not winning a championship this year. Fultz is on an expiring contract. Black is an awesome glue guy, who's just making all the puzzle pieces fit. I don't know. I don't need Markelle Fultz coming downhill on this team anymore. You got Suggs. You got Cole Anthony. You got these forwards. Wendell Carter Junior somehow, someway is gonna come back. Goga Butadze, by the way, has been a beast, a low key beast for the, Orlando Magic, and they they have arguably the best bench in the league. I could go on and on and on and on and on, and this has nothing to do with me being 2 hours away from Orlando. Okay? I freaking love this Magic team, and I would be saying that if I was in Nova Scotia. Hit the subscribe button. Hit the like button. Go to rotowire.com/try. Try rotowire for free. Rick, we gotta get we gotta get some swag to give away on this on the show. Remind me to remind me to do that. Is that magic? Alright. With that, we are out of here. I'll be back on Just saying, man. Just saying. You guys have a good one, man. Appreciate y'all joining us, man. I'll be back on Tuesday with maybe a special guest, Mark Suarez, formerly of ESPN. Said he's going to do it. We'll see. And then Rick and I'll be back next Thursday. Hopefully, I have a voice by then. Peace.