Welcome into a Wednesday edition of the Roadwire Fantasy Basketball podcast. There we go. Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz here with you on this Wednesday morning. Brandon, normally, we would jump right in. We would have a a a big NBA slate to discuss, but no basketball on Tuesday night. The NBA take an election night off, but you know what that means? We get a 14 game slate coming at us, on Wednesday night. So good luck. I mean, I I have some daily lineup leagues, Brandon, where I have, like, too many guys active, and I have, like, good players sitting on the bench. I had 14 games is too many. It's too many to keep track of. It it really is. I I hate I'm not gonna complain about it, but I will say I personally prefer I think my favorite night in the NBA is when we have, like, 4 games. I think that's the perfect sweet spot for me Yeah. Where the I can I can move around a little bit, but I can also I'm just so much better when it comes to setting a daily lineups or underdog props or betting on I don't even know where to start? So, I mean, of course, it's, we we had yesterday off, and they just legalized or they opened up a legal sports book in the state of Florida where I reside. So the fact that they did that on a Tuesday where there's no NBA was a cruel sick joke, And so I'm ready to hammer it today. I got a couple of games in mind, but I'm with you. It's almost too much to even wrap your head around. Yeah. I'm looking at that Utah Indiana game specifically. I I know last night, I was kinda doing some research for for the slate, and there's, like I think the total's, like, up to 245 in that one. I mean, that's, like, 2 of the fastest paced teams in the league, 2 of the worst defenses in the league going at it. But, yeah, it's a little overwhelming. It's a little overwhelming, especially, you know, I'm I'm on the radio, you know, from 6 to 9 my time. So all these games are tipping off. You know, I'm trying to keep track of what's going on. I'm trying to talk football on the radio and you know, which is just a whole different level of distracting. I want more games in the late window, and I know most people would disagree. Oh, I definitely disagree. As someone who stays up until, like, 12:30, 1 AM CST, like, you know, it's great. Portland, Sacramento, I watch a lot of West Coast teams, but I I would like it. It's it's kinda like the way they balance the NFL schedule. You know, we got all these games starting early, and then they only put 2 or 3 in the late window. Like, I'd I'd like to see a little more balance. You know, I I I guess in some ways, just as a viewer, I wish the NBA cared less about people actually being in their arena because then they could do what baseball does, and they could put games on in the middle of the day. Major League Baseball has just said, we do not care if you arrive at our stadiums. We're gonna put games on whenever the hell we want. As a viewer, I love that. That's the baseball season is great because you've got games on in the middle of the day. Unless it's, MLK Day, you don't really get that in in the association. You're totally right. And we have you know, the jobs that we have enable us to watch games at all hours, so we we should acknowledge that. But, no, MLK Day is fantastic. Like, that's one of my favorite sports days of the year. I mean, you wake up, you you got the Hawks playing at, like, 11:30 AM. The Bucks have been playing early the last few years. But, anyway, that is that is neither here nor there. Well, can can I can I cut in just to what I you and I this is the first time you and I are doing a full length podcast together, so this is also partially a learning experience for the 2 of us? For that same reason, what you just said about MLK Day, where do you land as a big football fan too on the fact that the NFL has tried to take over Christmas? This is it's just something I have to understand about the, mentality of Nick Whalen. I I get it from the NBA's perspective that there is some encroaching being done, but I just love football so much that I don't care, and I'll watch both. You know, this is a this is a 2 TV household in Olivia. Okay. So we could yeah. We got those 2 TVs for a reason. There's only 1 NBA game on at once, so we can, you know, we could find ways to balance it out. I mean, the bigger issue for me is, you know, trying to, like, sneak away from from my family or my now wife's, I guess, family. Oh, yeah. Congratulations. Yeah. Thank thank you. That's I think that's the first time I've said that. But, you'd be able to watch all these games. Like, I, you know, I I've I've got an iPad a couple of years ago. That's been huge for just, like, you know, I could hold it under the table. I could sneakily watch things. But, no. I don't I don't have a problem with the n f the NFL trying to take it over. I mean, if anything, it's like, do you really need more money? You know, it's like, could you could you just let us have this one? But I also feel like Christmas Day, like a lot of Christmas is for the NBA, Nick. It frustrates me as a sportsman. I get it. The the NFL is to step away. Let the NBA have it. Christmas day peaked for the NBA in, like, 2016, 17 when there were those, like, insane Cavs warriors battles. Like, I I I I'm the biggest NBA fan I know, and I'm, like, not as excited for Christmas day games as I used to be. Like, that you know, when they would reveal the of the NFL. I don't know. I I think it's just it's wrapped into this whole kind of devaluing of the regular season thing. Alright. Well, I'm I'm done commandeering the podcast. You go ahead. Well, what we wanna talk about, and as always, you know, second half of the show, we'll we'll hit comments, so feel free to throw those in. You know, on YouTube, we love your comments. We will answer as many of them as we can later in the show. But we want to want to do a couple of segments here talking about early draft regrets, Brandon. We're 2 weeks into the season. Still, in my opinion, too early to panic on just about everybody. But, you know, if you if you took Pascal Siakam, for example, you're not feeling great about it. And, I am in that boat. I will tell you that. You know, if you took, Tyrese Maxey with the 55th pick in your draft and you now you got yourself a guy who might be a top 20 player the rest of the season, you're feeling great. So we'll talk about some of the players that we missed out on, guys we wish we had more shares of, some of the players that we hit on, and then just some of the general surprises one way or the other. But I I do wanna start with Maxey, and there's there's almost not much to say here. Right? It's like I I'm not really surprised with what Maxey's doing. You know, if you were somebody who thought James Harden was gonna be traded and you took Tyrese Maxey, great. I I also think where he was going in drafts, like, even if Harden remained on the Sixers, I still think Tyrese Maxey has a path to being a top 50 player. Like, I just looking back, I'm like, why why did I not just take him with, like, the 45th pick? I'm not saying you had to take him in the 2nd round. You know, his cost was so low still, that I I I just look back and think, man, what a missed opportunity. I mean, specifically in playing fantasy basketball, I think it's so much about once you get past the first two rounds where the the players that you should draft are pretty obvious, and you probably shouldn't veer too much from that. You just have to get your guys, and and and I think the Tyrese Maxey path, the ranking didn't really reflect what kind of value he was gonna have because the ranking for Tyrese Maxey was still somewhat James Harden playing in Philly was still somewhat baked into that. So he was a guy, I think, for us that follow it regularly, you knew Harden wasn't gonna be a part of the mix here long term. And so if you did end up getting Maxey on your squad, good for you. It's paying dividends. Not only is he scoring, he's giving you the assists. He shoots at a pretty good clip as well. So he's definitely somebody that I tried to target as much as I could, just having the confidence that James Harden was gonna move on at some point. A guy for me that that I was taking late in drafts. In fact, one of them was the the Vegas draft that we did at at Circa as a a rotor wire crew was shade on sharp, and then I think that he's a good example of of what I'm talking about. Mhmm. I I know in the moment, and we didn't have know, we were doing this sort of old school. We didn't have computers and rankings in front of us, so I'm kind of just going off the off the dome, and you were looking you're reading the board. Full disclosure, this is being done at the stadium swim pool at Circa, and we basically had to, like, go and, like, heard everybody when it was their turn to pick. Right. So this was, like, the least scientific draft that I've ever been a part of. But, nonetheless, it was it was still a pretty sharp room. Well and I and I blurted out shade on sharp probably 3 to 4 rounds before he should go, and I am not regretting it, Nick. He has been outstanding, and and continues to get opportunities with Scoot Henderson now missing some time. So, he's he's definitely one of those guys. I I feel like I sort of maybe even backed into that one. Well, I think Anthony Simons going down was the biggest thing. Right? Like, Sharpe was actually was actually off to a relatively slow start the first couple games of the year, and it was such a small sample that who knows? And the Blazers were getting blown out. But now, you know, with Scoot missing time, and it seemed like it pretty much immediately when Simons went out, Sharp was playing, like, 38 to 42 minutes right away. And I I think that's gonna continue to be the case for the next several weeks. So even if if and when his role regresses a bit, once Simons is back, like, you're getting so much value early on, that it's probably gonna be worth it. And, yeah, he's somebody I I wish I would have had a little bit more of. Yep. Chet Holmgren and Victor Wemenyama, I have some regrets about. I I still you know, the reason that I stayed away from both of those guys is I I just worry about games played. I worry about the long term. But, honestly, both of them look better than I expected. Both of them, you know, Wayne Banyama especially has basically met value. You know, right now, he's, like, the 23rd ranked player per game in in 8 category leagues. That's right about where his ADP was. He got pushed a little bit higher late in draft season, but you're certainly not disappointed, if you drafted Webb Banyama. And you also look at, like, half of his games, he's, you know, been in foul trouble or or played after 30 minutes. You know, I think if you if you kind of prorate out, like, alright. What if he's actually playing 32, 30, 33 minutes per game? I think that one's gonna be just fine. I mean, Chad Holmgren, Wake, breaks ahead of Webb Banyama in Fantasy. He's the 13th player on the season. And, you know, you could get Chad Holmgren quite a bit later in draft than you could Webb Banyama. I think there was understandably some level of caution. I mean, his ADP, Brandon, we we have a great composite ADP page on Rotobire where you can you can see, you know, ESPN, CBS, Yahoo, Underdog, FanTrax, and then you get a composite of those. I mean, his his number was 52.4. And, I mean, if he stays healthy, I think he's gonna have a really good chance to be a top 25 guy all year. I would completely agree with that. He's looked outstanding, and I think what he's giving you in in the passing game, you know he was gonna block shots. He can score from everywhere. It it's so he he's definitely a guy that when we saw we saw flashes of it in summer league and in the preseason, and he's just following through with that. He he he's someone that I loved in the draft process when he was coming out with the magic having that top pick. I was all in on Chet Holmgren. So, to see to see him playing like this already after missing a season, which was really unfortunate, I'm just happy I'm happy for him and and for those that, that believed in what he could do. For Wimbonyama, I think we just didn't expect him to, to show out the way that he has already going up against top tier competition. He kinda figured that it would take some time, and and and there was it was slow out of the gate in terms of, like, that first game, and getting into foul trouble and those type of issues, but he's number 2 in the league in blocked shots right now. Went toe to toe with Kevin Durant and at times looked like the better player. It is really remark I I I see you sort of scowling over there, but you had a hell of a night. 38 points against KD, and he made him look like a child. Yeah, man. And I I feel like we still haven't even seen, like, close to what we're going to see highlights wise from Wemenyama. You know? You you had that that baseline reverse dunk that that everybody, you know, kind of blew up on social media. And I was like, yeah. By Wemenyama standards? Like, I don't know. That's like that's like a 7 out of 10. Like, I think we're gonna see some some absolutely wild stuff as the season goes along. Again, we we thank everybody for the comments. We will go back and hit those later in the show. If you guys have any any draft regrets, any players that you've hit on, you know, guys you jumped ADP 4 that have worked out so far, let us know. We'll we'll touch on those, but we'll go back and hit the rest of those questions later, in the show. Brandon, who who are some other players that you regret missing out on so far? Yeah. I think, I didn't get enough of Walker Kessler. He was somebody that I really liked last year. Go back to that, the the block shots category. Somebody that you just knew was gonna bring it. I probably should've moved him up in terms of my rankings. I love what I'm seeing from Asar Thompson. This guy's, got a a few steals a game in his bag that doesn't seem to be going away. So those are a couple of guys that I look at and say, just wasn't really willing to pull the trigger, but they've been outstanding. Yeah. Asar Thompson is is a big one for me. I mean, it's one where I I'm not I'm not sitting back and and, like, you know, just ruining my drafts where I did not, you know, go way above ADP for Asar Thompson. It all along, I, you know, I I was on the record saying I like Asar better than a Ben, just because of the situation, and and clearly that's been borne out. You know, we'll see. Like, Detroit, I I still don't like, Bojan Bogdanovic still hasn't played. Like, I I hope that they don't, you know, shoehorn him into this rotation for 30 minutes once he's back. But, you know, Jaden Ivey playing, like, 20 minutes a game has been huge for Sartan Thompson, who they they clearly trust more at this point. And, you know, the the steals and the blocks numbers have been huge. I mean, that's that's kinda carrying him toward borderline top 40 value so far. But the rebounds. I mean, for for a guy who basically plays shooting guards ball forward to be to be bringing down 9 boards a game on a team that has a ton of big men too. That's the other thing. It's like if there are competition for rebounds and Thompson is still, one of the best rebounders, if not the best, at his position right now, Field goal percentage, you know, in Roto Leagues, that's gonna be an issue. We knew it would be a problem. He's down at, like, 40%, but he but he's been a much better free throw shooter than expected. I'm I'm curious to see if that sustains. He's at 82% right now. Yeah. And and another guy that I was just looking at here, Nick Vucevic, who I'm I'm quite familiar with his days in Orlando. I I just I think we almost get bored with his production. It's he's, like, 17 and 10, 19 and 10 every single year. But he just continues to produce in such a such a predictable sort of a way. Go back to a conversation that we had a couple of weeks ago about guys with that nice safe floor. You need those guys on your roster. I don't want constant movement in and out, and you always know what you're getting from Vooch. Yeah. And I I would just pass on him every single time out of boredom. Well, that's what I thought I was getting with Siakam. Right? You're like, oh, you know, it might not have the highest ceiling. I'm not it's not somebody who I was waiting for the Siakam rant. God, man. He's killing me. He's killing me. He's terrible. He's been so bad. He's he's I mean, the the volume's down. The usage rate is down, like, 7 percentage points. Yeah. Even when the usage rate has been there, it's been inefficient. I I I do think it turns around to some degree, but I I think this this is looking like it's Scottie Barnes' team at this point. And and to me, that's what's what's concerning. Absolutely. Now he gets an opportunity tonight. I'm not I'm not selling Pascal Siakam yet. I am I have my hand firmly placed on the on the panic button, but I haven't pressed it yet. Let's see what he does against the Dallas mavericks. And then if he can't produce against this team Yeah. That really has no interest in playing defense, then then we can start to, to create I think I might start to press down on it a little bit. So tonight's important for Siakam's sake. We got a message to pass along from our friends at Underdog Fantasy. Underdog is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contest. If you have not tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to Rotowire. All you gotta do is use the promo code rwnba. That is r w m b a. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use that promo code rwnba. That will get you the deposit bonus up to a $100 as well as that Roadwire subscription free for 6 months. That's all sports too. If you got if you got fantasy baseball prep to do, if you wanna dig in on our fantasy football content, you don't just get our basketball content with that. So check it out and check out underdog. Brandon, we we got some some chatter in the chat about Jordan Poole. And, you know, our our guy Jay is asking, will Jordan Poole get any better than where he is right now? I think if you're somebody who invested in Jordan Poole, which I I really did not, and it wasn't it wasn't by choice. Like, I if if he was there, you know, at or below 80p, I I had no problem taking him. But if he did, it hasn't exactly worked out so far. You know, it he's the 63rd player overall in Roto League, so it hasn't been a complete disaster. But but the thing that I think really stands out, not only with Poole, but with Kyle Kuzma, with Daniel Gafford, with with some of these main guys for the Wizards is the minutes. I mean, I I thought Jordan Poole could lead the league in minutes. Like, that was conceivable. Right? And he's had 28 minutes a game. Part of it is they've been completely blown out in half of their game so far. But at the same time, it's like, you know, it's the Wizards. Right? Like, Jordan Poole is is kind of your future. Like, even if you're down 30, I I don't think you have to take Jordan Poole out of the game. So I I think it's been it's been frustrating. And even the games that have been relatively close for the Wizards, you know, we're not seeing him extended to the degree that we thought. Well, I mean, it's getting better, though. You know? He scored 23 points in his in his last outing. You gotta like that. He's been pretty good from deep. You know you're gonna get that sort of, production from him. I I just think this is the this is the high variance of Jordan Poole playing on a really bad team. I I am I disappointed in what he's done thus far? Absolutely. But it's just not surprising. He's he's on a bad team. They're playing sandlot basketball right now, and it's gonna look really ugly at times. They've had a tough schedule, Boston, Philly, Miami, Atlanta. So, I I would just say practice some patience when it comes to Jordan Poole. He's gonna frustrate you at times. Mhmm. Just kinda close your eyes and and and wait for the accumulation. At the end of the season, I think you'll look back and go, man, that was really anxiety provoking, but but he delivered at the end of the day. Yeah. It it you just gotta know what you're signing up for with Jordan Poole. That's exactly it. He's a high variance player playing on a team that's awful. Well, I I also think the the dream of, like, wait. Could Jordan Poole win the scoring title? Like, I I don't think that's happening, unless this this minute's trend really reverses. And, like, look, I I still think he's gonna have, like, 5 50 point games. You know, eventually, they're they're gonna be competitive enough and the training wheels will be off, and he'll have those boom nights. But I I think night tonight, it's just looking like it's not gonna be quite as consistent, as we would have hoped. You know, James Harden, I wanna ask you about him. He's got one game under his belt so far, so we we don't have a huge sample here. They said he'd be at a minutes limit the other night. He played 31 minutes, gave you 17 and 6. You know, shot it well from the field. Obviously, he's always been somebody who's kind of a cheat code in terms of free throws. You know, at the end of draft season, like, I I did a couple drafts the last day before the regular season started. And James Harden was going in, like, the mid to late fifties. Like and that includes in my my n NFBKC where you you typically don't you know, people are more willing to take chances on guys like Harden in that format. And even he slipped there, knowing what we now know that he was able to successfully force his way to the Clippers, really only missed, like, 5 or 6 games to begin the year. Do do you regret, you know, not taking James Harden, not being more aggressive, or were you aggressive in still targeting him despite the cloud of uncertainty that was hanging over him during draft season? No. I thought he I still thought he was being overdrafted even though he's got a great history in in terms of putting up numbers in in this fantasy department. Still wasn't really sure how it was all gonna work and what and how he was gonna fit with the Clippers. And we also I mean, we didn't know. I've we thought that he would end up with the Clippers, but you didn't know where he was gonna end up. And I I don't I didn't really wanna venture into that level of mystery. There was also still a chance that Philadelphia just sat him down and said, we can't find a trade partner, and Daryl Morey was gonna, play hardball with him. So I wanted no part of it just dealing with that headache and a guy that was potentially gonna miss a lot of time. Now that he is with the Clippers and he's already put up a decent stat line in his first game, at the garden the other night. I regret it a little bit. I mean, it probably probably was in hindsight being drafted at the right value, but at the time, I I I just wasn't it wasn't an investment I was willing to take on. I'm curious to get your thought on this because it seemed like the biggest impact was Paul George, ironically enough. I I just figured James Harden would come in, facilitate, facilitate, facilitate, and that is not what happened. Yeah. I we talked about his, you know, props on the on the NBA show on SiriusXM, NBA radio on Monday. And, you know, the one that I really liked was his assist because I I I thought the same thing. I thought he'd come in and just kinda float around, do James Harden things, which, you know, in Philly, he was not a guy that was consistently pushing 25, 30 points per game. Like, I I think he kinda it moved into this this new phase of his career and and no longer wanted to to try to lead the league in scoring and instead was just gonna be the assist guy. He still went over. I think the prop was 5 and a half. He had 6 assists on Monday. But, yeah, you're right. I it's too early to say that, oh, man. This is gonna be a huge drain on Paul George's fantasy value. I I still think PG is gonna be fine. I mean, it's probably it's a slight reduction across the board for for guys like PG, Kawhi. And Russell Westbrook to me is ultimately the the guy that's gonna suffer long term. I know they're they're trying to start them both right now. I just I don't think that's I don't think that's gonna be sustainable. You can't you got, like, the worst shooter in the NBA in Russell Westbrook. You got a complete nonshooter in Zubac. I I don't think you could that's not really the recipe. Right? If James Harden is gonna be your primary ball handler and, look, Kawhi and Paul George are both great driving kick players as well. You need shooters around those guys. And I I think, eventually, they're they're gonna move off of Westbrook in the starting lineup. But I I still think he could be productive off the bench, but, Russell is somebody that I've just got it done with in fantasy. That makes sense. And I see that we have, we who've we've got questions coming in about Russell Westbrook, a guy that, I think he's very he's always been sort of format dependent, when it comes to Fantasy. And now the even in the format where he was thriving, in a points league, I'm I'm just not sure that he's given you enough. I still don't mind him. I the thing is I play in almost exclusively Rota Leagues, so that's why I say I'm out. Like, in points leagues, whatever. Especially if it if especially if your league doesn't do turnovers, you know, if it's a points league with with 8 categories, you know, perfect. That's fine. You know, if if you know, most points leagues obviously don't value percentages. So, you know, in that case, I'm still okay with him. You know, if you're if you're realistic about what his expectations are What is his realistic expectation then? When he because he's probably gonna settle into a bench role beef in in not too long. Yeah. But it's still Russell Westbrook, and I I think he's still gonna play like himself when he's out there. And the Clippers, you know, they shed so much depth in that trade that, like, if you're asking Russell Westbrook to still play 27 to 30 minutes a game and and lead your bench unit, like, I I actually think he might be, in some ways, more productive in that role where you know, right now, he's, like, very clearly the number 4 option in the starting lineup. But if you're if you're staggering him and he's only out there with one of those other 3 guys, like, I think that's actually better for him. Yeah. I don't I don't know how much that's gonna I guess that's the way that they probably Ty Lou probably draws this up is that Russell Westbrook comes off the bench, but it's not like it's just him out there. Yeah. It's him with Paul George or Tim with Kawhi Leonard. But the fact that they couldn't come through the other night, the Knicks have been struggling mightily. I I think that's just a symptom of of trying to work somebody into your rotation that is a heavy usage guy like James Harden. So that's it was one of those spots. It was a mysterious line the other night because the, I think the Clippers are only favored by 1, and they've been the far superior team this year. Those are the kind of things you gotta look out for. Where were you at on Alperen to Shangoon? We got a question from from Jack here. We love the the Bowl Bowl, Abby there. You know, Shangoon, it it feels like he's playing really well so far. If you're in a Roto league, he ranks, like, 50th overall, and that's because he's a terrible free throw shooter. Although he's taken a little over 3 a game, so it's not it's not just killing you. You know, if he was taking 5, 6, 7, that'd be a, you know, much more severe situation. But, you know, the counting stats have been fantastic for Shanggu. And the only thing is, you know, last year, Brandon, he was basically a one block per game player, and he has one total block on the year. So it's it's been weird. Like, the points, assists, rebounds, those have been awesome. Yeah. I I think in a lot of ways, he's been the the the Rockets' best player on a lot of nights, but the defensive numbers in the free throw percentage are kinda offsetting what he's doing in those other categories. Right. Yeah. The the passing is there. He's actually, he's got a couple of steals a night, so far as well. I I I think he's sort of been Mhmm. I guess, kinda what you signed up for. Right? I mean, this is, I think this is the Alperen Shingen you kinda thought you were gonna get. This is the problem with drafting Rockets players and and to go back to the original conversation we were having about regret. I thought Jabari Smith was gonna take this big leap. And this this was the concern side of of that sort of draft pick, and I think Shane Goon is experiencing some of that as well. There's only one ball to go around. Dillon Brook Dillon Brooks wants to get his. Fred VanVleet is gonna patrol the offense, so it's it's kinda hard to, it's it's hard to predict night tonight, and I think those 2 guys in the front court are kinda seeing the brunt of, of maybe a diminished role. But I also don't think for Shane Goona, it's not a concern. I'm concerned about Jabari Smith. I think Shane Goon is fine kinda where he's at. Another big miss for me, Jalen Duran. You know, his ADP, you could you could get him in, like, you know, the 110 to 115 range in a lot of drafts. I mean, so far, he has been a top 35 guy. And he's, you know, playing under 30 minutes a game. Like, my my big concern was, man, they have all these big men. They're gonna try to, you know, try to get a look at Wiseman. They're still, you know, clinging to some hope with Marvin Bagley, Isaiah Stewart. I I just thought it would be a little bit convoluted. You know, you worry about the free throw percentage. It actually hasn't been that bad for him this year. He's at, like, 73%. Obviously, ultra elite, in terms of field goal percentage, pretty much everything is a dunk or a layup. You know, he's not not blocking shots at, like, an extremely high rate for how big and how athletic he is. 1.3 per game so far. But, you know, the passing is couple around, too. We saw flashes of this last season, but he's averaging almost 3 assists per game. Obviously, gonna be a monster on the on the boards. You know, almost 15 points per game so far as well. And I I think it's gonna be sustainable. Right? I mean, James Wiseman James Wiseman is not gonna be in this rotation. You know, the only game I think he's played this season is when Darren was out. And, you know, I I think they pretty clearly recognize that Duran is the the center of the future. So is he gonna finish top 35 on the year? Probably not. But even if he regresses to, like, that 50, 60 overall range, I mean, you're you're still getting massive value there. Yeah. I I really like watching him play. He knows exactly what kind of player he is. He's super mature for his age. And if you look at the just where he's kinda thriving near the basket, 28th in made twos, on the year so far. I mean, so that he's hovering around players like Jalen Brunson, Jaren Jackson Junior, Mikael Bridges, Tyler Herro. So the the you're talking about some fantasy superstars. Definitely a guy that I, I I it wasn't even like I was low on Duran. I think I just over there are certain guys at that point in the draft that you can't love everybody, and you just end up there's the high guys, the low guys, and then they're just the overlooked group, and I think Duran fell into that for me. I I agree that I mean, that has to be. If you don't have them on your team, you've gotta be, regretting that one. We're we're talking about a lot of the things that we did wrong. Do do you have any any players 2 weeks in in your back pocket where you're like, man, I I just completely nailed that. I was aggressive in in targeting him, and it's looking like it's gonna work out. Well, I was a total, Victor when Mignama, Mark. So that Okay. That one's that one's working out great. Donovan Mitchell was somebody that I I targeted at the top of drafts. I'm a magic homer, so this is partially, for paying dividends for that reason, but Cole Anthony has been outstanding coming off of the Magic bench, and he's actually playing better defense than we've ever given him credit for and quite frankly that he's ever deserved. He had 2 blocked shots just the other night at Amway against, the Dallas Mavericks, one that he pinned against the backboard, which was awesome. And, and I've definitely, definitely feel good about that selection. So those like, Shane Unsharp, Victor Wemyama, Donovan Mitchell, Cole Anthony, drafting Cole, not just having him on my team, but specifically taking him ahead of some of the other guys that I saw drafted in front of him, like Anthony Black, who is getting his opportunities right now. But, that those are kind of the guys at the top of my list. What about you? You know, I I I feel like I haven't had a ton of, like, wow, what a steal type of type of picks. I actually I got CTO of a column pretty late in my NFB KC. He was feeling awesome about that. He had looked great, but, you know, obviously, that has that has collapsed, pun intended, for at least the next several weeks, and we'll see. Hopefully, CJ McCollum, is back soon. I think he missed, like, 6 ish weeks last time he dealt with this in 2021. So, you know, hopefully, it's not anything major long term, but, you know, Rudy Gobert was somebody that I was in on. And, you know, overall, he he ranks barely inside the top 100. So I wouldn't say it's like a great value, but I actually like what I've seen from Gobert so far. I think he he looks like he's kinda ingratiated a lot better with this team. I mean, Minnesota's been the best defensive team in the league so far. You know, he's up up to 2.2 blocks on the year, which is a nice improvement over last season. Like, I I drafted it for the blocks 1st and foremost and the rebounds, and and and those have both been there. The field goal percentage is kind of the issue right now. Like, he's never gonna be a high assist player. Obviously, he's never gonna be a great asset for free throw percentage. He's always gonna hurt you there. But, you know, in his peak days in Utah, I mean, he was, like, 65, close to 70% from the field, and he's down at 53 right now. So that's that's been a a little bit worrisome, but, you know, if you were targeting Gobert and thinking that there was any sort of bounce back here, like, I I still feel pretty confident about just how he's looked in terms of the I test. Yeah. And Minnesota's playing well. The I I I think last year, we expected it. Sometimes we expect these things to gel quicker than they're actually going to in reality, and that trade looked like a disaster. I don't think, that's necessarily the case anymore. Look at what they were able to do the other night. They beat the Boston Celtics, 1st team to do so, and Rudy Gobert has definitely been playing a role in that. So the stats are gonna follow. This team's playing well right now. Yeah. Markkanen was another guy for me. You know, he's not really exceeding where he was drafted just because he was going so high, but, feel pretty comfortable even with Utah looking like they're gonna be a bad team, that that he's going to replicate what he did last season. You know? I mean, we we really only had 1 year of a sample of him being an elite fantasy player. So I think there was some question of, like, alright. Is this a fluke? Like, he's been he's a pretty average to below average player for, like, the first 5 years of his career, but, you know, he's basically looked the part so far. Alright, Brandon. We'll we'll hit a few more, questions in in the chat here in a second, but got some, messages to pass along from rival fantasy and vivid seats. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Byrd, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball is synonymous with legendary rivalries. They make the game more fun, and they give fans the story lines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player match up in head to head debate could be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their game, play the rival fantasy in house challenges, or you could create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/roto wire, and you'll get a $200 deposit batch. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. We'll see you in the arena. Again, that is rivalfantasy.com/roto wire. Go get that $200 deposit batch. Vivid Seats. The NBA wow. Can't even talk. The NBA season is underway. Great stuff there. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing. Nothing, Brandon, beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans, every dunk, dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus with a 100% buyer guarantee, you could be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visitvividseats.com or download their app today and use the promo code ROTOWIRE for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That promo code is RotoWire, r o t o w I r e. You better be able to spell that for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vivid Seats. Experience it live. Alright. We got that business, out of the way here, Brandon. It's a smooth sailing the rest of the way. Brian in the chat says, Desmond Bane is one of his big hits. He got him with pick number 36, at right about ADP for Desmond Bane. I think there was a little bit of hesitancy just because it it still it still feels to me. It's like, yeah, you don't think of Desmond Bane as, like, a a superstar level player. But when you take into account Ja Morant missing 25 games, you know, the fact that Desmond Bane is pretty clearly their best creator, their best shooter, even though Memphis has been a disaster so far in terms of wins and losses, that is paying off. I mean, Desmond Bane is a top 15 guy in Roto Leagues. Yeah. He's got 3 or 4 I'm sorry. 3 30 point games in his last four outings. So they're losing, but he's putting up numbers. He kinda figured that would be the case because offensively, it is a one man show in Memphis and, and that that's where I mean, it kinda works. It's serving 2 masters here and that they, they can't they can't generate enough offense to win games, but Desmond Bane's good enough to support you in fantasy. So that's where, you know, he's he's coming through for you. Will it last when Ja Morant comes back? I think the efficiency probably gets better, but the overall volume certainly gonna take, a downtick. I think it's some at in some ways, it's a a math equation. Right? Where if Desmond Bane gives you 25 to 30 games as a top 15 player and then he gives you the rest of the season as, like, the 35th best player, like, that's still fine. Right? I mean, you you have you have such a long runway. 25 games is a third of the season. You know? So I I think even when Morant comes back, like, yeah, he's gonna regress a little bit, but unless he completely drops off a cliff, which I don't think is gonna happen, you you you you're you're getting what you paid for for that 1st 3rd of the season, and then you expect a little bit of a a drop off after that. Jack asked, any regrets if you drafted Austin Reeves? Where do you think he will end up by the end of the year? I I'm not really regretting it at this point. I I think, you know, Reeves has actually played really well the last couple of games. You know, got off to a really slow start. Felt like everybody who played for team USA got off to a bad start. Absolutely. You know, Reeves was going in, like, the mid eighties. So unless you really jumped ADP, I don't think you're you're regretting that all that much. I mean, he's he's the 98th ranked player right now in Roto Leagues. The field goal percentage is gonna rise. You know, he had a couple bad shooting games early on that are that are, you know, kind of sinking that right now. You know, the free throw percentage should get better as well. Everything else to me has been fine. You know, it's one and a half steals per game is great. You know, it's 5 rebounds, 4 assists per game. We'd like to see a little more scoring out of Austin Reeves. You know, 14 points per game seems a little bit low. I I just think the Lakers need to tighten up this rotation a bit. We need to see we need to see way less D'Angelo Russell. We probably need to see less of Cam Reddish who clanked the wide open game winner the other night against the Miami Heat. But with Reeves, no, I'm not I'm not really concerned at all. I think you're there's a pretty good chance that Austin Reeves ends up exceeding, you know, his ADP. I I I think he could pretty easily be a top 70 guy. He had 31% from 3 point range so far, and the the concern there, and he didn't play that much relative to, what he did last year where he really became, a star in his role type of player for the LA Lakers, but he was a 31% 3 point shooter in his 1st year in the NBA, jumped up to 40% last year, and now it's a very limited sample size. He's back down to 31%. The concern is that last year was the outlier and that that's not really who he is. It's not fair to make that determination yet, but that would be the concern. I think you wanna see this team get healthy and that's gonna help him in terms of his facilitation. He's a great passer. I don't think the numbers are jumping off the page. But, yeah, if you're talking about top 70, he should be able to to finish in that range. But I think people that were drafting him just because of the star that he became last year might have been expecting a little bit more out of him. On that note, Brooks asks, would you trade Malcolm Brogdon for Austin Reeves? I think I would. I think I would. I don't know that Malcolm Brogdon is going to be remaining on this Blazers team. It's been a good start so far. No. He's kind of the the elder statesman on what's otherwise just a pretty bad roster. But, you know, despite that, it it it again, kind of depends on format. Like, in Roto Leagues, he's closer to the 90th ranked player right now. Like, he's only he's, like, less than a round ahead of Austin Reeves. And it feels like Reeves has played really badly, and it feels like Brogan's played really well. So e even if you think Brogan sticks around in Portland, like, I I would try to capitalize on on his hot start. You know, the thing that's holding him back right now is the field goal percentage. You know, in points leagues, he ranks breaks way higher. But, you know, he's at 39% from the field right now. That that number probably comes up, but I would I would make that deal. I I think I'd rather have Reeves. What what about you? Yeah. I think you're right in terms of that it it depends a lot what type of league you're in because if you're talking about just even in in he's scoring a lot more than I thought he would with the Blazers, and maybe the Scoot Henderson and Anthony Simon's injury, is a huge factor in that. But, he scored as many points as Kawhi Leonard and Zion Williamson so far this year. That probably when you say that out loud, is that something that really seems like it's gonna hold up? Wow. No. But but I'm also there there is a little bit concern for me when it comes to Austin Reeves. So I I feel like you're sorta just I don't know that you're actually getting better with that deal. That that's my problem. Could you do it? Sure. Like, if you're just in the mood to make a trade, fine. But does it really make you that much better? I'm not I'm not sure it does. I mean, it's not gonna completely swing your season, but I you you mentioned it with Simons too. I mean, that's part of the reason that Brogdon's played so well is, you know, you got your your number one score out of the lineup basically right away. So I I think once he's back, we we see Brogdon take a step back as well. Maybe you're not Do we have a time do we have a time line on Simons, though? That that be this is part this is part of the concern with teams like this that have no interest in winning is that these time lines tend to get stretched out pretty good. They they said 4 to 6 weeks. That was the initial timeline that we got. That was, like, a little over a week ago. So I I think the the hope is that he's back, you know, a week before Christmas or so. And if if that's the case, that's fine. I mean, I it's too early. I I if this happened in February, you know, then I'd be like, I don't know, man. They they might hold him out. I don't think he's coming back, but I don't think we're looking at, like, a lost season for Anthony Simons. I I think I think the Blazers could be as bad as they want with Anthony Simons, is the way that I would frame that. And You might be able to hold you might be able to hold on, on Brogdon for a moment and and get something better. He's he's producing really well. He still need wins right now, Nick. Yeah. I suppose. I suppose. Let's let's talk Zion real quickly because he brought him up, and then we will we will go back and and hit a bunch of the questions from the chat. Zion ranks 158 right now in 8 category leagues per game. That is not good. You know? I I think the the concern with Zion is not his production. It's how many games is he going to play. This is pretty shocking. Right? I mean, the the the points per game have been there. He's at about 22, but, yeah, he was hovering closer to 30 points per game, you know, before he got hurt 2 seasons ago. 7 rebounds, that's fine. Almost 5 assists, that's fantastic. You know, seeing the passing come along. Zaya does not have a single block shot through 6 games, Brandon. 0 blocks. 0 blocks. He's under a steal per game as well. He's not taking any threes. He's not made a 3 pointer. You know, and and the field goal percentage is good at at 50.5, but for a guy who doesn't take threes and for a guy who finishes and is as physical as he is, that still feels a little bit low. And the free throw percentage down at 60.5 for a guy who's taking over 6 free throws a game, that is that is really damaging. So I I think Zion Williamson threw 6 games. Again, small sample. It it has to go down as somewhat of an early regret. Yeah. And, I mean, he's not even getting to the line that much. I I, he he he right now, it is frustrating because, this is the the intersection of of fantasy and reality. I think Zion's playing really well for New Orleans. Well, it's not translating the it's not translating in the box score. I think part of the reason why it's working right now is that he is sort of just playing a complimentary role, and we expect Zion Williamson to be the star of this basketball team. I think it's working for New Orleans right now, but it's certainly not working for Fantasy managers. Alright. Let's hit some of the questions in the chat. Keep those coming, guys. We'll, we'll we'll do about 20 more minutes here and then get out. Asks, Gafford or PJ Tucker, who would you keep? To me, this is very clearly Gafford. I'll side with you. I don't really have a take on this. Yeah. I mean, PJ Tucker is just not a good fantasy player at this point. But much better real life player than fantasy. I know Gafford's been off to a little bit of a slow start. We've got a few questions on Gafford, but, you know, the minutes have been frustrating. He's still over 2 blocks a game, and that's ultimately why you drafted him was to to get those blocks. And I think those are going to be there. So, yeah, if you're if you're choosing between those 2, absolutely go with with Daniel Gafford. You know, fork 3 here says that Kevin Herter has really let him down this year. Speaking of guys you maybe regret drafting, I mean, not not not an exorbitant draft cost, of course, for Herter. He was going, you know, in the 130 range. But but, you know, obviously it's not been a great start for him. Feels like he's been marginalized a little bit, only playing 24 minutes per game. They were seeing more more Balik Bunk. You know, they brought in Chris Duarte as well to be a part of that rotation. I think at this point, Kevin Herter is probably a drop in most leagues. You know, I got off to a great start last year. He's been a high volume 3 point shooter. That's what you're targeting in Roto Leagues, but he's he's shooting the ball terribly. He's not playing that many minutes, and he's barely giving you a 3 pointer per game. So, yeah, if you're looking for advice on Herder, I I would say you could pretty safely cut bait right now. It pretty baffling because he's one of those guys that you think every team in the NBA wants to get their hands on and needs to have somebody like that. And he is just I don't know if it's because he's fallen off or he's not being used properly, but definitely could be a trade candidate at the deadline. I'll keep our eyes on that. Brian asked, should I drop Middleton for Bruce Brown? I I think I'd rather have Middleton. I know it's I know it's frustrating. I know it's like year 3 of of this knee issue and kinda in and out and lower minutes, but I think we get to the point where Middleton is is back to, you know, his normal workload at least in the next few weeks. And I like Bruce Brown, but he's not even in the top 150 so far. Like, he's playing a lot of minutes. That's great. But he's he's really giving you nothing on defense. And that's a lot of the appeal with Bruce Brown is the the steals and, you know, some lower end blocks. He, like Zion, does not have a single block this year. He's under a steal per game. The assists haven't really been there. You know, field goal percentage has been fine, but not elite. So I I would side with Middleton in this one. Yeah. Middleton still has the upside of somebody that can help you win games down the road. Bruce Brown is just kind of a roster filler more than anything else. Mhmm. Got a question about Jordan Hawkins, Brandon, in in New Orleans. Is the Jordan Hawkins hype train a trap? It's a very good question. I mean, we saw on on Monday, 31 points, 7 threes from Jordan Hawkins in 38 minutes. Even before CJ McCollum went down, I mean, Jordan Hawkins was was playing pretty serious minutes for this New Orleans team. I mean, somebody who I think is a bit more NBA ready maybe than we expected right away. And and with McCollum out, I I think it's gonna continue. You know, obviously, Trey Murphy is gonna be back hopefully in the next week or 2. You know, Herb Jones is banged up right now with a leg injury. He might end up missing a couple of games. Nothing serious. But, you know, I I wouldn't say it's a total trap. I mean, obviously, he's not gonna give you 30 plus points every single night, but he's taking he's taking a ton of threes. So if you're if you're in a Rota League and you're you're just looking to, you know, grab somebody who who still might be available, who could give you 2 to 3, 3 pointers per game for the next few weeks, I I would do it. I mean, he's he's taking 8 threes a game and shooting 36%, which if you watch him at all at UConn, this shouldn't be that surprising. Yeah. The I think this one's tough for me because everything that we saw leading up to the regular season was this big red flashing light that said, we've got a problem here. Jordan Hawkins did not look good in summer league. It did not look good in preseason, and those were the only indicators that we had of him playing NBA level competition. Obviously, if you watch the NCAA tournament, you loved what you saw from Jordan Hawkins. The guy was a sniper. So I I guess we can we can start to feel a little bit better about his NBA prospects after that game. But, outside of that, monster performance, which is Mhmm. Not an easy thing to do, just to to put up 31 points Yeah. In an NBA game doesn't just sort of happen by accident. So I'll give him credit there, but, if I'm gonna buy in on on hype, I probably need to see I need to see that for a couple of games. Not 30, but if I can see him get close to maybe average around 18 for a couple of nights when he's given an opportunity, I'll start to buy it a little bit more. Jay asked Jordan Poole for Zach LaVine? Or, you know, basically, just take your pick of these 2 guys, Brandon. Poole ranks higher. He's been better so far. We we talked about, you know, some of the pitfalls with him and and some of the, the minutes issues. You know, LaVine's off to a slow start. The bulls just look like a disaster and a team that's gonna blow it up sooner than later. I I think LaVine certainly could be traded at the deadline, if not sooner. I this is really tough. I I think these guys are gonna finish right in the same range. Like, I I think they'll be in the same, like, general round by the end of the year. LaVine to me, though, has the pedigree. I I don't know if I I would necessarily be looking to give up Jordan Poole for him, but LaVine is a buy low for me for sure. I think they're I think they're both buy lows right now. Sure. Sure. Are you really feeling great about Jordan Poole? I I like Jordan I like Jordan Poole a lot coming into this season from a fantasy lens, and I'm I'm not really ready to change my perception on that because I haven't seen anything that that I feel like alters what I thought he'd be coming into the season, kinda like we talked about earlier. So, he's somebody that I've I'm kind of, as as dangerous as this can be, I'm kinda planting my flag and Jordan pulled the fantasy asset, and and I'm just not excited about Zach LaVine and what he gives you across the board. Yeah. You gotta be realistic, of course. But I I think with LaVine, like, the players that I'm willing to buy low on are the guys who are struggling shooting the ball, and, like, everything else to me looks good. Like, if if Zach LaVine was just shooting his normal percentages, I don't think we'd have any concerns. I I think he would he would basically be putting up the same numbers that he has been for the last few years. Because he's at 41% from the field, 32% from 3, and we're still only 8 games in. Like, I I think those numbers will rise. You know, the assists have been down. That would be the one category of some some concern. But I I I think, you know, Zach LaVine is not gonna finish as, like, the 90th ranked Fantasy player this season. So if you can go out and and and snag Zach LaVine in a in a buy low trade, I would encourage you to do that. Asks, can PJ Washington keep top 100 9 cat value? He's kinda hanging on borderline top 100 right now. Yep. Somebody that in in some ways, I I think is a better real life player than fantasy. Like, it feels like he's off to this great start, but it's really it's really like points and and threes dependent, for Washington. He still shoots a really good percentage for a guy who takes a lot of threes, but, you know, he's only at 5 rebounds a game, and he's playing almost, you know, he's playing almost 34 minutes. You know, doesn't really give you anything in terms of assists. Like, blocks and steals tend to come and go. I I I to answer the question, I I think he could be a top 100 player. I don't know if he could be higher than, like, 85th. Yeah. No. I'm I'm a big PJ Washington fan, and they they need his production. Steve Clifford isn't gonna mess around with, with with guys that that kinda don't give it their their 100% game in game out. PJ Washington's the kinda guy that's gonna bring it night tonight. And, yeah, I like what I see so far. I mean, he's been putting up numbers, and he's a solid player. So, you look at that last game, 20 points, 4 rebounds. He's not gonna share the, the basketball very much, but if he can keep those if he can keep the 3 point attempts up, I I think he can be somebody that you feel really good about moving forward. JR asks us, Trey Jones or your guy, Brandon, Cole Anthony? So I'll defer to you on this one. You are the Orlando Magic expert on the pod. Well, I mean, obviously, I'm gonna say Cole Anthony here sort of, par for the course to use a golf reference in, for my guy Nick over here. Yeah. No. He's been Cole Anthony has been really good so far. And part of the reason that I like Cole is that not only can he get hot from the field, he'll also get you a couple of assists per game. He's starting to block shots, and he has heard all the noise about how bad his defense is and how he's a minus defender. And, I think he's bringing it on that end. So he's deaf he's I mean, his role is entrenched in this team. He is their 6th man, and you're talking about a team that struggles to generate offense. He's always gonna have his role. I think he's a really good fantasy asset, especially for the price. I mean, it's, he was somebody that was really undervalued coming in because I I just don't think he gets the fantasy community excited. Are Scottie Barnes numbers sustainable, Brandon? Oh. He's been he's well, I don't know, man. He's been somebody we've gotten a lot of questions about. You know? Should I sell high? I mean, is it sustainable at the current level? Maybe not. But I don't know, man. I mean, it's been pretty sustainable so far. Like, where where's the big drop off come? I I mean, it I'd am I to believe that all of a sudden, he's, like, a top ten player in the NBA? That's my that's the issue. It's it's not that I think all of a sudden he's gonna revert back or or or become, like, he's taken a real step is what I'm saying. But has he taken the step that the numbers would show you that he has? I think that that's unrealistic. He's been putting up numbers like he's a top 10 player in the league. Scottie Barnes is good. He's not that good. So if you're when you stay when you say sustainable, he Scottie Barnes is has to be the the best sell high candidate in all of fantasy basketball right now because of the star power that you could get back. True. That is true. And, look, if if you could trade him for somebody who has top 15, top 20 pedigree over the last 5 years, then, yeah, I I would I would explore that, certainly. But it's it's just really hard to to, like, get rid of a player who's given you over 2 blocks a game and over Oh, yeah. 6 assists. Like, I I wanna keep writing this out as long as I can. I I think I guess the concern is is what? That eventually, you know, Pascal Siakam kinda closes that gap in usage rate. I mean, it it feels like that's that's gonna happen at some point, but I I mean, we're we're 7 games in. And and Scottie Barnes to be when you watch the Raptors, like, he's clearly the guy. He's very clearly the guy that they want, you know, kind of running things. And I I think the fact that he had such an underwhelming sophomore year, you know, kind of threw us off the scent a little bit. Like, this was maybe not to this level, but, like, this is what people thought Scottie Barnes was going to turn into last year. And then the fact that he didn't, everybody's like, alright. Maybe he's not gonna be that guy. But if you think about how we how we talked about Scottie Barnes coming out of his rookie season, if if he's following that progression, like, I I don't think this should be that shocking. I mean, the 2 blocks per game, that that to me is what's like, alright. That's probably not sustainable. But the rest of it, maybe. I think what you said about Siakam is the biggest reason why. It's it Scottie Barnes doesn't even have to take a step back in terms of the way that he's playing in order for his numbers to drop. You you're talking about a a fringe all star level player who's been terrible. Is that really gonna sustain itself? The fact that this isn't a Nick Nurse coach team anymore, they're under new management, that definitely plays a role. The there's definitely a different approach here. Like, if you wanna if you wanna buy the sustainability of it, you don't wanna sell them, by all means. That's the beauty of of nailing a pick like this is you don't have to do anything. But if you're talking about players that are playing at a level that they probably can't quite sustain, I think Scottie Barnes would be towards the top of my list. Him and him and Cam Thomas, I guess, in a different way. Alright. We we have an update, by the way, Brandon, on the Daniel Gafford or PJ Tucker question. It turns out he meant PJ Washington instead of PJ Tucker, which makes makes a hell of a lot more sense. Wondering why we were rostering PJ Tucker. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, yeah. I I could definitely go Gafford there. I I personally would still lean Gafford. I think there's some more upside there. I want the blocks. You know, it depends what you're targeting. You know, if you need points and you need threes, then sure. Then maybe you want Washington. But if you're just trying to look at it objectively, I would I would go Gafford over PJ Washington. Definitely PJ Washington over PJ Tucker for what it's worth. Got a couple questions from Justin on Killian Hayes. Thoughts on him rest of season. Is he worth rostering rest of season? I'm not a Kilian Hayes guy. I've been been pretty out on him all along. I don't really think he's proven to be a very good player, but I you see the last couple of games, you know, it really is last 3. He's he's playing a ton of minutes, 15 points, 7 assists. You know, the the 3 point shooting is gonna come and go. It's been hot lately, but historically, you know, he's not been a very good shooter, although, you know, we'll we'll see if he's made some progress there. He's been sub 30% every year of his career, and through 8 games, you know, he's hovering around 35. I for whatever reason, Detroit seems to like him more than Jaden Ivy, and we should note that Jaden Ivy's missed the last two games. That's part of the reason that Hayes is is playing so many minutes. Yeah. Alec Burtz has been out. Joe Harris has been out. If you wanna hold him, sure. I I still don't really have an overly positive outlook. Like, I'd be I'd be shocked if he's a top 100 player at the end of the year. Yeah. They're dealing with a lot of injuries over there, so it's kinda hard to get a gauge of exactly what the true rotation is gonna be in Detroit. But you talk about that 3 point percentage, bit of a mirage. In 2 of the last 3 games, he shot over 50% from 3 point range. That's that's it's, kinda hard for, to keep up for most, definitely for somebody who's shot in the twenties throughout the course of their career. So I I think it's a little bit of fool's gold right now. Is Evita Zubac a drop? For me, no. Partially because we I want to see a little bit more about what's going on with this this basic Plumlee injury, MCL sprain. We haven't had a timeline yet, but big man dealing with a knee injury. I mean, this could very easily be a multi week thing. And, you know, I know Zubac and and Plumlee have kind of split minutes since Plumlee came in midway through last year. But we saw Zubac, you know, immediately play 30 minutes the other night against the Knicks, had 3 blocks. You know, again, you gotta be realistic. Like, he is so far clearly, you know, the the number 5 option for this team and, like, you know, we're using the term option pretty liberally. I mean, it's basically just, you know, second chance points, dunks, things like that. So he's never gonna be a he's never gonna be a high score. You know, the rebound numbers have been down a little bit so far this year. I think those probably come back up with Mason Plumlee out. And, you know, he's giving you more blocks already than he was last year. So no. Not not a drop for me. I mean, again, he's he's a lower end player, but, you know, you in almost every format that you play in, whether it's points or roto, like, you need you know, most leagues are 2 center. Like, you want guys who are center eligible, and, you know, a guy like Zubac is somebody I love roster. Like, he's never gonna kill you. Yeah. I was honestly a little confused by the question because you're talking about a guy that is one of the better rebounders in the NBA, and bigs are hard to come by in fantasy basketball. So, I can I can I I always think about it like this whenever I get a question like that in in any fantasy sphere is, what would I do as a manager in that league if I saw that player on the waiver wire? I would immediately go pick up Zubatz, which which which answers your question. You should not Yep. Make him available to others. Brandon, do we think Keegan Murray digs himself out of this hole? Has not been shooting the ball well in the early going for the Kings, 35% from the field, 26% from 3. You know, for a guy who, what, like, 70% of his attempts come from 3, and the the field goal percentage is going to be tied directly to how he's shooting the 3. He's still taking over 8 per game. He's still playing a ton of minutes. Like, they're they're allowing him to play through his early season struggles. You know, I I think like a lot of these players that are kind of fringy, top 100 guys, you have to be realistic. Like, you know, he's giving you 6 rebounds a game. That's nice. I think that's sustainable if If he continues to play big minutes, you know, if he could be a 1.2 steals per game guy, that's huge. I would say, yes. He he digs himself out of this. I mean, I think Keegan Murray already last season was a 41% 3 point shooter. To me, this is just a a slump to begin the year, and and he'll end up being just fine. So I wouldn't be trying to get off of him. Yep. This is a rock solid player. He's got a good approach. He's not somebody that's, you know, he he's locked in. It there's some guys that you worry about when they're not performing well. Is it because they don't care? Mhmm. Keegan Murray is not that guy. So you you can bet that he's gonna try and and and figure out how to, as the person writes here, dig himself out of that hole. Good defender. He's a solid 3 point shooter. Like Nick said, they're giving him the opportunities to to get back on track. So I I would, I would remain patient with Keegan. Interesting question from Arthur, Brandon. 12 team head to head league. Would you drop Jeremy Soehan for Jordan Hawkins? That's tempting. That is. That is tempting. I don't think I would, though. I think I'd still rather have Sohan. Yeah. I I don't I don't really love Sohan at all. I'm just I'm a little skittish on the Hawkins thing. You know, again, if if you need threes, go get Jordan Hawkins. If you don't need threes, I don't think he's gonna give you really anything else. And then, you know, you worry about when McCollum comes back and especially especially when Stray Murphy comes back. Because I I think they want Murphy to be 25, 30 minutes a game. And, you know, I I don't think they they wanna siphon too many minutes away from Herb Jones. You know, Jose Alvarado, I think, is gonna have something to say when he's healthy in this rotation as well. So I you know, short term, maybe. But I I also I I mean, Solon has been just terrible so far. Right? Like, I I guess he's he's giving you a slight bump in assist because he's playing point guard, but, like, the minutes are basically exactly where they were last year. It's not like he's playing 35 a game. The rebounds are down. You know, he's been woefully inefficient. If you're playing in a category league, he's killing you in field goal percentage. He's killing you in free throw percentage even though he doesn't take that many. So I I'm not against dropping Sohan. I would I would just be a little bit cautious and and, you know, temper your expectations for Hawkins. I also and and and maybe this is for, you know, you're setting your lineup for the day and trying to figure that out. Keep an eye out on how he looks tonight. The Spurs are dealing with a bunch of injuries in their backcourt. This could be a Soehan game. So that's one of the reasons that I had pause with it. Is it, specifically today, I'm not trying to drop Jeremy Sohan. I actually think you could have a nice fantasy outing. Yep. Spurs are at the New York Knicks tonight as part of that 14 game slate. All right. We'll hit a couple more, Brandon, and then we'll be on our way. Is McCall Bridges worth holding? Yes. Yes, he is. Wouldn't really be looking to sell him right now. I mean, if there's somebody who's really high on bridges and thinks he could be, know, that top 20, top 15 guy that that some people were talking about him as, and you can get, you know, somebody who's a little more proven than than sure, but I I wouldn't be really looking to get off of him. I I think he's been just fine so far. Demarri says he regrets drafting Anthony as his 8th overall pick over Shai Gilgeous Alexander. I will assume this is Anthony Edwards, Brandon, and not Cole Anthony. Or Yeah. Or Anthony Davis? Or Anthony Davis. Yeah. Because they went with Shai, not Alexander. Yeah. So I I wanna go with I think they're going first names here. Well, either either way, I I mean, Davis or or Edwards versus Shea is is interesting. You know, AD going into Monday night was the number one player in fantasy. So, you know, it was it was working out. But then, of course, we had the, I think, the first ever groin spasm in NBA history. I'd never heard of that injury before. It's like only Anthony Davis could have a groin spasm mid game. But that's what you signed up for, man. That's what you signed up for with Anthony Davis. It's horrible. It it really is. Every year, it it just it is what it is. And if you played fantasy basketball before, you know this. But I think the bigger thing is, you know, do you if you're somebody who passed on SGA, you know, later in the 1st round, do you regret it? Probably. Right? I mean, he looks like he's just gonna be be doing what he did last year. And, you know, the Thunder have more talent than they did a season ago. Like, everybody seems to be playing pretty well to begin the year. And, you know, SGA, like, the scoring is down. That's the thing. You know, I don't think he's going to be, like, 32 points a game. But he's I mean, 2.3 steals, almost 7 assists, 7 rebounds. Percentages are great. 90% at the line, on on 5 and a half attempts per game. I, you know, I I don't think if you took Anthony Edwards specifically that you're going to it's not gonna kill your season, but, yeah, you probably wish you had SGA. If it is Anthony Davis, I understand it. You you're sitting at that spot in the draft where you could take a guy that you never have to worry about, and Shae Gilgeous Alexander is that guy. And so I I understand that. Anthony Edwards, yeah, he he he's he's like you said, he's not gonna tank your team by any means, but I also don't think he gives you the you know, he's gonna give you the full array of categories like like Shea does. Good question from Jerome. What do you do with Ben Matherin? Really rough start for Matherin so far. I haven't really heard much about him, which is not a good thing. You know, moved into the starting lineup, but only playing 22 minutes a game. I I do wonder, you know, is is he a Rick Carlisle type of player? Like, this could be something where it just doesn't really doesn't really gel, with a veteran head coach. And I really like Bathoryn a lot. I'd roughed him on some teams last year and it worked out. But, you know, I also think and this was the case as a rookie too, to be much better real life player than Fantasy. Like, he's he's just kind of a microwave score. You know, he should give you more threes that he's given you so far. You know, the shooting has been a huge issue, but he's still getting to the line at a decent rate. You know, you'd like to see the defensive numbers improve, specifically the steals. Like, he is a great on on ball defender. He was an elite defender at Arizona, and that hasn't really translated to defensive production so far. So, yeah, I I wouldn't I wouldn't be in, like, a full on panic on Matherin, but it's not it's not looking good. The minutes are really concerning. He's hit 13 in his last 4 games. So it's almost hard to fathom for somebody that, that wants to get up as many shots as he does. But, yeah, you're right. He's a good defender. He'll still give you some he'll give you a steal per game at the very least, but I I think there's reason to be concerned out of the gate. We've seen enough bad games now to wonder if this is a trend that's gonna continue. Would you drop Wendell Carter Junior for Mitchell Robinson? Carter, of course, injured right now. I think I probably would. I think I'd rather go Robinson. I I don't know that anybody out there is rushing to pick up Wendell Carter junior right now. He's gonna miss the next 3 weeks, and that's at a minimum. So, well, you never know how that's gonna get stretched out, but, yeah, I would I'd rather have Mitchell Robinson right now. Yeah. 12.4 rebounds per game so far for Robinson. Yep. 1.7 steals. That's fantastic. Probably some aggression coming there, but it should see some progression on the blocked shots. I mean, he's barely blocking a shot per game and he's shooting 46% for the field. I mean, he's a career How is that even possible? He's like a career 75% shooter. Yeah. That is that is preposterous. I don't I have not watched the Knicks closely enough to know how he's somehow shooting 46%, but that that number will come up as well. And and despite that, you know, he's still a top 100 guy. So I I think even even if Carter wasn't hurt, I I think I might just rather have Mitchell Robinson straight up right now. Alright. We'll do 2 more. Hunter for Fultz. Presumably, this is Deandre Hunter for Markelle Fultz. Once again, we have a magic question, Brandon, so I'll default to you. Fultz is tough right now because he's not playing. I think I'd I think I'd rather have Markelle Fultz. He's gonna make his way back into the lineup. He's good for he's good for assists. He'll get you a steal per game. He doesn't take bad shots because he kinda knows his limitations for the most part. So I I think now is a good time if you wanna add Fultz to your bench, but you're gonna have to be patient with it. Yep. I'd rather have Fultz too. You know, Hunter, it's like I every year I grab Deandre Hunter, and he's, like, in my lineup for 3 weeks at some point when I have victories. And it's just it's so up and down. It's disappointing. You know, I have he'll have the boom games. He'll have games where he gives you, like, 6 points and 2 rebounds. He's just Deandre Hunter has been the exact same guy for the last 5 years, and that's fine. Like, he is just a solid rotation player in the NBA. He's not a great fantasy player. It's just, you know, it's kind of points lower in threes. Every now and then some steals will be there. You know, percentages are okay, but, just not there's not just I just don't feel like there's really any upside there. Whereas with Fultz, like, I'm still kind of curious what he could be. All right. Adithya asks, this is a big one, Brandon. Wow. Who are his drops? He's got to activate Derrick White, De'Aaron Fox, Booker and Claxton. Claxton, you know, could be several more weeks on that. But man, looking at this list, I mean, it's I would probably be looking to drop Tim Hardaway and Wagner. You know, I'll I guess we'll read it off for for the audio only group here. He's got Finney Smith, Tim Hardaway, Jordan Hawkins, Moe Wagner, Tyce Jones, Gafford, Camp Thomas, Drew Holiday, Zach Collins. And this is somehow a a 15 category league. What are the 15 categories? I mean, I guess you could always find another category in basketball, but that's, yeah, that's interesting. 15 categories. So we're are we dropping how many are we dropping here? 1? 2? I think I think we're trying to drop at least 3. Okay. You can drop Jordan Hawkins. I think it's fool's gold. I would drop Zach Collins, and I don't really wanna drop Mo Wagner. He's the better of the 2 bigs that are playing for the Magic right now. Eventually, you're gonna wanna drop him, but I guess Gafford. Yeah. I don't know. I I I dropped Wagner. I I don't I I mean, it's not like Wendell Carter's missed it 4 buns. Right? Yeah. Like, I I think whatever I mean, ultimately, Wagner's the backup center for the next few weeks, and I I don't think there's a ton of upside there. Alright. Here, well, he's given us the category. So it's normal 9 cat plus double doubles, field goals made, free throws made, 3 pointers made, triple doubles, I guess. And what is FF? Is that flagrant fouls? Well, that's a good one. I don't know. Maybe you should drop Moe Wagner then. Yeah. Let's see. And, strictly follows up on our our discussion of Deandre Hunter by asking, is he the East Coast Harrison Barnes? That's perfect. I think he might be. I think Harrison Barnes is better. But, yeah, I think that's actually a pretty good cop at this point in his career. Alright. Last one, Brandon. We'll end on this because I need to talk Dennis Schroder. Does Dennis Schroder keep this up? That's a guy that if you if you took a chance on late in the draft, you are profiting right now. And I can attest to that in in one league, although it's not the, you know, not one of the big money leagues for me. I I think to some degree, he can. There's no one else in that backcourt. You know, I've always been somebody who's had some, like, Malachi Flynn curiosity. I I loved him at San Diego State. I I thought he would be a bigger piece for them by this point in his career. But, you know, he's playing, like, 12 minutes a game off the bench. You know, unless we see, like, a complete shakeup and they would, like, send Schroder out somewhere, which is possible, I I think he's gonna keep it up just because there's, like, there's nobody, like, coming back. Like, there's nobody that we're waiting for to come back from injury and steal minutes. Like, he's unless they they, you know, dramatically change this roster, I I think he's a 30 plus minute per game guy. I think that's exactly it. He's been pretty consistent over the course of 7, 10 games. How many have they played? But, yeah. I I haven't seen anything that seems like it's a huge outlier. I think this is just his role in their offense. So that's the kind of stuff that I look for. When I say fool's gold or Mirage, are you doing something that that rests outside of the norm for what you're producing? Schroeder's giving you pretty much the same production every single night across the board, so I don't see any reason why that would go away. Alright. We'll wrap it up here, guys. We appreciate all of the commentary in the chat. We did have confirmation, Brandon, that FF is indeed flagrant fouls. That is You nailed it. 1st Fantasy League I've ever seen that counts flagrant fouls. Is that a positive or a negative? Did you get did you get points if if somebody commits a flagrant? I don't think so. I'm pretty sure that works against you. Alright. Well, we'll have to we'll have to maybe try to implement that in in one of the roto staff leagues next season. But, again, we appreciate all the commentary, everybody following along on Twitter, on on YouTube. Please like, subscribe to our videos. We'll we'll throw the timestamps in there as well. If you wanna go back and and watch any of those. We will have doctor Ray and Rick Kamla coming at you tomorrow, in the morning. That'll be 10 AM CST. Shannon, Alex, Ken Kreitz will be doing the waiver wire episode on Friday. Brandon, good chatting hoops with you as always, man. Enjoy the rest of your week. Thank you. You do the same, and congratulations on the marriage.