Welcome to a Monday edition of the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. I am Nick Whalen. Glad to be joined by Alex Barutha. Alex, we, we, we have not done this pod together the last 2 weeks. We had James Anderson standing in as we did our win total over under predictions for the east and the west. You could find those archived on YouTube, archived on this very podcast feed. But this will be the pairing every Monday going forward, save for, you know, any days off that we have. And this will kind of be a a weekend recap, although, you you know, this early in the season, you know, we we got 6 nights worth of games now under our belt, Alex. I I wanna kinda just parse through a bunch of players, a bunch of teams, and, you know, kind of basically play a game of, like, alright. Is this real? Is is it just a short term trend? Is Damian Lillard gonna be a minus 38, every single game he plays for the Milwaukee bucks? I don't know. But we will, we'll basically trade players that we wanna talk about, and, and try to give as much fantasy advice and as much, knowledge as we can about set players. And let's begin with the Milwaukee bucks. We've only seen them in action twice. They they played on Thursday against Philly and then had a pretty disastrous game last night against the Atlanta Hawks, Alex, in which they they fell behind early. They did not shoot the 3 well at all, you know, tacked on some threes and garbage time, but I think at one point they were 3 of 21 from beyond the arc. We did see a much better performance from Giannis, on Sunday compared to opening night, but a a nightmare showing from Damian Lillard, you know, one of the worst first half of his entire career. He finishes with just 6 points on 2 of 12 shooting, 2 of 8 from 3. Did not get to the free throw line after living there, against Philly on opening night. Your takeaways from Bucks Hawks? Yeah. It's, I'm a little concerned about the Bucks, I will say. I mean, it's it's still early, but, you know, it didn't look basically, the the chemistry between Giannis and Dame has not looked amazing so far. And I you know, overall, I just felt like I was expecting more open looks for both of them. You know? I thought they'd play off of each other, a lot better, and Jangas would be getting all these rim runs, easy lobs. Lillard would be hitting these basically wide open threes off of tough screens. It just hasn't happened. The Bucks are still struggling for offense in the half court like they were basically over the past half decade with. Yeah. It was a little more encouraging on opening night, but, you know, it was it was kind of a give and take. Right? Because I I thought in the opener, Giannis really did not play well at all. I mean, that was like a that was like a c minus game from him. You know, wasn't finishing well, had 7 turnovers, just didn't really look like himself and Lillard was there to pick up the slack, but it it kind of feels like a 2 man team right now. And we should note, you know, no Chris Middleton last night. That's a big deal, but we saw a very limited version of Chris Middleton in the opener. And I I think that might be the case for the next few weeks here as he ramps up. And, you know, they they need guys like like to to show up night in and night out. And, you know, Jake Crowder, obviously, he's more of a defensive guy at this point, but if he's gonna play 25 to 28 minutes, most nights are gonna need him to hit open threes. He did not do that last night. So it does feel like a little more reliance on on on some of these unproven players, early in the season for Milwaukee. I don't I don't think this Hawks game is anything to panic about. I think we've seen one pretty good showing from Milwaukee, one pretty bad showing. And we should note, you know, Atlanta shot 51% for the field. They hit 15 threes. You know, guys like Gail, Jalen Johnson, who has moved into the starting lineup, Deandre Hunter, they played well. The, the, the Hawks role players vastly outplayed the the Milwaukee role players because it's not like, you know, Trae Young and Dejounte Murray had fantastic games in their own right. I mean, they only combined for 35. Yeah. I mean, the the Hawks definitely were hot shooting. That was part of the equation. I thought I thought the Bucks, you know, they came out flat energy wise. Again, the offense was chugging. Atlanta hit, like, a lot of not even really contested mid rangers. They just they just hit a lot of, you know, shots that are, you know, like, they're gonna miss more of those going forward. So it was a combination of and Larry's a little hot. Milwaukee's kinda sluggish. But, yeah, it's just, not a great start for Milwaukee. I mean, I've only I only saw the second half of their first game against Philly where it, like, literally bailed them out, and then I watched the first three quarters of this game before it went to garbage time and, hasn't looked great so far. Yeah. Little bit shaky. But, again, I I think once Chris Middleton's back up to speed, you know, things will move in Milwaukee's direction. You You know, one thing fantasy wise that I do wanna note is we've seen, we've seen a little bit of a reduced workload for Bobby Portis again, only 2 games, and there was a lot of garbage time Sunday night, but he's played 40 total minutes through the first two games, you know, is averaging closer to 26, 28 minutes per game over the previous 2 seasons. That's somebody that I'd like to see out there, a little bit more just because I think they need what he brings on offense. I think they do. I mean, Pirtle was one of the guys that wrote an article about, like, overrated, draft picks in the first 10 rounds of of Fantasy this year, and I think Portis was my 10th round overrated guy. I just thought there wouldn't be as much room for him to operate in the offense, and that's, that's kind of borne out so far. I just think he's he's pretty much a drop, whatever fantasy league you're playing in, unless it's like a 16 team league. There's just too many options off the waiver wire this early to Yeah. Take advantage of an upside guy. Saw the Lakers in action last night. They've already played 3 games, lost in overtime at Sacramento. That this was as Lakers as it gets. You know, once again, role players struggling. Austin Reeves is off to a disaster start to the season. He was one of 12 from the field last night. D'Angelo Russell, for some reason, played 41 minutes. I mean, he's been a huge negative, I think, for this Lakers team thus far. You know, 1 of 5 from 3. He and Reese were 1 of 13 combined from downtown. Big news on the Sacramento side. Garrett Fox, you know, rolled his ankle, was able to come back into the game, you know, push through it in overtime. But it sounds like he's gonna miss some time. They didn't really give us any sort of firm timetable, I would guess, you know, somewhere in the range of 2 to 5 games minimum. So, you know, get him out of your lineup in weekly leagues this week. And then, you know, on the on the Lakers side of things, I I think we sniffed this one out, Alex, on opening night. There was no way that LeBron James was gonna was going to, you know, stand pat and just, you know, be okay with playing 28, 29 minutes a game. Here we are 3 games into the year, and he's already playing 39 minutes. Yeah. I hope, people did not, sell low on LeBron James after hearing that news. Yeah. They just they just need him out there. I mean, in theory, they shouldn't have to because Mhmm. That that was the whole point of having Anthony David. So it's the whole point of rebuilding your roster with Hachimura in there, taking a flyer on Christian Wood, having Austin Reeves, in theory, be able to score 15 to 20 points a game. It just has not bore out that way, and they continue to need 30 to 40 minutes from LeBron, pretty much every night. Yeah. I think that's that's the way it's gonna go. If they want to prioritize winning regular season games, which in a competitive west, they're gonna have to do that. I I don't see LeBron. You know, it's not gonna be 39 minutes every night, but it's not gonna be 29 either. I think he'll be right at his his normal workload. I mean, we we go through this every year. Right? I mean, it's it feels like once he turned 30, every team that he's been on, whether it's been the Cavs or the Lakers have said, well, we gotta pull back on his minutes. You know, we we we can't be overextending LeBron. And then they find out pretty clearly that without LeBron, you know, it's it's a total disaster, and and they need him out there. So I I think for better, for worse, this continues, and, you know, we'll see what that means wear and tear wise for LeBron. He had 27, 15, and 8. Did have 8 turnovers last night. However, we we did have a question, early on in the chat, Alex. Franz Wagner or Keegan Murray? If you're assuming just kinda taking one for the rest of the season. Keegan Murray, 17 points, 8 boards, 5 assists, 2 steals a block, and 3 3 pointers last night. But Franz Wagner also off to a good start. I would lean Franz Wagner Yep. In pretty much every format, I would say. I mean, more so in a points format. But Wagner, you can make an you can make an argument that he's their co number one option with, Paulo Banchero. And Keegan Murray at best is the 3rd option in in Sacramento's offense. And, like, yes, he's a great 3 point shooter. He's gonna get some steals and some rebounds and stuff, but, Wagner is Wagner is the man. Yeah. Two games so far for Orlando. They actually catch the Lakers on the 2nd night of a back to back tonight, like that spot. If you're looking for, you know, kind of a money line underdog to go with, I think this is a good schedule spot for Orlando, but Wagner's been great. And, you know, obviously, the 3 pointers are what you think of with Keegan Murray, but, you know, Wagner, 6 of 16 from beyond the arc. So the attempts are are there through those first two games. Let let's talk about Jocca Perdo. I think we we kinda inadvertently mentioned him, and this will be a good seg to to discuss the Toronto Raptors as a whole. They they lose on Saturday, 114107 to the Philadelphia 70 Sixers. It's been a good start fantasy wise for Scottie Barnes. He was doing a lot of things in that offense. You know, if you if you took a late flyer on Dennis Schroeder, that's been good so far. He had 15 to 10 on Saturday. Gary Trent just doing Gary Trent things, taking a ton of shots, not being super efficient. But but both Jaka Pirtle and Pascal Siakam off the sluggish starts. Yes. I mean, Pirtle, you know, first game against Minnesota, that's a tough matchup for him against Gobert. Plays 24 minutes, but still goes for 7 and 11 assists, stealing a block. Game 2 against Chicago, he fouls out in 19 minutes. You gotta keep that in mind. That plays 25 minutes against Philadelphia. That's a tough matchup, obviously. Still solid 673 with a block. I think, you know, what this tells us is Pirtle probably is like a 25 to 28 minute guy within Toronto's offense. If you were drafting him to do more than, like, hook up 10 and 10 with 2 assists and a block, you probably were drafting him too high. I don't think he's a drop, but it depends how shallow your league is and who's available. And, unfortunately, like, that's that's gonna be the case or the the sort of, like, answer a lot of the time. But if you're in, like, a 12 teamer, I would certainly hang on to him. Yeah. It's been disappointing relative to what he did after the break. You know, he came over midseason and, you know, finished out with 13 points, almost 10 boards, over 2 assists, one steal, one block per game. Like, he's never been this crazy high blocks producer by any means. So 2 blocks through 3 games. I'm not really panicking about that. You know, you'd like to see a little bit more involvement in the offense, but I I think it's it's still pretty early to even say what this raptors offense is gonna look like. I I think they they want to kinda test things out running through Scottie Barnes and, you know, it might not lead to a lot of wins, but it's it's led to good numbers for him so far. I I was a little alarmed with Siakam only taking 8 shots. You know, he got off to a disaster start on opening night. Like, I'm I'm just getting crushed at field goal percentage, in some of my leagues right now, like him, Lavela Ball, Markkanen, you know, all those guys really struggled in the opener. Siakam was 5 of 17, looked better, against Chicago, but, regressed a little bit against the Philadelphia 70 sixers. Got some questions about Andrew Wiggins and Scoot Henderson in the chat, Alex. I, I, I took some flyers on Wiggins late. I, I actually thought he was a decent value, you know, given how much time he missed last season. A lot of people kind of forgot about him and, and how important he is to this warriors team. Not somebody who's really ever had injury issues in the past. I mean, he's been a, you know, 75, sometimes 80 plus game player earlier in his career. So I thought it was a by low opportunity. But it, you know, he's he's been relatively quiet so far and that's with, you know, Draymond Green missing a couple of games. You know, Wiggins averaging 112 and 1 so far. It has given you a couple blocks, but, Yeah. It it's he's one of those guys that I I think maybe at this point in his career more effective in real life than in fantasy. Yeah. He's definitely a better real life player than than a fantasy player. I mean, this is, like you mentioned, a bit of a concerning start with the extremely low usage, 3 assists in 3 games, only averaging what is this? 11, 12 field goal attempts a game with the low minutes. I have I have concerns. I wouldn't blame you if you drop Wiggins, especially if you're in a 10 teamer because his upside is like, I don't know what, the 80th best player Yeah. In his, in his his his best situation. So, worth considering dropping like, if Jaylen Johnson was available, I would just rather have Jaylen Johnson than Andrew Wiggins. Yeah. Scoot's a little tougher just because, like, you're kinda drafting him knowing that he might struggle out of the gate. The the issue is, like, is Portland gonna be really bad, which they are really bad, and Sharp. You know, I guess it's really discouraging that Anthony Simons is out for a month, maybe even 2 months, and it's not Scoot Henderson picking up more usage. It's Shaden Sharp. And I guess, like, higher or it makes sense in terms of, like, Sharp is there. Sharp is established. Scoot's not a great yeah. Scoot's like Scoot's not a great shooter. He's gonna have some trouble. So Yeah. I don't think he's a drop, but it's you gotta monitor it for sure. I the thing with Scoot is, you know, the upside is there. And I think there's going to be, you know, that fear of of kind of droppers remorse if you do tap him. But, I mean, you certainly I I wouldn't be starting him at this point if you if you're holding him, don't put him out there unless you're in a really deep league. I mean, it's been it's been ugly, man. There there have been very few positives. I know we got it going a little bit in the second half against the Clippers, but, you know, these last two games, especially without Simons. Like, I was really excited to see what he could do against Philly last night and take 7 shots in 26 minutes. And he's been picking up a ton of fouls, which you don't normally see, from a rookie guard. I mean, that's that's a young big man issue, not something that you'd really think about with him. So that's limited his minutes a little bit over the last couple of games. But, I mean, the shooting has been disastrous. He's he's one of 12 from 3. He's been super inefficient. I mean, it it's tough to swallow that in in roto leagues, and he's not he's not giving you assists. You know, he's giving you a 2, 3 game. He's not really rebounding. The defensive stats haven't been there. So, you know, we're we're less than a week into the season. I I there's not like a a must drop for me right now, but I would I I'd be relatively comfortable dropping him. And I, you know, I I just kinda wanna let wanna have somebody else deal with that, that field goal percentage issue, especially. I I do think later in the year, you know, he's gonna have the spots, but I I don't know if there's gonna be a lot of weeks. Like, if there's a 4 game week for the blazers, I there's not gonna be a lot of weeks where Scoot Henderson has, like, 3 or 4 really good games. I I think there's gonna be a lot of peaks and then probably more valleys. Yeah. He's got more turnovers and assists right now. So Yeah. That's that's obviously a problem if you're a 9 cat. And, I think, you know, maybe, like you mentioned, in a 4 game week, maybe he's startable, especially if you're in a points league. You never know. But at this point, yeah, definitely don't start him. If you're in a shallow league, I'm cool dropping him because you were kinda just hoping for, like, top 80 upside anyway. And, if he's not, he's just not playing well enough right now. Got a question in the chat about George, Alex, rookie out of Baylor, 1st round pick for the Utah jazz. This is another rotation to me that I don't know that we've gotten a great gauge for it yet. You know, they they got blown out, started slow on opening night against Sacramento. They ended up beating the Clippers in a competitive game, in game 2, and then get blown out by Phoenix last night. Tough loss with with no Bradley deal and no Devin Booker out there for the Suns. But Keonte George looked good. You know, 12 points, 7 rebounds, 6 assists, 1 steal. Did have 2 turnovers, but took 12 shots at 27 minutes off the bench. My question is, like, how how consistent are those minutes going to be for Keonte, George? Or, you know, are we looking at a situation where in games where the jazz are not being blown out, you know, he could be more of a, like, 15 to 20 minute guy at best? Yeah. I think going forward, you shouldn't assume more than, like, the 20 minutes of game he's getting right now. But they their back courts, they gotta figure stuff out back there because, you know, they're starting Taylor and Horton Tucker. Horton Tucker puts up numbers, but he's not really a point guard. Jordan Clarkson's a veteran. Colin Sexton's kind of been all over the place. He's also not really a point guard. Chris Dunn is more of a defender. So the log jam is really going to just cap Keontae George's upside. But if you're talking, like, someone to stash, you know, longer term in your fantasy, like, who's someone I could add right now that maybe in a month or 2, if I have the bench spot available, could could pop off? And I think George is on that list because the offense does seem to run rip. Like, he is a true point guard, more so than anybody else on that team, at least with upside. Maybe Chris Dunn, but but Dunn's offensive upside is relatively low. So, yeah, he's a stash if you can afford it. I mean, I think in most leagues, you can at this point. Right? It's like, you know, if you're in a a 12 or a 14 team league and, you know, you got 4 or 5 bench spots, like, I I think there's a pretty good chance you could keep Keonte George in one of those. Like, I I you know, sometimes I I like to kinda split my my bench between, like, a couple reliable guys who you could throw out there in a pinch and then some upside plays. Like, I'm I'm pretty comfortable putting Kiappe George on that list. I think the worst the jazz play, the better it is for him. Right? Like, I I think if they if they're, like, 1 in 7 a couple weeks from now, I I think, you know, maybe that means we see less THD. We see more Kiappe George. But, again, they they've played some, you know, 2 blowouts so far, so we don't really have a a great handle on this rotation. I could tell you what player that I'm I'm starting to panic a little bit about, Alex, is Walker Kessler. The minutes have not really been there. And, again, the blowouts are are, know, have stuff to say about that, but 21, 22, 23 minutes for Kessler over these first three games. Did have 8 rebounds, an opening night out of block. That's all well and good, but, you know, 2 blocks for Walker Kessler, 66 minutes into the year, just, you know, 17 total rebounds. You know, for somebody who is being pushed up draft board, somebody had to pay a premium for, it's been pretty disappointing. This is a potential league loser category right now that we're talking I don't think I have any Walker Kessler. Not saying I, like, blame anybody for taking Walker Kessler in, like, the 4th or 5th round. If you're taking him earlier than that, that's that's pretty tough. Yeah. They're just I mean, and I was even worried about John Collins after preseason, but Ned Collins is now seeing more minutes than Kessler. They're still playing Kelly Olynyk, you know, about 20 minutes a game because of what he can do offensively, spacing the floor, dribble handoffs. It's just you can't drop him. Like, you just can't, but it's I'm worried for sure. Everyone you should be worried. And a question in the chat about Terrence Mann. Latest update on him did not practice today. That being Monday, not trending toward playing tomorrow against Orlando. At this point, they play it back to back Tuesday, Wednesday. I would guess that he misses both halves of that. You know, could be back in the mix next week, but it's a it's a 2 game week for the Clippers. So, you know, obviously don't put him out in any weekly lineup leagues. I've never been a huge Terrence fan guy, Alex. I've been pretty clear about that. I feel like the Clippers value him significantly higher than any other team in the league. And he's 27 years old at this point. You know, he's not a, he's not a 21 year old who, you know, hasn't really had a chance to prove it. He's played, you know, 25 minutes a game over the last couple of years. And every now and then, he'll he'll have a boom game, but I I've just never been that intrigued. And, you know, I I I think the minutes aren't really gonna be there for him unless one of Paul George and Kawhi Leonard are out. So to me, he's more of like a a spot start in daily lineup leagues, but not somebody I foresee myself being comfortable throwing out there in a weekly lineup league unless, you know, we're looking at a long term absence for Kawhi or PG. The minutes aren't even really the concern for me. It's like the usage. I mean, you know, because you even saw 2 years ago, he averaged 29 minutes a game and ranked a 181st in 8 cat because he can't get the ball because everybody else on like, Paul George and Kawhi Leonard and now Russell Westbrook are there. And, so even if he gets 30 minutes a game, I just don't even I don't think you're really ever going to start him because he again, we're talking about a guy who somehow has been put on, like, a pedestal when he is averaging, like, 8, 3, and 2 when he sees 25 minutes a game. So I would prioritize almost anybody else on your waiver wire with upside compared to Terrence Mann, and you can just stream the spot. You know, fill guys in who are on 4 game weeks in stardom if you have to. You're just gonna get better value than that. Yeah. Yeah. And I I know we mentioned PG and and Kawhi, but, you know, they're still handing Nick Betoo minutes. They're still, you know, trying to work Robert Covington into the mix. Norman Powell, you know, even even, you know, KJ Martin, I think will be in the mix at those forward spots too. So man's gonna play when he's healthy, but I I just don't see this being an advantageous fantasy spot whatsoever. Let's let's talk about the Washington Wizards a little bit, Alex. They are, they are 1 on 1 thus far. Gotta win over the grizzlies on Saturday after allowing 143 to the Pacers in the opener. It it's been clunky. It's been very wizardsy as we expected. But but nonetheless, you know, good team win. Everybody in double figures got 22 off the bench for Corey Kistper to get in that Memphis game on Saturday. Kistper hit 5 threes. You know, Tyce Jones has looked good so far. I think he's performed about as he'd expect. Jordan Poole, 8 of 23 for 27 points. That that sounds about right, in terms of what we thought he would be doing. Kyle Kuzma, 1 of 10 from 3 on Saturday, still gave you 21 and 13. You know, what guy who's been a little bit disappointing, I I would say, and we're talking 2 games, is Daniel Gafford and, you know, looked better, certainly in game 2 than he did, on opening night. And we should note on opening night, you know, he went out with a leg injury. I I believe came back, but only played 21 minutes. You know, he's got 4 blocks through 2 games. That's really what you're targeting ultimately with Daniel Gafford, but I'll I'll let you speak on him. I I know he was one of your big targets this year. I don't really I don't know why people are panicking, to be honest. I mean, the first game was a blowout, like you mentioned, to Indiana. They got destroyed, so he played 21 minutes. Also had 5 fouls, but still only played 21 minutes. 6, 5, and 2, that's pretty good for a guy playing 21 minutes. And then against Memphis, placed 28 minutes, 10, 11, and 2. So to me, I wasn't really expecting him to do more than 10, 11, and 2. Our projections for him were, were actually, like, 128 and 1.8. So, you know, I don't I don't think there's really any reason to panic about this at all. Okay. There we have it. And I will remind you, we are 2 games into the season, so things will change. We we've already seen some some boom games and and plenty of down games, I think, from notable players. And I'm I'm not worried about Gafford at all. I think you're right. I think he's been, about as expected so far and and more than anything you're chasing the blocks. Right? I think the rebounds will be there. But if if he could be a, you know, 22.0 block per game guy, you know, pushing 2.5 at some point, if the minutes are there, I think you're, you're gonna hit your ROI on that. No problem. You know, one guy that I was, I was somewhat reluctantly buying in on this season, Alex, and I, I feel like I ended up with him in like 3 leagues when I had no intention of landing him was Rudy Gobert. He's looked good so far. I mean, it's, you know, 2 big double doubles, 15 and 13 on opening night, 14 and 14 against the Miami heat. Had 4 blocks in the opener against Toronto. Did not have a single block against Miami. But my my entire case for Rudy Gobert was last season was the baseline. If he could just improve even 10% from that you know, we're not we're not talking peak Rudy Gobert where he's the top 30 fantasy guy. But if he could just be slightly better than last season, you know, where he was going in drafts, it felt like people had kinda closed the door on Gobert a little bit too early. Like, he's he's only 31. As far as big men go, he has about as perfect of a track record as it gets, as far as staying healthy. There just aren't that many 7 foot 3 guys that that give you 70 games year in and year out. We know what the, you know, the downside is going to be in terms of the free throws, but he's also taking, you know, vastly fewer free throws now than he was during his peak Utah years. Yeah. I think I think you're right to to buy low on on Gobert, and I think a lot of other people were doing the same, you know, because he was he was going, I don't know, around 7 sometimes. And it's like, who else on the board, you know, has this kind of upside that's available at round 7? That's what we thought at the time. Now, if you drafted Jalen Duran there, it turns out you're probably winning your fantasy league right now. But, yeah, I mean, I I think, you know, I'm I'm not gonna continue expecting, like, 14 and 14 games out of Gobert every single night. But at the same time, like, that's you you can't be shocked by that because that's who he's been for the vast majority of his career. I still don't like the fit, or anything like that. He's aging. Yes. He has he has bricks for hands. I get I get all that. But, at his draft slot, yeah, you have to feel pretty good about what he's doing right now. A couple of sponsors we we want to tell you about before we head out, underdog. If if you're listening to this pod, you probably played on Underdog, and that is why it's the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contest. If you have not tried Underdog yet, new users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $500 and a free 6 month subscription to our site, RotoWire. You just gotta use the promo code RW NBA. That code is RW NBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code RW NBA to claim your free subscription and deposit bonus. We also have a message from vivid seats. The NBA season is here, and on behalf of our friends at vivid seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and heart pounding play from your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you could score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus with a 100% buyer guarantee, you could be sure your ticket is as legit as your love for the game. Visit vivid seats.com or download the app today and use promo code rotor wire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That code is rotor wire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vividseats. Experience it live. And finally, rival fantasy, LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale, Cole Anthony versus D'Anthony Melton. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans the storylines that raise the stakes every time they meet on the courts or come up in conversation. Now every player match up and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This season, you could play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. You could play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/roadawire and get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now before the 23, 24 season really ramps up. It's time to step up to the challenge. You could do that on rival fantasy. We will see you in the arena. All right, Alex. That was a lot of reading. I need to take a deep breath. I Had a question in the chat about Naz Reed. He's looked good so far through 2 games, you know, coming off the bench, of course, but 25 and 8 with 2 steals hit 4, 3 pointers in that win over Miami on Saturday. I I love having Naz Reed. Like he's like my safety valve, big man. You know, he's center eligible in in most leagues. I you know, not starting him most weeks, but not somebody I'm looking to drop by any means. Like, there's there are not a lot of situations where you have 2, you know, established big men in Gobert and Towns, especially one in Gobert who can only play the 5. And then you have this other big man coming off the bench who still sees, you know, 25 to 28 minutes, a lot of nights. Like, I I think Minnesota's content to play big. I I don't think they have a lot of guard depth, and, you know, they're they're gonna try to, you know, kind of be that team that that bullies guys with with someone like Reed coming in off the bench. You know, they could play him with Gobert or with Karl Anthony Towns. So I'm I'm absolutely holding Nazareed. I think you have to. I mean, I he he's one of the best per mega fantasy players in the in the NBA, points leagues, category leagues, whatever you wanna use. He's a high usage guy. And, you know, I was drafting him this year at the end of the draft hoping that he would see, like, 22 minutes a game. And so if he can continue to see 24 to 28 minutes a game, he's gonna be you have to have him on your bench. He maybe even startable on 3 game weeks, definitely 4 game weeks. So hold hold Nazry. No no concerns whatsoever there. How are we handling the Houston Rockets, Alex? They are they're off to an o and 3 start. Look, we we knew this would be messy. We we knew this would be a a really difficult rotation to predict night tonight. Ime Udoka already looks just completely annoyed with this roster. You know, Fred Van Vliet had a couple decent games to begin the year. He was very bad, against Golden State yesterday, 8 points on 2 of 13 shooting. You just you have to live with those games every now and then for Fred VanVleet. But I I I can't help but think he's kinda being dragged down, you know, going from Toronto to to playing with this the supporting cast of Houston that, of course, has a ton of talent and, I think could be a really nice young years from now, but still going through some growing pains. And, you know, it it's looking to be like it's not something that, you know, Ime Udoka, who I I think is a pretty significant upgrade from Steven Silas. It's just not something that's gonna be solved overnight. Now we did see Jabari Smith play well against Golden State. 14, 8, 5 assists, 2 steals. I know he's had his struggles on defense. Udoka, you know, kinda called him out, in his postgame presser, but, you know, he's somebody who I was mildly panicking about through the first two games, but good to see him get it at least somewhat turned around last night. Yeah. I think, you know, I think this Houston team is going to be as tough to predict as we expected. Now the rotation, I think, is tighter than some people were expecting because well, partially because you somehow Jeff Green playing 19 minutes a game for this team, but Aubin Thompson seeing 18 minutes. You know, but, like, you're basically giving almost no Cam Whitmore. Tyre Eason's been out, but whose minutes does he take when he comes back? But, yeah, I think I think on Houston, there's gonna be a lot of nights where it's like different guys. You know? Because everybody on this team, everybody in the starting lineup has the opportunity to, like, take 20 shots on any given night and just get hot. So I wouldn't be panicking about anybody or, like, over the moon about anybody, that I drafted from this team, that's at least in the starting lineup. And your your safest back at this point is probably just Shangoon. Yeah. I wanted to bring him up. I mean, 19 and 9 with almost 7 assists per game so far. That that's been something that was a bit of a surprise. We we you know, the assist have increased his 1st 2 years, but this is a pretty big jump and, you know, small sample. We'll see where that ultimately settles. Does only have one block through 3 games, so that's something to keep an eye on. And the free throw shooting has, has not been great. You know, he's not taken a ton about 4 and a half per game thus far, but he's down close to to 57%. He was in the low seventies each of the last 2 years. So I I think that's something that will rise. Would not panic about that quite yet. We we we got a question about Markelle Fultz in the chat. He's somebody I wanted to bring up as well. We we I know we had a question over the weekend as well in one of our other videos asking, you know, Markelle Fultz or Kobe White, rest of season. You are our our resident Markelle Fultz guy here at Rotowire, Alex. So I'll defer to you on this one. You know, I don't think I will say I it it's a little concerning. He's play only 25 minutes a game in his first two games, but the first game was a blowout over Houston. 2nd game was a little bit closer against Portland. Still had, you know, 6 assists in in 25 minutes. I I would put my concern at, like, very mild, but I think, you know, because they're still kinda experimenting with, like, Jalen Suggs and Cole Anthony has played really well. I don't think Fultz is a drop, but if he's gonna only like, if if if it's 2 weeks from now and he's still only playing 25 minutes a game, then, yeah, it's gonna be a more difficult conversation, a more difficult decision to have. He might still be able to get you 5 assists and a steal and a half in 25 minutes. It's possible. So if you're if you're in a cat head to head category league and you're you're targeting assists and steals, that's probably fine. But in other situations, you can probably find somebody, you know, just stream somebody in if he if he continues to see such low minutes. Yeah. Let's transition to talking about the Oklahoma City Thunder who just you know, they they fell victim to the Denver Nuggets last night. There's there's no other way to put it. I mean, that was a a 33 point beat down Denver led that one from the jump and and really never looked back. You know, Chad Holmgren, 19 points. Take that 4 rebounds, but no steals, no blocks, no assists for him. Just kind of a scoring night for Holmgren. You know, Jalen Williams to to me has been fine. You know, he's kinda picking his spots, but, disaster game from SGA. You know, you're not gonna see that very often. You know, it feels like we saw it. Some of the worst games, maybe the worst games that we'll see all season from Gildas Alexander and Damian Lillard, you know, happening, like, 3 hours apart. He finished with 7 points on 2 of 16. But but we had a question specifically about Josh Giddey. I'm not not panicking on Giddey. You know, it's been a rough start. 4 of 13 last night, didn't get to the free throw line at all. 9 points, 3 assists, 2 rebounds. I, I, I think Oklahoma city to me is it's like a more optimistic version of what's happening in Houston. And at least this core is growing together. Like I, I think part of the reason that Houston is struggling is, you know, you have a coach, you have Fred Van Lee, and you have Dillon Brooks who wanna win now. And you have a a a core of young players who are nowhere near ready for that. Whereas, Oklahoma City's had some success last season. You know, they're all kind of in similar age ranges. I I think everybody's on the same page, but it it might be a while. I I think the the the influx the the inclusion of of Chad Holmgren all of a sudden in this offense, it's it's going to take some time, I think, to sort out, okay, who's who's losing some usage? Because you're you're adding a guy who, you know, ultimately could be a, what, you know, 15 to to 17 point per game guy. Yes. You know, it's interesting because Gidi I wrote an article about, like, when did potentially drop like an underperforming player or, hey. I drafted these sleepers. He's not performing as well as I thought. Do I drop him or not? Giddey was one example I used as someone, who was on a who started the season on a cold stretch last year. Last year through Giddey's first 8 games, he averaged 13 points on 43% shooting. This year, he's averaging 9 points on 34% shooting. So I'm not saying he will, like, a 100% shoot 50% from the field again, but you're right to point out, like, integrating Getty or, excuse me, integrating Holmgren into the rotation is going to take some time. He's gonna take his shots. Jalen Williams needs his touches as well. And this year, you know, he had one, like, bad game against Cleveland in a close game. And then this last game against Denver was just a complete blowout, and he only played 22 minutes. So, like, 3 kind of weird games to start the year. I would I would not be worried. He's still gonna be, like, at worst. I mean, technically, at worst, he might be the team's 4th option, but I I wouldn't really, like, put him below Chet in that hierarchy. Yeah. We talked about the blazers a little bit earlier, but I I wanna back up and and hit Deandre Ayton. Been very up and down so far. And, again, Portland's been a tough team to judge. They've been involved in a couple of blowouts, you know, lost by almost 30 against Philly, on Sunday nights. Yep. Ayton had 2 steals and a block in that one, had 3 steals and a block on opening night. So he's hasn't been all bad. I mean, I think if you look at the the cumulative averages so far, he's, you know, down big in scoring, and that's what we hit on most. But, you know, the rebounding is is right where it should be. You know, the steals and blocks are are pretty in line with what we saw last season, same with field goal percentage. But he he just has not really been a part of this offense. You know, had had 14 points against Orlando on 7 of 9, but he's taken only 11 total shots in the other 2 games. Like, is is there a case to be made here that especially now with Anthony Simons out of the mix that Deandre is really going to suffer from not having anything close to a reliable point guard? Yeah. I think I think the issue of not having a reliable point guard is, that's right to bring up. You know, Chris Paul was, like, spoon feeding spoon feeding Eitan Baskets in Phoenix. It's weird though. I mean, he would, you know, early on in Phoenix, they would they would feed him the ball in the post. They would have him in the in the on the elbow for these jumpers and Portland's not really giving them that space to operate this year, and I I thought they would. And especially especially now that Simons is out because I I figured, like, well, Aiden, you know, he's gonna be behind Simons and maybe behind Jeremy Grant, but, like, they got the assets. So you gotta you gotta, you know, you gotta showcase what you have or see what you have. And, Eitan, it just hasn't been the case that the usage is absurdly low. The only positive that you can take away right now is he's actually been amazing on the rebounds. If you consider his workload, he's averaging, like, 18 rebounds per 36. Now how often is he gonna see 30 minutes a game on this team that's gonna continue to lose games by 20 points every night? I don't know. Yeah. I I just I worry about him kinda getting sucked into what feels like it could end up being kind of a disaster year for Portland. And, you know, somebody who's holding a lot of Jeremy Grant this year, I I I worry about that as well. You know, it's just there could be a lot of nights where they're, you know, they're down 25 in the second half. And, you know, the thing with that is, like, who do you even turn it over to? Right? It's like the young guys are already playing. So I I Right. I don't know. I I just I think Portland with Simons being out, I mean, that is just a huge hit, obviously, for those who have Simons in Fantasy, but, I I think he was somebody that was kinda gonna hold this offense together. And with Scoot looking not ready at all, you know, with with Shane Sharp, we'll see. I mean, he had that awesome 10 game run at the end of last season. I I think he's the most obvious beneficiary. I don't know that Malcolm Brogdon is gonna be able to to fully bail them out. You know, he's he's been fine in in terms of his own statistics. Right? 185 and 5 last night, he's been rock solid, but but not somebody who's, you know, directly benefiting Deandre Ayton at least so far. So, yeah, Ayton, I've again, not panicking yet. We're less than a week into the year, but it it's been it's been discouraging. And I I think until Simons is back there, there might not be a a clear path out. Alright. Let's see. What what else do we wanna hit here? We got a question. Do we do we sell high on Scottie Barnes? Which is an interesting way to look at this. You know, I'm I'm having some Scottie Barnes FOMO so far. I I went pretty heavy on on Pascal Siakam. Just, you know, kinda I I was trying to lock in, you know, known commodities in kind of the the late early rounds, and and Siakam was my guy. Got burned by Scottie Barnes last year, but off to a really, really good start. And I I think if you were if you're asking for for more Scottie Barnes, the playmaker, we've seen that. If you're asking for more out of him on the defensive end, we've absolutely seen that 9 blocks through 3 games for Scottie Barnes, 21, 97, and 3 is his stat line through 3 games. Would you consider selling high, or do you wanna ride this out? I mean, I would sell high if you could get, like, a guaranteed top 30 player out of it. I don't think you would. But if if you could get that for sure, I would do it. Mhmm. Because, you know, some of this with Barnes is the shooting's been hot. Right? He's 57% from the field. He's 36% from 3. I don't think either of those numbers are who he is. Neither are the 3 blocks per game, but I think the rebounds are sustainable. I think the assists are sustainable, and I wouldn't be surprised if he averaged, you know, a little over a steal and and maybe a block close to a block and a half per game. To me, that probably translates into what, like, maybe top 40 value, top 50 value. So if someone's gonna offer you, like, Darius Garland for him, I would seriously consider taking Darius Garland or or someone of the like, like Paul George, maybe. But, I don't know how many people are actually going to do that. So I think I think you're just good riding out with with Scotty Barnes. I I'd ride it for a little bit and at least see how real this is. I mean, of course, there is a chance that, you know, could have a couple bad games and you you might not get those type of offers. You know, I think those are, you know, good good players to mention in in PG and and Darius Garland. But, yeah, I I would I would wanna, you know, beg a couple more weeks of this if I can, because I think I think there's also a chance that Toronto is one of those teams that pivots mid season. Right? And, you know, we could see, like, an even more Scottie Barnes slanted offense if they were to part ways with with someone like Pascal Siakam or or Gary Trent. You know, they're they're a team to me that based on what we've seen so far, I I don't know that they could view themselves as anything better than, you know, kind of a borderline play in team, which is essentially what they were last year. I don't think they got any better. I don't think swapping out Dennis Schroeder for Fred Van Fleet makes you a better team. And I I don't really see that being a buyer, you know, unless something really lines up for them, especially because they're not gonna be willing to part ways with Scottie Barnes. And and other than that, they don't have a ton of ammo. So, yeah, I've I've been I've been missing out a little bit on Scottie Barnes, and we need need to pick it up. I mean, Dennis Schroder, like, we we knew spot wise this was gonna be good for him. Can can he continue this? Like, it I I think he sees himself as, like, the the code number one option in Toronto. You know, I saw a stat on Twitter. Dennis Schroder is top 10 in the NBA in touches per game. Yeah. So I think, like, your initial gut reaction is, like, no. Schroder probably can't continue doing this, but he is, like, a very legitimate part of their offense, playing 30 to 35 minutes every game, leading the team in touches. So I don't see why he can't, you know, sustain this. Like, he's not even shooting that well, at least from the field or from the free throw line. Not that he's gonna get to the free throw line very often, but I don't I don't know if this is like a sell high, if that's kind of like where where the question is leading. I mean, maybe, you know, on the on the off chance that they trade him, you know, to a contender at the deadline, and then he starts seeing, like, 23, 24 minutes a game. That's certainly possible. If you're really, really worried about that, I I don't mind moving on from Schroder, but the way the offense is being run, like, this is, I think, fairly sustainable for him. Yeah. I I think it in until they make that pivot and, you know, that could include doing something with Schroder who's very movable on that deal. I I think it's actually just a, you know, bad team, good fantasy spot for for Dennis Schroder. Get some questions about Klay Thompson in the chat, Alex. I I've really seen nothing of concern so far. You know, he's just kind of it's it's a new version of Klay Thompson. Right? And, you know, I think at this point in his career, he's no longer, you know, quite as as elite as he was on the defensive end. But at the same time, you know, I I think everybody talks about Klay like he's fallen off a cliff over the last couple of years. And, you know, missing as much time as he did with the injury, I I think there's just going to be some natural decline that you just don't get back after an Achilles and an ACL. I mean, that's just there's not a lot of track record of of anybody coming back from that in their their mid thirties. But, you know, you look at last season and Clay went through his ups and downs. We were having these conversations. Still gave you 22, still shot, you know, 88% at the line. The field goal percentage is what suffered. You know, at his peak, he was 46, 47% for the field, which is wild for a guy taking 78 threes per game. But he was up over 41% for 3 last season. He's at 40% so far. Attempts are slightly down. Minutes are right where they need to be, though. I I have no panic whatsoever on Clay. You know, and unless you think that the injuries catch up to him at some point at h 33, which, you know, they could. But I I I think he'll probably be about the guy that he was last year. I think golden state's gonna need him to be that. Yeah. To me, I mean, you're drafting Klay because he's a 3 specialist at this point. I I don't really think there's any other reason to to have drafted him. And, you know, you're concerned about the injuries, but I don't really think you're gonna be able to to, like, you know, sell high on Thompson. I don't know if he if your if your league is really shallow, you know, you could drop him in theory, but I I don't think I would. He's just you kinda just like, if your team build isn't you know, let's say you you're in a head to head category league and you're not targeting threes, I'm okay with maybe moving on from him. I don't know if I would, again, I don't know if I would drop him, maybe try to trade him to somebody else. But, if you're that worried about the injuries, I don't know why you drafted him in the 1st place unless you basically got him for free. I pick, like, 120. So, I think whatever what he's doing right now is just who he is. Getting a lot of Mike Conley chatter, as well, Alex, in in the chat. 2 games under his belt so far. I I think he's looked about as expected. Right? Pretty much in line with what he was doing last season. I guess assists have been slightly down, but tough to really say anything over a 2 game sample. You know, at at this point in his career, I mean, Mike Conley is, what, 36 years old? I I think expectations need to be tempered. With that said, I I I still found myself grabbing him at the end of a lot of drafts. You know, I talked about, you know, wanting to fill out my bench in in competitive leagues with a couple of upside plays and a couple of guys that I I feel good plugging in on a 4 game week. And I I think he still fits that for me. Yeah. He's, he was a low upside flyer at the end of drafts. You know, especially if your point guard position was not really settled. He just needed a guy there. He's a he's just a setup man for for, Minnesota. Right? He just sets everybody else up on the team as a floor general hits his open threes. You know, I don't be surprised if he plays 60 games because he's 36 years old, but I you're good here. Yeah. Don't don't have a lot to say about Mike Conley. Get some Nick Vucevich, some Nick Nicholas Claxton, questions as well. I mean, with Claxton, he got hurt in the opener and, you know, didn't play the other night against Dallas. Not gonna play tonight against Charlotte. The Brooklyn nets also play Wednesday against Miami, and then Friday, Saturday, back to back. So it is a 4 game week, a little bit of a tricky situation, but you can't really start him with confidence right now. Meanwhile, Busovich, I mean, he's he's been as reliable as it gets. Right? I mean, you talk about a guy that's basically just gonna lock into, like, a 30th to 45th finish overall, in in roto. That's been the case for him for basically the last decade, but it it does feel like he's been a little bit marginalized so far. I mean, the bulls set the NBA record for fastest, players only meeting after opening night. And I I think Vucevic's involvement was something that was, you know, coming to a head already in the 1st game of the year. Not a great sign, but, yeah, his usage is way down. You know, he's down at 11 points per game. The rebounds are down as well. If you had to choose between Vooch and Claxton, you know, assuming this is not a long term injury for Claxton, who are you going rest of season? Actually, that's pretty tough. You know, because like you mentioned, Vooch has been more stable. His attempts are down. He's been relatively healthy, but he's older, so he's still kind of an injury risk. I think I would actually lean Claxton, but I don't I don't know if I would, like, actually make a move on that. If I had either guy, it would it would, you know, I feel like if I was in either position, like if this was a trade on the on the board, I feel like whoever which of the whichever guy I had, I would be nervous to accept the trade. Yeah. Well, it partially depends on your build as well. I mean, if if you're Right. Looking for blocks, then you want Claxton. I mean, I I think I would favor Claxton at this point. You know, it it does feel like the cliff could be coming for Vooch at some point, and, you know, the cliff could be coming for this Bulls team at some point. And I I don't know that he would you know, if if there is some sort of blow up scenario, I don't think that would necessarily benefit him. It it just it feels like the Bulls are gonna repeat basically what they did last year, which is going to be a really frustrating season. And I I think at age 33, at some point, you know, Vooch isn't just gonna be locked into to 18 and 11 every year. And, you know, we saw the blocks and the steel start to wane last season as well. So I I think there's more upside certainly with Nicholas Claxton. What about Trae Jones? You know, the the Spurs have been a a really fun team to watch so far, obviously due to Wemenyama. You know, didn't see a ton out of out of Wemenyama on opening night due to foul trouble, but the flashes have obviously been there. You know, Trey Jones stepped into that starting role last season, 13 points, 4 rebounds, 6 and a half assists, 1.3 steals per game. Kind of a junior version, of what Tyus Jones gives you, but they're going with the Soehan, experiment so far this year, and it hasn't benefited Trey Jones. So he played 25 and 33 minutes through the first two games, only 20 minutes, in a blowout loss to the Clippers, in their 3rd game at 5 points, 4 assists, and a steal on that one. I I'm still okay holding Trey Jones, in most leagues. I mean, if if you're in a a shallower league, then, yeah, it's probably time to to part ways. But I I still think even if he's only playing, like, 23 minutes tonight, like, there's a lot of nights where he's gonna get you 4, 5, 6 assists. He's still gonna be a really high steals per minute guy. Yeah. I don't the the Sohan experiment, I don't it hasn't looked great. The offense is really clunky. The spacing is bad. I won't be surprised if Trey Jones becomes the starter again sooner than later. Mhmm. Is he a drop of a 10 team 9 cat? I wasn't draw you know, I wasn't gonna be drafting Trey Jones for him to be more than, like, barely a top 100 player. He's just a low upside guy. Like Nick said, he can get you 6, 7 assists a game, good steals per minute. So if you're a category league and you need those categories, you're good. But if you're looking for just pure upside, would you if you're in a 10 teamer, your bench, you can take a lot of flyers on upside guys. You can be streaming in guys on 4 game weeks. He's not a must hold. It kinda depends on what your what your team build is. Tough question here, Alex, from Giovanni. Jaden Ivy or Kilian Hayes? Who's the better pickup right now? It it's says a lot, I think, about where Jade and I, Jade and Ivy, excuse me, is, that this is a legitimate question. Is, is neither an option? I think that that's kinda how I feel about it right now. Yeah. They're both basically saying that see seeing the same minutes. Like, what you're looking at is Ivy's got more scoring upside. Hayes has more upside as a passer and defender. So if you're talking about specific categories that you need to shore up, consider that. If you're just talking like points, you know, like a points league and you're just you just need that. I I don't know. I you know, like, initially before the season, I would have told you I'd be more worried about Hayes because Monte Morris hasn't played and Monty Morris is gonna come back next month. And well, is he gonna take minutes from Killian? Now I'm worried he's gonna take minutes from Jade and Ivy. So I I would explore other options on my waiver wire if possible. Some I feel like there's some sort of disconnect between Ivy and Monty Williams. You know, just just the move, just ring him off the bench right away felt a little strange. Ivy did, did biff a windmill dunk the other night, which is just like for a guy who's, like, struggling to to try to get back in the starting lineup, that's not a great look. Yeah. I Detroit's a weird roster. Just too many veterans trying to get minutes. Like, I I do think this could this could eventually sort itself out, you know, if they part ways with, you know, Alec Burks, Joe Harris, guys like that, you know, if they sell off the pieces, obviously, we haven't even seen Bojan Volkanovich yet. You know, he could cut into to Jade and Ivy's workload a little bit. But I I I think for the short term, I would lean Killian Hayes, which which sucks. I I hate that I have to say that. I I like Jade and Ivy, a lot more as a long term piece, but I I just don't know that the Pistons value them value them that way right now. Alright. Question here. How do you how do you see Jordan Poole doing in Washington? I would say, Alex, that what he's done so far is a pretty good preview. I I think he'll be a little bit more efficient. You know, I think if he if he shoots, like, 42, 43 percent for the field, that's fantastic. You'll take that every day of the week. He's under 40% right now. I I would my my guess is he comes in closer to 24, 25 points per game. But, you know, he was a 4, 4 and a half assist game guy in Golden State, which is which is good. You don't think of Jordan Poole as as really a passer at all. I the presence of Tyus Jones, I feel like, is taking some of those opportunities away. And, you know, now there's, like, this Poole versus Kuzma who could take more shots every single night. Like, I I still think at a point's league, Jordan Poole is is super valuable. And and the boom nights are gonna be huge. Like, he could have multiple 50 point games this year, and he could hit, like, 8 threes in a game, you know, over the course of a week. Like, there's, he he's gonna have some huge nights, but as we've already seen, you know, I think he's also going to be prone to a lot of, you know, 7 for 18, 8 for 23 type of shooting nights. I mean, this is pretty much exactly what we expected out of Jordan Poole. The man is no conscious. He's here to do one thing on this Washington team, and that shoot The Rock. Averaging 22 shots a game in 31 minutes. Again, shooting horribly. 37% for the field, 22% from 3. If he can get those up to 4032, you know, because the volume is gonna be so rare. He's gonna take so many bad shots that you can't expect him to be as efficient as he was in Golden State. And he I don't think his passing vision is that good. I think he got a lot of system assists with with Golden State. Like you mentioned, Tyus Jones is there. Look. If you're asking me, you know, over or under Joden Poole, 20 field goal attempts per game for the rest of the season, I would probably go over. So it's you know, he should, in theory, be a top 50 player. Will won't surprise me. Yeah. It's gonna be a weird stat profile. I mean, the other thing that's made him a better fantasy player in in roto is the field or the free throw percentage. And, you know, he's off to an okay start there. Way too small of a sample to say anything, but, you know, 87, 93, 88% at the line the last couple of years. You know, if if he's if he's taken 7 or 8 free throws a game instead of 3 or 5, like he has been the last couple of years Right. That becomes really valuable in Roto as well. Because I I think even in kind of a a worst case scenario, he's, you know, he's not gonna be a 78% shooter this year. It's like, you know, 80 2, 84 is probably the baseline, and he has he's already shown the ability. You know, usually, when you're when you have 3 straight years of being, like, 87 plus, that doesn't just stop. I mean, that's, like, elite territory. Guys like that tend to be really consistent. So, you know, that that's another way that that he could benefit you in roto leagues. Let's see what else we got here, Alex. Still got a lot of Scoot Henderson questions. You know, this one is, you know, what do you think about Ahmed Thompson and Scoot Henderson? Should I hold for long term value? And as we said earlier with Scoot, it it just kinda depends on your league size. Like, if if you're in a 10 team league, can you justify holding Scoot right now? Probably not. No. I don't think so. Because, you know, I think people were realistically hoping yeah. I don't think anybody thought scoot was gonna be like a top 60 player averaging 35 fantasy points per game. And if you're in a 10 team league, there's a 1,000,000 guys on the wire, averaging, you know, 25 fancy points per game that you can just stream in. If your team looks amazing, like, if you're doing amazing right now through a week, week and a half, I'm I'm cool with you holding, you know Ahmed and and Scoot just because if you don't really need the help and you think their long term value is going to be good that's fine. I would still strongly consider dropping them. You know Scoot is just they're both going to have minutes issues. Thompson because he's not in the starting lineup and Scoot because they're gonna be in so many blowouts. I feel more confident about Scoot out of those 2 just because of the role. Like, I I again, you're you're totally right about the blowouts, but I also think there's a lot of nights where he's gonna be a 35 minute guy, especially if and when Portland kind of accepts its fate as just one of the worst teams in the league. At that point, they just say, alright. Well, we're now 25. We're just gonna keep playing you to get the experience. You know, at some point, I I I do think they're gonna flip Malcolm Brogdon as well. I don't think he's gonna wanna be a part of this for a whole lot longer, and I think that opens up more for Scoot Henderson. So if I had to choose between those 2, I would rather hold Scoot. And with the men, it's like he, I, I, I think for a player like him to be fantasy viable as a rookie, like the minutes absolutely have to be there. Like, you can't, you can't rely on him, you know, being even on your roster, let alone starting if he's playing 18 minutes a game. And with Houston, I don't know if that's gonna get solved. Like, I'm, I'm pretty confident that, you know, scoot basically can't be any worse than he's been so far. I feel like there's nowhere to go but up, both in his his production and his role. Whereas with Houston, like, they're convincing themselves that they wanna win. And if Ahmed Thompson is not contributing to that, where does that leave him? Right? Like, at some point, they're gonna wanna get a look at Whitmore. You mentioned Tara Eason hasn't played yet. Like, he's gonna have a role in that rotation. That could take away from a man Thompson. So, you know, I I I do think at some point this season, you know, they're gonna they're gonna turn things over, to more of their youth, but that might not be until, you know, way later in the year. And I I think we could be looking at it a couple months here where Thompson is just kind of a bit player trying to figure out his role. Yeah. I'm with you a 100%. You wanna you know, it sounds pretty basic, but minutes are a huge it's just a huge determining factor in fantasy basketball for value. Like, if a guy's seen 30 minutes a game consistently, there's a good chance he's worth rostering. And, Yeah. So, I mean, Scoot Scoot from a role perspective is is the guy there. Is Josh Hart, Alex, a good pickup for week 2. It is a 3 game week for the New York Knicks. So not not ideal, but not a disaster. They play Tuesday at Cleveland, Wednesday, rematch against Cleveland at MSG. And then they're at Milwaukee on Friday. They don't get a 4 game week until week 4 of the season for what it's worth. You know, Josh Hart is somebody I I find myself rostering. It feels like every year, his minutes are down a little bit. I I think the addition of Dante Divincenzo, has has cut into that a bit. He's been kinda sitting right at 22 minutes per game. Whereas you you look at the end of last season, and he was, you know, routinely in the mid thirties. You know, he's averaging closer to 31, 32. So we do have to take that into account. Kinda depends what you're looking for. Like, if you're if if you're looking for kind of like a shoot for the moon type of streamer for a week, I would avoid Josh Hart. But if you're looking for somebody who's probably gonna play better than he has so far, I think the minutes eventually tick up. And as we know, I mean, for a guy who's guard eligible on a lot of sites, about as good of a rebounder as it gets. So, you know, someone to kind of a unique stat profile. Right? Like, if you're if you're targeting rebounds, if you're behind in a head to head league this year or this week, in that category, then I would lean Josh Hart. But for me, it it I can't just blindly say yes or no. It's it's situational. Situational, I would lean no just because of the minutes. Hart needs, like, I don't know, 28. Hart needs almost 30 minutes a game to be a roster bowl fantasy player in, like, 12 team leagues. And if he's only seen 22 minutes a game, you know, and not controlling The Rock really in any way, it's just I I wouldn't I wouldn't pick him up. I feel like there's probably somebody else, like, a 4 game week that you can stream in that's that's just worth it. Is it worth it to pick up Kelly Oubre and drop Lou Dort asked, the cousins 9855. We're going through this again with Kelly Oubre. I feel like he did this at the beginning of last year, right. To an even more extreme degree. You know, you look at 1st 30 games last season with Charlotte, 21 points per game, 5 rebounds, 2 and a half threes. You know, eventually the the luck kind of wore off there. You know, he has not shot the ball well, the last two games he's over his last 10 for 3, was fantastic. Obviously, he gets Milwaukee, in the opener, 5 of 6 from beyond the arc. I'm I'm totally fine taking the plunge yet again with Kelly Oubre and just kinda riding this as long as you can. I I would I would take Oubre here. Philly's wing rotation is pretty thin in terms of, like, they have PJ Tucker there back or the starting, and then, like, their backups are like Daniel House and Danny Green. Paul Reig isn't getting as many minutes as people thought. Oubre loves to chuck, so you're gonna get the you're gonna get the shots out of him. Dort is just not an offensive guy, and it's his role has continued to decline as OKC has gotten better pieces around him. You You know, and case on Wallace looks good for them too. So it's like he could start stealing minutes. I would I would, yeah, I would just rather have Uber. Is use of Nurkic worth a pickup one weekend? Ask Cody Cantrell. I would say yes. I mean, the the big concern with Nurkic has never really been to production. I mean, it it's like in weekly leagues, it felt it feels like if it's a 4 game week, you're getting, like, 2 good games and 2 horrific games, and you just have to live with that. So inconsistency is always gonna be an issue, but a lot of the reason that I did not draft him was not it wasn't because of the move to Phoenix. It was because he's played 52, 56, 37, and 8 games over the last 4 years. But if you're picking him up off the waiver wire and you're kind of taking this week to week, I I would absolutely grab them. I I don't think you're gonna find a a lot of big men with more upside. And, you know, it's been a little bit shaky early on, you know, as far as what his role's been. You know, he only took 5 shots in that loss of the Lakers the other night, rebounded nicely at a nice, you know, kind of well rounded line. He gets Utah on Saturday. You're gonna have to live with some downs. You're gonna have to live with some very shaky free throw shooting at times. But, again, if you're in a pretty competitive league and he's out there, I would absolutely grab him. I'm I'm shocked he's available. If if this is any, deeper than a 18 league, I'm actually I'm actually shocked. But, yeah, I mean, he's he's he but but for his career, he's averaging, like, you know, over one fantasy point per minute. He's averaging 4 assists per game right now, and that's with, you know, Booker and Beal missing most of the time. Right? He's gonna get more assists, when those guys are in because of the shot makers. He touches the ball. He's a hand off screen guy. I mean, yeah, he's extremely clear pickup for me. Got some questions about Jeremy Sohan throughout the show. You know, is he a drop? What what are your thoughts on him so far? You know, it's an experimental situation. Like, we have not seen a whole lot of this, like a team willing to take the plunge and, you know, pull a guy who is viewed as, I guess, more of like a true power forward and just say, alright, you're a point guard now. It has not directly led to a ton of assists. You know, he's got 12 total assists through 3 games. You know, the steals numbers have been fine. He's over steal per game. The rebounds have been okay. You know, took a 0 scoring, only took 2 shots against the Clippers and that blowout loss, yesterday. I I I kinda stayed away from Sohan, and, obviously, we didn't get the news until close to opening night that he was gonna start at point guard. So I I get the intrigue, but I I I feel like him playing point guard takes away a a little bit some of the, you know, defensive potential that we thought he might have. He's probably gonna be pretty bad as a free throw shooter, you know, hovered around 70% last season. The field goal percentage wasn't great either. I think keeping him away from the basket doesn't necessarily help with that. I I am very interested to see how this plays out, but from a fantasy perspective, I'm I'm kinda sitting on the sidelines. I don't have any so on this year. You know, I don't you shouldn't panic after a 0 point performance against the Clippers. It's a really bad matchup for him. Clippers are very good defense. Because in the first two games of the season, he had, you know, 60 combined fantasy points. Now do I think the experiment's going to work? No. As I said earlier in the show, I won't be surprised if Trey Jones steps back into the lineup sooner than later, but this is still a really young team committed to its young players. So it would surprise me if so on wasn't seeing 25 to 30 minutes a game. If he's not touching the ball as much, yeah, it's gonna be sketchier, but, like, don't drop him right now. Alright. Let's talk a little PJ Washington. We'll hit a few more of these, and then we'll be on our way out. Got a lot of questions about him. He was somebody I instantly regretted not targeting a little bit more aggressively after opening nights, 255. It was only 1 of 6 from 3. That was the thing. I mean, all of his misses, essentially were 3 pointers and that was kind of begin the case against Detroit the other night. He's off to a really bad start shooting the ball, 2 of 11 from beyond the arc, but playing a ton of minutes, you know, playing next to mark Williams upfront. You know, PJ Washington to me is, is always somebody that I like grabbing if I can late in a draft. Like, it feels like he's always been undervalued, you know, the last couple years, like earlier in his career, it was always like, is he going to be a full time starter? Is he not? You know, in roto leagues, the fact that he takes so many threes, it hurts his field goal percentage. His free throw percentage has never been that great, but he also doesn't take that many. So it's not a huge killer. But if the general question is, like, you know, should I pick up PJ Washington? I would say yes. Like you said, unless you're in an 8 or a 10 team league, it becomes a little dicier. But in any standard size league, like, I absolutely want him on my bench, if not even in my final starting spot. He's a really boring player, but, you know, LaMelo gets open shots for everybody. Why you know, PJ can hit threes even though he hasn't hit 3 so far into the year. Yeah. If you're wondering whether or not you should hold him, absolutely hold him. You know, he's someone that, can average, you know, 25 fantasy points relatively easily has has some more blocks upside than he's shown. And, yeah, Bridges, it seems like he's going to come back. But, you know, that might be a situation where he takes minutes away from, like, JT Thor who's been playing. I don't know. Like, maybe Brandon Miller's minutes. I Don't pick up JT Thor. I don't know about Brandon Miller's minutes. I'm I'm not I would hold Washington. Alright. I'll do a couple more here. How would you rank the following, Alex? Do you Anthony Melton, Kerry Rozier, or I assume Cole Anthony? Not not Joel Anthony. Not Joel. Rozier. I mean, Rozier is playing 30 minutes a game and and is a consistent 20 point score is to me. Is that clear? Yeah. I would go Rozier and then I'm not the biggest Cole Anthony guy, but I and I I love Melton. I just I worry about the Harden situation. It it totally depends what you think is happening with Harden. If he comes back and is playing at least half the season for the sixers, that obviously directly impacts Anthony Melton. If you think James Harden's getting traded or he's gonna be away from the team, then I would put Melton at number 2. But I'm with you. Rozier is definitely number 1 of that group, by far the most proven player, and he he's kinda been, you know, bad team proof. Right? Like, he's he's one of those guys. You're kinda like a like a souped up Jordan Clarkson where it's like, even if the team's bad, he's still gonna get his 21 points, 4 rebounds, 5 assists, most nights. Alright. We got a question about Isaiah or Isaiah. Emmanuel quickly, I decided to drop IQ to stream that spot. Did Kool Aid Trippin mess up here, Alex? I don't think you messed up, you know, Quickley. I was kinda surprised at how many minutes he's seen so far. So I it's tough because I think Quickley is really good. Like, I think Quickley should be a starter in the NBA, but the minutes of that backcourt are just really tough to come by, or or I should say they're sort of, up for grabs. Right? Like, so far this season, Grimes 25 minutes a game, Quickley 24 minutes a game, Hart 22 minutes a game, Divincenzo 18 minutes a game. If Brunson gets hurt, you're gonna feel like an idiot, but it it relies entirely on Brunson getting hurt. And you can't purely roster guys on the hope that the guy in front of them gets hurt. Certain guys, yes. But if you, I think you're fine streaming the quickly spot. Someone might pick him up. Yeah. And you might feel like, oh, should I really drop him? But I think I think you'll be fine in the long run. Yeah. Also a 3 game week for New York. Like we mentioned with Josh Hart, they got a couple of those coming up. So I I think he dropped him at a a relatively good time. All right. We'll end on this one, Alex. And then then we gotta, do some business as well. Onyeka kungwu, it feels like we're going down this road again. Is he a good pickup, or should I wait? Ask Donovan. I love Onyeko Kombu. I've been on this island since he came into the league. I think he is awesome. I think he, you know, we're here in Milwaukee. We watch a lot of bucks games. I always feel like he guards Giannis about as well as anybody. He's super versatile. He's athletic. He's kind of does everything. And yet the hawks insist on playing him exactly 20 minutes a game for, like, 3 straight years. And that's been the case so far this season. I mean, he played a a few more minutes because it was a blowout last night against Milwaukee. I I love the potential. I love the per minute value. I I I wanna hold him if I have a spot, but I I I think we're gonna have to wait for a Capella injury, unfortunately, for him to be truly unleashed. Yeah. The part of the problem is if you wait, what are you waiting until? If you're waiting until he has a gets more minutes or has a massive game or Capella gets traded, well, then everybody's gonna go for a kangaroo. And then you're gonna have to compete over him depending on how your waiver period works. So do you you just have to trust your own, like, opinion. If you if you believe Capella will get traded, then you should probably just pick up a kung fu now and hold him if you can, because if he sees 30 minutes a game, he's gonna be excellent. But if you don't really believe that, and really it's any buggies guess. Like, I don't know. I I don't know. You know? Because Atlanta's still trying to be competitive. They're still trying to win 45, 50 games this year. It's a it's a very tough decision. I don't I don't unfortunately, I wish I had a real answer for you, but small sample size. I think that's the that's the answer for a lot of these questions. And, you know, we'll we'll continue to do this, every week. You know, we'll we'll keep opening up the chat for everybody. We love all the interaction here. Even if you disagree with some of our opinions, that's totally fine. We welcome that. And, you know, as the year goes along and we build more sample and we we have more games under our belt, we'll be able to answer a lot of these questions hopefully more definitively, but we we appreciate everybody hopping in the chat. This was a lot of fun, and, we should be able to repeat this just about every Monday going forward. A lot of fun breaking down these questions with you. Always love talking ball. We will be doing it on rotor wires, flagship show on SiriusXM NBA. You can catch us on there each weeknight, 7 PM EST. We'll be on there tonight, breaking down a huge Monday night slate. We'll be on there Tuesday and Wednesday as well. Next time we talk on this pod, Alex, unless something goes horribly wrong, I will be a merry band. So looking forward to to hanging with you this weekend at the wedding, and, we'll get back at it next Monday. Awesome. Sounds good.