Welcome into a Wednesday morning live edition of the Road to Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Nick Whalen back with Brandon Kravitz. Brandon, we got a lot to get to today. As usual, at some point, this will devolve into a live listener q and a. You know, that's kinda become the the meat potatoes of the pod, if you will, Brandon. And we we enjoy all the the live questions. We'll get to those, you know, over the second half of the podcast. So feel free to, you know, throw those in the chat. We'll we'll hit those. We'll include all the time stamps, you know, on YouTube and in the description so you could skip around and, you know, kinda get advice on whatever players or teams you need. But, Brandon, we had a huge in season tournament night on Tuesday. I I wanna get kind of an overall check-in now as we have reached the end of group play. You know, we have the the real thing coming at us next week, the semifinals, the finals in Vegas. There a lot is still up in the air as far as, like, what the rest of the schedule is going to look like from a, like, from a fantasy basketball perspective. It's super confusing to go over to, like, the NBA.com or ESPN.comschedulepage, and it's just like blocks and blocks of TBD. But, you know, overall, given what you thought the tournament would be when it was announced back in, what, July or August versus what it's been now at the end of November, has it been a success? Has it been a failure? Has it been somewhere in the middle? Like, where do you come in? I think it's been a huge success. Well, we didn't expect anything too much from it. It really was gonna come down to are the fans into it and entertained. Check on that. Are the games good? That was right out of the gate. They were good. And then this shouldn't be the most important part because you shouldn't have to convince millionaires that play basketball for a living to care about the games they play. But do the players care? Do they care about the tournament itself? And I think a lot of them, especially the the higher end stars acted like you know, I don't even know what this is. I'm confused by it. Whatever. But as the tournament has gone along, as group play went along, we saw those guys. Now all of a sudden, they ratchet up their intensity. I thought last night was such a win for the NBA where you had the Celtics running up the score on the bulls, and Joe Mazul has to go over to Billy Donovan and explain what he's doing. That's, I mean, that's something we wanna look back. There might be a 30 for 30 about this one day, and that clip is going to be in it. This is so in that way, it was a win. Did the Celtics go too far on that? Because, you know, Billy Donovan, he kinda clarified after. I I think he understood. You know, it's not like he didn't know that it comes down to point differential. So I think he he got what the Celtics were doing, but he said, you know, look. It was a step too far. You're up 30. You're you're specifically embarrassing Andre Drummond. He's like, it's one thing if you wanna leave your starters in and try to score as much as you can, get some stops. But to go to Hackett Drummond in that situation, he felt like was a bridge too far. I mean, do you agree with that, or is it do whatever you gotta do to get that differential? If you're going after a differential, you gotta do what you gotta do. I agree. I completely agree. To points pile up in the NBA, you can never if that's what you're going after, then then that's what you have to do. I I do think that as we get through one season of this, and I will disclaimer this. This is coming from a bitter magic supporter who was screwed by differential. I don't think that games, or advancing in this tournament should be decided by point differential. We have to come up with a different way for exactly that reason. I don't think that the games should devolve into I'm trying to beat you by 30. I I think that that is it's not so much that the that the a team like the Magic who've been playing phenomenal get left out of advancing in this tournament. It's more of the issue of what we saw last night in that game where where teams are gunning for a certain number. That's fun in an all star game. In the regular season, I think it bastardizes the sport a little bit. Bastardizes. Wow. Good work. Yeah. Do you think you know, do we get, like, a college football playoff situation here where, you know, 5 years from now or even 2 or 3 years from now, this has expanded, you know, because of what you just said that, you know, the the tiebreakers and whatnot are a little convoluted, and it doesn't quite seem fair. But when you're dealing with such a small sample size, right, a 4 game sample, inevitably, you're gonna have ties all over the place. And I I think that's maybe something that the NBA would want to address to have a cleaner way to decide other than point differential. I don't know what that solution would be off the top of my head, but, you know, obviously, expanding the field would would get more teams into this. Like, 2, 3 years from now, do you think we have 12 finalists instead of 6? I think I I'm gonna hold out on definitively answering that question until we see how this next round goes. I don't think that we can look at restructuring the overall format of it until we get an idea of what it looks like when it's completely played out. If you take it too far, does it then eat into too much of the regular season? We're not even sure conclusively that this is a positive. I don't think we need more of it yet. Yeah. I think let's just settle in on what we have in front of us. But one thing, if you wanted to stick with point differential because throughout all of this, they've been trying to follow this international soccer model of group play where point differential does come into play when you're talking about group staging before you advance the knockout rounds. If you wanna do that in the NBA, okay. But at least just limit it to point differential against common opponents. So, I mean, I'm I'm only gonna use this example because it's the one that I followed the most close or most closely, but would be the the Celtics, nets, and Magic matchups against each other should be the only thing that determines who advances to the next round. What the Celtics do against the Bulls should be complete irrelevant to the situation. What the Bulls do against the Raptors should be irrelevant. So how much did the Magic beat the Celtics by? How much did the Celtics beat the Nets by? I think that you if you're gonna use point differential, it should be within a common opponent tie breaker situation, not against everybody because yeah. Okay. So you beat the bulls by 30. What what is that Right. What does that mean? Yeah. I saw, you know, I saw some complaining specifically from some wolves fans on Twitter last night. You know, they're they're obviously the best team in the western conference right now. They did not qualify for the in season tournament, and their argument was like, look, we got we got cold state. We got OKC. We got Sacramento in our group. Like, yeah, you got the Spurs. You could beat up on them. But, you know, the Lakers, for example, just lost by almost 40 to the sixers the other night. They they went 4 and o in their group partially because they got Utah, Portland, and Memphis. You know? So COVID is kind of the luck of the draw. So if your blowout if your blowout happens to come in in season tournament play, then you're screwed. That that and I just don't I don't I don't like the way that it's set up in that regard. But I I do think I don't want point differential to be involved in it at all. I I I don't really think that that's the best determining factor for who advances advances in this thing, but whatever. It's what we have right now. And until we come up with something better or maybe play a 5th game where Yep. You know, it's not I don't know if that would make a huge difference either at the end of the day. You could still end up with ties. But Right. Yeah. I think you need a a fairly, you know, dramatic jump and sample to avoid that. Last thing I'll say in the NCAA tournament, you know, they they did kind of the March madness style. If you were watching the TNT broadcast specifically last night of Bucks heat, you know, where you had all the, like, the score graphics on the top, which was actually pretty confusing because they had, like, 5 different scores. It was all over the place. I think what they need is, you know, a a live updating kind of like a table of standings as opposed to the game scores because you also you basically need to have a second screen up referencing, like, okay. What is each team's record here? What what's on the line? Like, there should be a little graphic, you know, kind of with that, like, updates live, especially last night when it was basically all about point differential. You know, like, I I think that would be more useful than just displaying the raw scores. Like, I I think you need kind of a a little table for each group. And, you know, obviously, it could if you're watching a game because there are a bunch of games that started at, like, you know, 7 PM my time last night. There were, like, 5 or 6 games going on at once. I mean, you could have a live updating table and teams are kind of moving up and down within their group based on what happened. So, you know, I think overall, you're you're right. This has been a success. Like, I I thought players would care way less about it. And, you know, Jimmy Butler sat out last night, probably could have played that maybe says something about how some players feel about it. But in general, I I think there are a few pretty minor tweaks the league could make to to just clarify, you know, some of the the logistical things, regarding the season tournament, and that would go a long way toward kinda roping in the casual fans. I completely agree. I I look at this through 2 different lenses. 1, as a Magic fan and somebody who works with the team. From that lens, I thought it was really easy to follow. So from if you're just following 1 team in 1 group, it's not that complicated. But, the second lens I look at it through is as an NBA fan. I love the league, and that was hard to follow. It was hard to keep track of everything that was going on. And so to your point, if they're gonna do this and they're gonna roll this out to their fans, they've gotta do a better job explaining. It's not like this, like, I hate saying that because I feel like sometimes it comes across like, oh, I'm just so confused by how this all works. Yeah. It's not that confusing. It's that it's there's so much to keep track of with it, and it's new. They should be beating us over the head with how this works, how teams advance, and what matters. I think they could have done a better job. Yeah. And more, informational videos, I guess, voiced by Richard Jefferson. That might be the solution. Alright. Before we talk LaMelo Ball, we got a message from underdog fantasy. It's the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contest. If you have not tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire. That is invaluable. All you gotta do is use the promo code r w m b a. That's r w as in r w, recorders, r w m b a. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use that code r w m b a to claim your free Rotawire subscription and deposit bonus. I played a lot on underdog this past weekend, mostly NFL contests, Brandon, and they do a good job. There's a lot of lot of DFS sites out there, but I think presentation wise, app wise, underdog is is one of my favorites. Let's talk some LaMelo. I mean, this is just brutal news for my NFB KC team, which, you know, I I don't I don't like to gloat early in the season, but I was I was in good shape here, Brandon. I I this is the best team I think I've had in this contest, and I've been doing it for 5 or 6 years now. And I knew what I was signing up for when I started Anthony Davis and La Bella Ball with my first two picks. I didn't know that. Mentioning that. Like, you knew how this was gonna end. The way the board broke down, I kinda had no choice. Like, I I I either had to play it. I would've kinda taken some, like, safe choices that I felt like didn't have enough upside. Like, that league, I'm trying to win it or, like, take last. I don't really care. You know? It's not one. It's not like the road to wire snake league where you just gotta be in the top half of the standings. Like, I I wanna win this thing. So I figured, you know, why not? Throw caution to the wind, pair LaMelo with Davis. If anything, I thought AD would be the guy that we'd be dealing with an injury, you know, less than 20 games in, but LaMelo, will miss, quote, extended time. No structural damage technically to his right ankle and foot, which is, I guess, a good thing, but they're calling it a severe ankle sprain. We don't really have a firm timetable. I mean, I'm bracing for I I think I what could be a month plus. Right? Especially considering he he injured that same area of his body multiple times last season. Yeah. I was actually at that game, where he went down in a heap. He was down for a while. You aren't sure just based on the way that he fell, if it was leg or if he had hit his head on the court. And then when you saw him getting helped off to the locker room, he couldn't put any weight whatsoever on his ankle. And that was the issue that he dealt with last year. So this is now becoming a serial event with LaMelo Ball, and, I think is problematic for his future. These Ball children just simply cannot catch a break. Lonzo has been dealing with injuries all the way throughout his career. It seems like LaMelo I don't know if it's, you know, hereditary, if it's coincidence, or the way that they were brought up. I'm not gonna speculate on that because their father is crazy. It was the shoes for Lonzo. That's why my personal theory. But, you know, LaMelo's I believe LaMelo's been a Puma guy the last couple years. Right? Well, this is not a good advertisement for Puma then. I didn't even know Puma was still making basketball shoes, so this is news to me. But this is, yeah, not not good. This is I mean, maybe I don't know how long he's gonna be out, but, hard to have any confidence that he's not just gonna go back out on the, on the injury report again in the future. Yeah. I mean, last 9 games for LaMelo. He got off of that terrible start shooting the ball, but then, I mean, he was one of the best players in all of fantasy for the last few weeks. 32 points, 7 rebounds, almost 9 assists, 1 and a half steals, 49, 44, 88 shooting splits over the last couple of weeks before that injury. So obviously devastating for me, devastating for anybody, rostering LaMelo. Yeah. I would I would like to say we got a a representative sample last night of, like, alright. What does this rotation look like post LaMelo? And maybe we did. I mean, the the the Hornets got completely blown off the floor by the New York Knicks, which might be happening quite a bit. So maybe this is what the rotation will actually look like. You know, I thought, you know, Gordon Hayward, I I threw him out there in one of my lineups thinking, alright. No LaMelo. You know, maybe some more playmaking for him, some more opportunities. He did have 6 assists. He played 28 minutes, but just took just 7 shots. That was pretty disappointing last night, although it's a good Knicks defense. You know, Miles Bridges even struggled. He's been fantastic lately. I I do think, you know, if if one player benefits above all, it's probably Terry Rozier who did not have a good shooting night last night, but, you know, I think his usage will go up and, you know, Brandon Miller has actually looked pretty decent as well. I mean, he he led them with 18 points in 36 minutes last night. Yeah. I think the most direct bump up would be Terry Rozier because he'll take over as a starting point guard. So like you said, all of the usage, he'll end up piling up numbers in that way, and he's a decent defender. But Brandon Miller, I I think Brandon Miller looks the part. He looks more and more comfortable every time I watch him, and I think overall, he's gonna end up as the biggest beneficiary, especially if this injury is really long term. We're talking about a couple of months. You know, in the in in the immediate, it's Terry Rozier. But over the course of the season, if LaMelo Ball misses extended truly extended time Mhmm. Brandon Miller could end up becoming the star of this team. And Yeah. You know, if he does pop off in that way, I don't I'm not saying he's gonna win rookie of the year because he's got some pretty stiff competition right now, but, I think that he's a guy that if he plays well enough, they could end up changing the sort of the, the the direction of who who exactly are we building this team around, you know, and he's got that sort of potential. I love the way he plays. Yeah. He's looked good, man. I I actually thought he would struggle more than he has. Obviously, didn't look good in summer league, but we've seen seen plenty of players, you know, play horribly in summer league and and get it figured out. I don't think that's really much of a harbinger, but 150 to 1 right now, to win rookie of the year. I mean, obviously, I think you would need an injury to probably both of Victor Wembanyama and Chet Holmgren who are neck and neck at this point, Brandon. Wembanyama, minus 125. Chet Holmgren has closed that gap. He's at minus 110. You got a Tsar Thompson, 80 to 1, Miller 15 or 150 to 1, and then, you know, Scoot Henderson, Jaime Hawkes. Jordan Hawkins right now as the the 7th lowest odds. So, it's a 2 man race. I wouldn't really recommend betting any of those long shots right now. A dollar hey. A dollar on Brandon Miller won't kill you. Look. I wouldn't be shocked if Wepanyama or Holmgren get hurt at some point. So yeah. Maybe yeah. Maybe $5. Why why not? You know, if you're gonna do it, make some money on this. Alright. I wanna talk about some some players to consider dropping, wrote a wrote a piece on on rotor wire that also ran on Yahoo this week. But before we get to that, vivid seats. The NBA season is underway. On behalf of our friends at vivid seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing nothing, Brandon Kravitz, beats seeing your favorite team, the Orlando Magic, crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans, every dunk, dribble, and heart pounding play from your favorite team live and in person. And And because vivid seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards on every purchase all season long. Plus, they have a 100% buyer guarantee, so you could be sure your ticket is as legit as your love for your team. Visit vividseats.com or download their app today and use our promo code, rotowire, for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's r o t o w I r e, rotowire. That'll get you $20 off your first purchase of at least $200. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vividseats, experience it live. I I went to the Bucks game this past Friday, and we had a big group of people. Some of them bought their tickets on on a another app, not vividseats that will remain unnamed, and they were not allowed into the game because the seats were somehow, like they were either, like, not delivered or they were, like, kind of bogus tickets. So use Vivid Seats. Avoid that. They, Wow. That group of people had to purchase standing room only tickets and could not sit with the group. So let me just double purchase tickets. Let's not get It's insane. Yeah. I don't wanna give any credence to this other site, but I think they got refunded at least, but it was it was an entire debacle. They missed the start of the game. I mean, could you imagine not seeing Kyle Kuzma introduced before a a Bucks game at Pfizer Forum? I mean, just a brutal experience. So point. Yeah. My point is use vivid seats. Alright, Brandon. I I mentioned, you know, I wrote that piece. We we do this each week for for Yahoo, and and we run it on rotor wire. Just kinda breaking down players to consider dropping. And the the caveat here is, you know, I'm not writing up somebody who's, like, 5% owned or even 20% owned. Right? It's it's guys who are, you know, tough decisions, essentially. It's like, alright. I wanna add Nick on the line, Nick. Right. I wanna add Jaime Hawkes. I wanna add Isaiah Joe. I wanna add Dario Saric, but maybe I'm in a 10 or a 12 team league. Who's who's a a player that I might not feel great about dropping, but, you know, you could make a case to do it anyway. I'll I'll run through my list, and then we could talk about a few of these guys. I think they'll be relevant to to a lot of people listening and and, you know, maybe even some of the questions we get in the chat. I wanna start with Gary Trent, and this is, this is like year 3 of me going through this with Gary Trent. Like, I and, of course, I I dropped him in 2 leagues after I probably should have done so, like, 2 weeks ago. And then he, you know, had one of his better games of the season last night for Toronto. I just I I can't do it anymore with Gary Trent, man. Like, the steals are starting to dry up. You know, he was a guy who was, like, pretty consistently steel and a half, if not more per game. Like, he's under a steal per game now this season. The field goal percentage is a huge killer in roto leagues. Like, he'll give you he'll give you some volume scoring, but you you also is, you know, prone to shooting 30% over a 2 week span. And, you know, weirdly enough for him, like, he's he's obviously very 3 point reliant, and that's gonna drag down the field goal percentage. But he's under 60% at the free throw line as well this season. Like, that that's been just a dramatic falloff for a guy who's been a pretty decent free throw shooter. Yeah. He's a he's a guy that I thought would be a hot trade candidate, but he hasn't really been playing himself into that discussion, and it was a guy that was brought up a lot last year as well. I just noticed that this has been the case. There seems to be something in the water in Toronto. You know, we were down on Pascal Siakam at first to start the year. It was all about Scottie Barnes. Now Scottie Barnes, it's not like he's bad, but he's not what he was to start the season. And and we haven't seen Gary Trent junior really go off at any point. I I I you know, you look up and down the game log is he just doesn't have a string of success yet this season. And so, yeah, if you need to make room on your roster, I'm with you. It was one of my takeaways, and I I read this article. You did a great job with it. I agree with almost a 100% of of your articles. So I'm like, where can I push back on Nick a little bit? I I don't have a lot. I thought you brought up some really good points. It it was tough to write, man, because, like, I, you know, I I tend to be very cautious, especially if I'm, like, giving advice to other people, you know, where it's just like I don't wanna Yeah. You don't wanna screw other people over. Yeah. Your fear is like, yeah. Drop Andrew Wiggins and then he, you know, reels off, like, 3 25 point games in a row. But I I think I I did my best to make a a strong case. And, you know, Gary Trent last year, like, I had him on a bunch of teams, and it actually went pretty well. Like, he had, you know, 25 game span the middle of last season where he averaged 21 points per game on 453990 from the field. So, like, there there's proven history of Gary Trent having those runs, and he'll probably have them again at some point this season, but it's just field goal percentage has been a problem for me in in a few leagues and, like, having him just, you know, it's it's such a drain on that category specifically. Like, even even nights where he gives you, you know, 19, 20 points, it's a lot of, like, you know, 5 of 14 shooting and and things like that. So Gary Tread made the list pretty easily. You know, Wiggins, I mentioned he as of yesterday, when I wrote this up, he's still 68% rostered in Yahoo leagues, and I I get it. But at the same time, you know, I there's just not a lot of positive indicators. You know, there was a story, Kendra Andrews, wrote for ESPN yesterday that noted that the people inside the organization in Golden State are, quote, annoyed at his lack of conditioning. I don't know how that happens. Like, I feel like Andrew Wiggins has never been somebody we've had to question the conditioning, but there's still that, you know, that weird absence last year, that nobody really knows exactly what happened. And and if you read that piece, it sounds like even the warriors aren't really sure why he missed so much time. And I I I I don't I just I don't know if we're gonna look back on that and say, man. Like, Andrew Wiggins was just never quite the same after whatever happened last year. Or yeah. I mean, it could be a conditioning issue, and and maybe that's on him. Maybe that's just, something that's gonna take time. I'm assuming that you wrote this article prior to him scoring 29 points, getting 10 rebounds, and shooting 61% from the field. I think that that is exactly right. And that is my fear in telling people to stop Andrew Wiggins because then he goes 11 of 18 last night for 29. So Yep. Yeah. But, I mean, that's been that's been a huge outlier. Right? I mean, prior to last night, I think he'd only scored 20 points twice on the year. Yeah. You you go back to about 10 days ago, 31 points against the, thunder that was in an overtime game. So he played really well there, but outside of that, you haven't really seen a lot. I I I'm I'm not surprised at all to see the percentages of him being rostered because he he's still a big name. People want pieces of the Golden State Warriors, and he's one of the biggest stars that they have. And so when you have the when you have the brand value, you're you're always gonna get a longer leash, and it seems like that's what fantasy managers are giving to Andrew Wiggins. I'm not in a I mean, now it's easy for me to say this. I didn't have to write an article, and then he drops 29, but I'm not in a rush to drop him Yeah. Just because just because you know what he can do. I've there's there's there's only one other guy on the list that I'll I'll push back on. Yeah. Well, last thing I'll say about Wiggins is it's really just points and rebounds at this point. So even, you know, even on the nights when he's scoring, like, he's still he's still probably a better real life player than than a fantasy player. It's kind of a 2 category guy. We'll see if shooting comes around. I mean, free throws if you're in a category league. That's always been an issue with him, but, you know, the the free throw shooting has gotten even worse. Who else who else would you push back on from my list? I and and I understand you adding him to it, but I still think better days are ahead for Ben Matherin, and I'm not willing to put him on the wire and have somebody else pick him up. I mean, you brought up the obvious points that if he's not scoring at a high clip, what else is he really giving you? But we saw it last year. He's completely capable of this. And Yeah. You're talking about an offense that is at the top of the league in scoring and a guy who has the ability to be a 6th man of the year candidate. He did that in his 1st year in the NBA. I think this is a sophomore slump right now that he could break out of at any point, and I wanna make sure that he's on my roster. So even it's even though it's sort of an ankle weight right now, he's just not a guy that I'm willing to throw back out there. Yeah. Understandable for sure. You know, I I think the biggest thing that stood out to me is the lack of minutes. You know, it's like I I thought Ben Mather could take a pretty big leap this season, and, you know, it feels like, you know, Indiana scoring, like, 135 every single night. And for whatever reason, he's just not a big part of it. You know, compared to last year, like, he averaged almost 29 minutes per game as a rookie, and he's at, like, 24 minutes a game this season. Like, I I don't care how much of a microwave score you are. Like, you're just gonna have a tough time being fantasy relevant if you're you're kinda only a points guy and you give a a few rebounds here and there. Like, that's about it with Batherin. The 3 point shooting was pretty bad last season and has remained, hovering around 32%. You know, if you're only playing 24.6 minutes per game, it's gonna be difficult. And the other thing, Brandon, I mean, his free throw rate has basically been cut in half. I mean, that that was, I think, something that was really underrated. And one of the reasons that I I thought bathroom could take a big leap this season is like, you don't have, you don't have a lot of rookie guards come in and average, like 6 free throw attempts per game. That's very rare. And he's down at 2.9 per game this season. Yeah. I also would consider that a guy that we've talked about a lot as being a trade candidate in Buddy Hield. Maybe that opens up some more minutes for Ben Matherin, and we don't know when something like that could happen. We're already at the end of November. Trade deadline's in February. That'll be here before we know it. I just think better days are ahead, but, yeah, you you do have to be concerned when he I mean, he can shoot a low at a low percentage on any given night, and, and he's certainly not giving you a lot in terms of the defensive stats, the the stocks, so to speak. But he's he's a tremendous talent. Right now, he's going through a rough stretch. I I can just see it now. 3 weeks from now, we're talking about hot waiver waiver ads to to target, and it's hey. Look who's back. Ben Matherin. Yeah. I mean, based on how so my leagues are going this season, maybe just, you know, read this article as, like, a waiver pickup. Instead of instead of players to drop, just go and pick up all these guys, and you might be better off. Dyson Daniels is somebody that I mentioned. He's down to 32% roster, so he's a little bit below the threshold, of some other players on the list. Obviously, you're you're rostering him for for the steals first and foremost. You know, the assist and the rebounds have been nice. He has at least one steal in 15 of 18 games so far this season. I I am very curious to see what their rotation looks like tonight. New Orleans is in action. They're home for the 70 sixers, because they're they're getting CJ McCollum back, which is massive. Trey Murphy is listed as doubtful tonight. I highly doubt he'll play, but, I mean, he could be back. I think they play Friday against the Spurs. So we might not get a a full representative sample tonight, but once both of those guys are back in the mix, I think Dyson is still in the rotation. I don't think he's approaching, you know, 28, 32 minutes most nights. So I I would feel pretty comfortable. You know, if if you rostered him for the last month, you probably got the best stretch of the season for him. Yeah. I I I think the the window's closed, and and it will be interesting to see how many minutes do you give to CJ McCollum as far as tonight goes, a guy that's coming back from a collapsed lung. Credit to him for making his way back as quick as he did with an injury like that. Missing 12 games is a lot, but when you're talking about a collapsed lung, it feels like a drop in the bucket. I by the way, my best bet tonight, and the line has already moved. Took the sixers at minus 1a half. Love every second of it. I this is one of my one of my staples. When you and I started this podcast, I ran down my list of things I look forward in betting. When stars are reinserted into a lineup, especially Yep. If that team's been playing well, it tends to ruin chemistry, and and people can't wait to bet the team that's getting the guy back, but it doesn't always work like that. It takes a minute. And, this this group had actually been playing well together, adding CJ McCollum back to the mix, and we don't know that he's getting full minutes either against the 70 sixers team that covers the spread as well as anybody. So if you're looking for a little action tonight, maybe you can tell me on that. Yeah. If you want a full betting breakdown of every slate, myself, Alex Barutha, we're on SiriusXM NBA radio at 7 PM EST, Monday through Friday, breaking down every game, giving out our best bets. One of mine last night, Brandon, was a a nice little player prop parlay. We had we had cat over 9 and a half boards, which hit no problem. OKC is a terrible rebounding team. All we needed was 2, 3 pointers out of Deandre Hunter. It went 1 for 6. 1 for 6. Ugh. We got the attempt. That is painful. Our heart was in the right place. But, Yeah. Nevertheless, check that show out on SiriusXM. You can listen to it back on the s SXM app as well. Alright, Brandon. Let's let's hit the last read here, then we'll get into some listener questions. I also wanna talk about, you know, some of the the fantasy MVPs of the season and and talk about a a great page on Yahoo where you can look at basically which players are highest rostered on the teams that are doing the best this season. But we got a message for rival fantasy. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun, and they give fans storylines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up with conversation. Now every matchup and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. You can play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Joinrival.com/rotoWire. That's where you could sign up. You can get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this right now before we get too deep into the NBA season. That's joinrival.com/rotowire. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. We will see you in the arena. Alright. So I mentioned that that MVP's page over on Yahoo, which is a tool that they have for for, you know, fantasy baseball, fantasy football as well. And, you know, it basically says, alright. The best teams I think they take, you know, like, the the top 10 or or 20%, of the best performing teams, and you could sort by by roto or head to head to get a better gauge. And they say, alright. You know, what percentage rostered are certain players that are making these teams so good? Unsurprisingly, Brandon, Tyrese Maxey is rostered on 28% of the top performing fantasy teams on Yahoo. Not surprised by that at all just based on where he was drafted, and he was he was pushed down because of the James Harden presence. And he was a steal for those that invested in him as if he was gonna be the number 2 to Joel Embiid. You didn't have to pay that price. That's the reason why he ends up so high on a list like this because you got Maxey. Just think about who you were able to draft prior to even adding him to your roster. So that one makes a lot of sense. Yeah. That was not surprising at all. I mean, that's still a a pretty stunning percentage. 28% is extremely high. After that, Brook Lopez, 21.2%, and Tobias Harris, 20.8%, very quietly having a a great roto league season. Yeah. That one surprised me. I I don't know exactly where that one's coming from, but the Brook Lopez, him being towards the top of this list, I think tells an interesting story where if you're not getting Jokic or Embiid in terms of the center position, then you're you're probably waiting you're better off waiting until a very specific point in the draft to target center because you need to load up at these other positions. And if you're able to get a value in terms of your big, then you're gonna have a leg up. I think that's the reason why when you scroll down the list, you don't have to go very far Right. Before you see guys like Vooch and Valenciunas and Mark Williams, and and Brook Lopez because of the season he's having is at the top of that list. Yeah. He's inside the top 25 if you go by total value. You know, obviously, somebody hasn't missed any time yet. Per game value, he's still inside the top 40 doing large parts of the blocks. Right? I mean, you see, for a big man who plays a ton of minutes, it's always a weird stat line. Like, he doesn't rebound at nearly the rate that you would think. He's only at about 5 boards per game. Doesn't really pass all that much, 1.3 assists, but, just under a steal per game, 2.8 blocks per game, 50% from the field, giving you almost 2, 3 pointers as well. So I I had big concerns coming into the year about, you know, will Brook Lopez hold up for a second straight season? Like, he had back surgery 2 years ago, and I I felt like last year was the best best case scenario. I mean, like, what did he play? Like, 75, 77 games? I I thought they'd be a little more cautious with him, but we also have seen I mean, Milwaukee, they absolutely need Brook Lopez on the floor defensively. I mean, if he misses any stretch of time this season, that could be disastrous for a defense that's already struggled. Yeah. He's, he you know, low key, one of their MVPs, and I think Milwaukee has started to put it together, but he's been the constant, all along the way. And amazing at his age that he's not dropping off. He's like the Travis Kelce of the NBA at this point. He just keeps getting better and better, man. I mean, he had Yeah. 39, the other night when I was in the house, against Washington. You know, there's a few interesting names on this list. Like, D'Angelo Russell is ranks pretty high. You know, he's rostered at 15% of the best Yahoo teams. That was the one that stood out to me too. How You know what? Is it because he shoots a high percentage from 3? That's the only thing I could put together. Yeah. That one I mean, I guess maybe he was going so late in drafts that, you know, if you got if you got him around, pick 100 and you spend, like, a top 75 guy, you know, you're getting some pretty serious value there, but I still don't feel like he's been that good. Austin Reeves making the list too. That that's pretty surprising. I mean, he's got it together somewhat. Like, the percentages are starting to come around, but it doesn't feel like Austin Reeves is having the, you know, kinda post contract breakout that we thought. Yeah. And a couple of the names that weren't towards the top of the list surprised me as much as anything. You have to scroll down pretty far to find a Sar Thompson who's been a revelation in in the category scoring format. There was another name that jumped out to me as well. I'm blanking on it right now. Oh, Tyrese Halliburton. Only 12.4%. I think the thing with with Halliburton is he was going so high that he's just kinda performing as expected. Right? I mean, you you saw how he's raising the level of your fantasy squad. He's just Yeah. Right. I mean, for the most part, it's like these are guys that are well outperforming their ADP as opposed to guys who are beating it. But then he, you know, he had SGA who's 18%, you know, rostered on on these successful teams. Chet Holmgren, 21%. That makes sense as well. Some of this stuff, I think, does tell a story. And then with others, like SGA being at 18% and Tyrese Halliburton being at 12, I think, is more random than anything else. Yeah. But, yeah, when you see Chad Holmgren towards the top, there's that that, there's real value and substance in that. Tyrese Maxey at number 1. Yeah. Jaylen Johnson, who's not too far down the list, Scottie Barnes, those guys, those seem to be the difference making players, but some of these other guys that, are at the top or or or, like, Jokic being at 14%, I mean, that's certainly not hurting your, your fantasy team. Alright. Let's get into some live listener questions. Our guy, Freekey, always a staple on the streams. He asks, guys, I gotta drop 2 of these players I drafted, on a 3 punt. Tyus Jones, Bruce Brown, Scoot Henderson, or Klay Thompson. I gotta drop 2. Man, I wanna hold on to Scoot Henderson so bad. Well, so it's also relevant here that he's I if I'm reading this correctly, he's punting threes. So I like, obviously, Klay to be is kind of the outlier, but if you're if you're punting threes, that becomes a little bit more palatable. I would try to trade Klay as opposed to dropping him, though. Yeah. I think I would I think I'd let go of well, if if you get the punt threes, maybe Scoot Henderson, you hang on to him, hang on to Tyus Jones stubbornly. I guess Bruce Brown and Klay Thompson. It's crazy as that sounds. Yeah. Specifically because you're punting threes. I I don't I think Klay is gonna come around at some point. I I you know, he's not that old. I don't think he's completely fallen off a cliff yet. And, you know, Bruce Brown's played better of late. I mean, he was pretty rough to begin the year, but, you know, the steals have really come around. He's got multiple steals in 4 straight games. The assists are starting to climb as well. He's at 12, 3 and a half boards, 3 assists, 1.7 steals, with pretty good percentages over his last 6. You know, not really giving you a whole lot from 3, but that's, you know, not really what you're you're banking on, when it comes to Bruce Brown anyways. So he's been, to me, about as expected. It's a pretty tough choice. I mean, we get a ton of questions, Brandon, about Tyus Jones and and really the Wizards in general. You know, it's it's been really up and down, you know, in that Milwaukee game, guys Jones, 227 and 7 with a steal. Like, that's kinda what we thought we would get a lot more offense is in, but and, of course, you know, one night later, 4 points, 4 assists in 24 minutes. You mean, who knows? Maybe better days are ahead for the Washington Wizards. I'm gonna see them at the Amway Center tonight so I can give you the full report of, what that team looks like in production. If you could if you could get in there and ask Tyus Jones, like, hey. What's going on with your fantasy performance, man? We need a little more out of you. That's a great question. About you, bud. Ian asked, alright. 9 category league. He's gotta choose 1 of these 3. Kiate George, Scoot Henderson, or it says Kiate George and Scoot Henderson, or I Strauss. I assume it's Max Struss. So, basically, would you prefer the the George slash Scoot side of this or Max Struss? I think I'd go with Max Struss. Just give me the just give me the better player with a high shooting that that's good from 3. Yeah. I mean, Keontae George, I'm starting to come around. I was not really a believer early on. You know, it was kinda just the assist that you were chasing there, and, you know, he's he's started to play more minutes. He's started to do a little bit more outside of that. You know, he's at 14, 4, and 6 over his last 7 games. He he's just you know, he's gonna kill you in the percentages, much like Scoot Henderson. So especially with this being a 9 cat league, like Scoot's gonna be a high turnover guy. He hasn't met already. I don't think that's really gonna change. I mean, Portland in general is just a high turnover team. So in 9 categories specifically, I think I would lean Stearns because, you know, both both Scoot and Keandre George could shoot under 40%. They could both be, you know, 3, 4 turned over per game, guys, and I think that's gonna hurt you more than it's going to help you. I mean, look at some of these percentages for Max Struse. There's just not a lot of guys in the league that are giving you this with the volume that he's shooting from 3. 43%, 44%, 43%, 50, 50, 33, 50. Mhmm. That's that's those are really good numbers. And if so if you're chasing, these if you're chasing category scoring, you need that. Yeah. He's been playing really well. Alright. Our guy now says 9 category league. Should I drop Brogdon or Bogdan Bogdanovic? He said he's punting field goal and free throw percentage this week. I know the percentages for Brogdon haven't been great so far, so that's that's a little relevant. But I I don't think for either of these guys, you know, you're you're necessarily all that worried about, you know, short term field goal and free throw percentage. This is this is an interesting one, though. I mean, Brogdon Brogdon continues to play pretty well as kind of the the elder statesman, you know, of this this Portland Trail Blazers team. You know, the counting stats have have been there for the most part, 18, 4, and 6. You know, he's averaging his most assists per game since his 1st year in Indiana back in 2019, 20, but he issued 41% from the field. So that's been the one drawback. The do do you have a a strong lean one way or the other here? Yeah. I mean, you'd expect more defensive stats from Brogdon being the defender that he is, and he's not really giving that. Maybe that corrects itself. Maybe the problem is that he's on an island in Portland, but I would still go Malcolm Brogdon here. I mean, as far as the player I'd wanna keep on my roster, I know they were asking who they wanna drop. Right. I mean, it's it's better debate because you could argue that Bogdanovic has been just as good, if not better, over the last couple of weeks. I think, you know, with with Jalen Johnson going down, you're immediately thinking, alright, Sadik Bey, Deandre Hunter, but I think there's been some trickle down to Bogdanovic as well. I mean, he's averaging almost 20 points per game over his last day. Not doing a whole lot outside of that. Like, he has given you over a steal per game, but not really rebounding all that much, you know, not really giving you any assists. So kinda depends what categories you're targeting. He has been shooting a ton of threes. I mean, he's taken he's taken 10 or more threes in 5 of his last 8 games. So if that's a category of need for you this week, yeah, I I would look into that when it comes to Bogdanovic. And schedule wise, yeah, the hawks play the hawks play Thursday Saturday, and the Portland Trail Blazers the rest of the week, they play Thursday Saturday. So about the same. I mean, that's that's really close. I I I think I would probably give slightly to Brogdon as well. Alright. Ian asks, I have KD and Kawhi. I'm worried about the rest of season health and might cause me to lose. Any advice so I can flip them and who I should be targeting? Yeah. This is a question that we get a lot and something that we've we've talked about on a on a bunch of pods. Like, I I feel the same way. I mean, for the most part, I just I don't draft KD, or Kawhi. I had Kawhi in one team last year, and it actually went okay, you know, considering how many games he missed. Like, he was so good when he played that it it kinda made up for it, but I understand the concern. I I think you and I talked about this last week. Like, do you, you know, who who are, like, realistic targets, I guess? If you feel like, alright. I got I got a great 20 games out of KD, but I think he's gonna miss 20 at some point. You can get you should be able to get just about anybody. Right? I mean, there's a list of maybe And we talked about Tyrese Maxey's at 28% in terms of the most successful teams in Fantasy. Can you can you flip him for for Maxey? I I think yeah. Somebody like that, Maxie, you know, you could you could look at, like, Scottie Barnes. I mean, you could even you could try to do, I don't know, Donovan Mitchell. Yep. Somebody like Anthony Edwards, you could strike, you know, strike all the irons hot. Anthony Edwards took a tough spill last night, but he should be okay. So he's a guy you could target. Right. I would I would throw out a ton of offers. I mean, you might be able to get might be able to get Jayson Tatum even. I would much rather have him. I know Durant's been the better Fantasy player this year, but Tatum has a vastly better track record of health. You know, Trey Young is another guy. Yeah. Yeah. You you should be able to do okay there. And he he follows up and says, alright. You know, would you do Durant, Kawhi, and Brogden for SGA, Cam Johnson, and Hero? Yeah. I'm not I want I really want SGA for sure. Yeah. But packaging Kawhi and KD, like, I think I'd rather try to sell those guys in separate deals. Agreed. Completely agreed. I think you're you're bringing on a great player. You're you're kind of your mindset's your head's in the right place here, but I think you're going a little bit too hard in the paint to use a basketball reference. Yep. Or a walk a flock of flame reference as well. Alright. We have a a self described noob question from Ian. He says, my 1st year in roto, if my player has a game and I put him in my active slot, but he's a DNP, so either doesn't play or he's hurt, does it consume a game at the position? I think so. It depends on your league. Right? Like, if you're doing if you're in a weekly league and, you know, you put let's say you have Laurie Markkanen in in your lineup on Monday and he didn't play, he's locked for the rest of the week. Right? Unless you have a league where, like, the NFBKC, for example, you could set another lineup that that runs from Friday to Sunday. But most leagues, you know, that are weekly, if that if that if that player doesn't play, he's still in your lineup for the week. You can't remove him. It counts as, like, a an an active game. If you're in daily lineup leagues, obviously, you could get him out of there. I I assume you might be asking about, like, leagues that have game limits per week. I that's super league specific. I'm not really sure. I I would I think it does count, though. I would think so. I mean, either way, if the players in your starting lineup and the lineup's locked, whether that's for the week or for the day, then that that player's taking up that spot even if they they're a DNP. And this is the frustrating part of fantasy, props, betting in the NBA. It's something you have to deal with, and you have to wrap your head around through the through the course of the season. You might not find out until they do the player introductions. Yeah. It does feel like it's gotten a little better compared to last year. Am I wrong on that? Like, I felt like at this point last season, we were already up in arms. You know, it's like, man, this is you're playing fantasy basketball. It's just a it's it's a losing game. If you're in a weekly lineup league, it's been a disaster. Like, I I do feel like I don't know if it's by virtue of the in season tournament or not. I would say probably not. That we haven't we haven't seen as many teams, you know, go into the extremes when it comes to rest specifically. I do remember last year being pretty problematic. Last year was So it doesn't feel that remember. So it's it either either we've become desensitized to it or it has gotten better. Mhmm. I don't know which is true. Any update on the Jeremy Sohan injury? I have not seen anything today or yesterday. You know, Sohan exited Sunday against Denver with what they just said was knee soreness, what was ruled out for the rest of that game. I I'm not really sure. Kind of a unique situation because they they were off Monday. They were off yesterday. They're off tonight, and then they play Thursday against Atlanta, and they they have a back to back Friday at New Orleans. So my we'll we'll get news today. But, you know, it's kinda like the NFL. Like, if a team plays on Monday night, you're always, like, you know, a a day behind on the injury report. So they're not really gonna say anything on Monday when the game's not until Thursday, but we should we should get an update. You know, the NBA mandates that we get an update at some point today on Sohan. But the fact that it's knee soreness as opposed to, like, you know, him going to the ground with, like, a true knee injury, you know, maybe maybe he misses these next couple of games. I don't think it would be long term. No. I I don't see how especially if hey. He he he didn't have a serious knee injury last year. I think that's when you look at a soreness injury, and you can say that that's gonna keep him out for an extended length of time. I believe that that's the actual diagnosis for Markelle Fultz right now is knee soreness. So it it but he's a guy who came off of a serious knee injury. I don't think Sohan's dealing with that. Well, what let let's talk about Fultz, by the way. What is what is going on there? Yeah. We we get a ton of questions about Markelle Fultz. Do you have do you have any insight beyond, you know, the basic injury reports? I can tell you that he is, I saw him running stairs the other day in the arena, so it's not like he can't move. It's an injury maintenance thing. I honestly have no idea what the timeline is, but he looks good to me, and my guess is he's gonna make his way back soon. I think we went I think we see Wendell Carter junior back in the starting lineup before we see Markelle Fultz, but just guessing, I'd be surprised if we win another full month without Fultz in the lineup. Alright. Interesting trade question here, from our our guy, James. Jeremy Jeremy Grant and Jordan Clarkson for John Collins and Anthony Simons. I think I'd rather have the first end. Yeah. This is this is a really even trade. I I was kinda leaning the other way because I I think I want Aphrodie Simons most. You know, John Collins has been about as expected. He's been extremely consistent, if nothing else. Right? I I actually kinda thought he might have an opportunity to take a bigger leap, but unfortunately, I the shot blocking may never come back. And part of it is he's, you know, basically playing the 3 in Utah, so he doesn't have as many opportunities. But, you know, I guess we're we're now talking like 4 years ago. He was a 1.6 blocks per game guy and, you know, now he's half of that. This season, you know, not really giving you any steals. He's under an assist per game. So you're really just targeting him for points, rebounds, and threes, which which is fine. You know? Shoots a good percentage as well. He's over 40% from 3. Jeremy Grant, fairly limited as a fantasy player. Points, rebounds. You know, every now and then, you'll get the defensive stats as well. But I think if you're if you're chasing upside, like, if you're if you're in the middle of the pack or you're you're kinda lower down in your league, I I wouldn't mind taking a chance on Simons because I I think he's the best player and the highest upside guy in the deal. Yeah. These sort of deals, like, I end up just sort of going why. What's the what's the purpose of it? When you're doing a 2 for 2 and it's and it's even across the board, I I just think there are better deals to be I think we're just making trades to make trades at that point. Wow. Which you know what? Hey. If you wanna do that you know what? I sympathize with that. Right? It it's tough. If you're if you're in, like, you know, like, the the rotor wire snake league, for example, 16 teams. It's like there's, you know, you you'll you'll move up or down 5 spots at any given night, and it could it's tough to sit there idly if you're if you're going in the wrong direction. It's true. You know, if you're trying to send your team a message, then you go ahead. Get it done. Yeah. You gotta think about the locker room. Right? You know, what what does Jeremy Grant mean to your team? Is he a veteran leader on that team? Good point. We we just talked about Fultz, but we'll address this one by, from Ian. Do I continue to keep Fultz on the IL in a 12 team 9 cat, or is he droppable? I got the sense from what you just said, Brandon, that you'd probably keep him in that slot for now. Yeah. And and I think he's gonna put up numbers when he comes back. He'll be able to it'll be somebody that'll fill up some of those categories that you need. What's amazing about what the Magic are doing right now outside of the fact that they're doing it, that they've won 7 in a row, which they haven't done since Dwight Howard was on the roster, is that they're doing Oh, that's it? That's it. Wow. 7. Yep. Twelve wins on the season. Incredible. And it should continue. They have 2 games against the Wizards coming up this week. But, I know. We're looking at a 10 game winning streak coming up. What was that? Where is that going with that? Oh, they're doing without a true point guard. I mean, Anthony Black is I can't even say he's playing bad. Like, I don't I don't even notice he's out there sometimes. He's not he's not doing anything. And Cole Anthony's played great, but they're keeping his role to a 6th man off the bench, microwave score type. So when Fultz comes back, he's as as much as they're just winning no matter what, like, they need what he brings to the table. You gotta have a point guard in the NBA if you're gonna have sustained success. Alright. 10 team, 9 category league. Keontae George is available. Should I drop Ana Nobi or Jalen Williams for him? I would say no. Yeah. I wouldn't do that. No. I know Anenobi's been pretty disappointing so far. He's ranked actually outside the top 100, which is pretty shocking. You know, the free throw percentage has been really bad. He's, you know, hovering around 60%. Although he's not really bad at me. Players are just so disappointing this year. Yeah. Unless you got Scottie Barnes or, I guess, Dennis Schroeder, it's been pretty disappointing. Although, Joakim Joakim's got it together. You know, I I complained a lot about him early in the season, and his overall ranking is still not great, partially because he's, you know, just not giving you any defensive stats and, you know, the free throw percentage. And I feel like every game he's like 4 for 6 from 3 or from from the line. But the county stats have started to come back with him. I mean, again, it's not the value that you were hoping for, but I I actually am pretty optimistic about Siakam. Yeah. And then Obi's tough. I mean, it's I mean, that's a guy that you were drafting. Maybe he's, what, as high as the 5th or 6th round. And, you know, to kinda to cup bait on him for Kiatek George would feel like selling at the absolute bottom. I I'm very pro Jalen Williams. You know, I know you missed some time recently that that maybe, you know, rubs some people the wrong way, but I I I'm still still pretty high in him. I definitely would not drop JL Williams. You know, I think the arrival the arrival of Chet Holmgren, you know, has maybe rubbed a little bit of the upside off of Williams, but he's still you know, to find a guy like him at his age, he's, like, guaranteed to shoot 50% from the field, and he's been an an awesome free throw shooter at a a fairly high volume. You know, 17, 4, and 4 every night on good percentages. I I definitely would not cut bait there, but the end of Obi question is is weirdly a fair one. It is, and I get it. You know, when a guy heats up the way that Keontae George has, you wanna get your hands on that. It's tempting, but is it sustainable? I just don't really know what we're chasing with him. Is Keontae George the kind of guy that's gonna put your roster over the top? I don't think so. OG and Anubia at his best is one of those types of players. So as frustrating as it is, you know, unless you just like Nick said, I think that this all comes down to a lot of these questions. It would we'll repeat this as much as we need to to just steady your minds out there. A lot of this comes down to what does your team look like in terms of win loss record? Are you on a streak in a negative direction, and you just need to make a move to do something different? I totally get that. But if that's not the case, then I just don't think Keontae George is gonna keep up what I think he's on a nice little stretch here, double digit points in each of his last three, but I I don't think that this is something that's that's uber sustainable, with all the mouths they have to feed in that Utah offense. See, I I actually think it's fairly sustainable because I I think this team's going in the wrong direction, and I I think he's gonna play a ton of minutes the rest of the way. I just the percentages, the turnovers in a 9 category league, you know, I I think he's he's gonna be a a good player in terms of the when the county stats are there, but, you know, rookie guards just tend to not be good fantasy players. And I I think on balance, you know, if you're asking, like, who's the better fantasy player for the rest of the year? Who has a better chance to to finish higher? It's gotta be Anunoby. Right? I mean, I I think we have to look at this as kind of just a a slow start and, you know, maybe he gets moved and and that might be for the best for Brandon Ovi at this point. Who would you prefer rest of season? Tyus Jones or Khris Middleton in a 9 category roto league? Tough. I if you if you think Middleton's staying healthy, I would definitely take Middleton. Like, he's still putting up decent numbers despite playing 20 minutes a game. You know, he's still giving you 124, and 4. And, you know, I think eventually, he gets to the point where maybe he's not playing 35 minutes tonight, but even even 28 minutes tonight would be huge for Middleton. Yeah. He it's tough with Middleton because you I mean, you can see the decline so evident, but he's still at his best a pretty good player. Not shooting at a as a at a great percentage, the 3 balls at 33% in terms of the the month of November. It was even worse prior to that. It just feels like he's starting to decay a little bit too quickly for me, and I like Tyus Jones. We've already seen the worst days for the Washington Wizards. I mean, it literally can't get any worse. So if you if you made it this far, I think I'd stick with Tyus Jones. Okay. Okay. Well, agree to disagree on that one. You know, Middleton has been it's been disappointing from 3, but he's shooting, like, 70% in the mid range, and that's that's still carrying him to, like, 47% from the field overall. So that's been offset to some degree. If you look at the per 36 numbers, he's right in line with where he's been in his best seasons. Right? I mean, per 36, he's at 22 points, almost 8 rebounds, 7 assists, 1.2 steals. I mean, that is right in line with what you think of for Khris Middleton before all the injuries set in. So if you're sticking with Khris, you you you have to accept the injury risk and, you know, at any point, the knee could go in the wrong direction. But, again, like like you like you always say, it kinda depends where you are in your league. And I I think if you've been holding Chris Middleton to, like, punt on him now, you know, as he seems to be kind of ascending in the right direction, like, he I don't think he's gonna play 22 minutes most nights the rest of the season. Like, they're they're gonna bump that up at some point. So I I would chase that upside. James says, where do you think LaVine will end up after the trade deadline to have him on my team? Should I trade him? Oh, I think you should wait. He becomes much more valuable on a new roster. So it Yeah. We don't know. I mean, we'd be guessing at this point, but just it's just the way that it goes is when a guy gets traded, his his value soars because we all think so optimistically about what this guy's upside in the new offense could be and all of that. Mhmm. I would trade him the day he gets dealt. That would be my move. He's holding up a he's holding up a Heat jersey. I put him on the block. So you think, you know, if he lands in Miami or he lands in Philly or Los Angeles, like, that's a better situation than Chicago? Because, I mean, the bulls are a disaster, and they play at a slow pace. I get all that. But I I don't know if he's going to a team where it's like, alright. You're the number one option now. It's like I I think it would be and you can make the argument that he's you know, it it's kind of a a 3 man team in Chicago, right, with Vucevic and and DeRozan. So but if he goes to LA or he goes to Philly, it's like you're you're playing alongside Embiid. You know? I think if anything, if he lands in Philly, that's that's not good for Tyrese Maxey. That that would be a disappointment. But, you know, in general, it's like, did is he going somewhere where he fits in similarly in terms of, like, the hierarchy and the offense? Probably not, but I also think that his efficiency could see a boost. So, you know, you kinda get a play for the bulls. Yeah. You can get a balance there, but I I think in terms of changing overall values, it really is gonna impact the guys that are playing around him more than him. A team that's trading for him, we've said this about Buddy Heald all the way through. If you're trading for Zach LaVine, you're trading for something very specific. You're gonna use him for that role. So he's still gonna get his, and I think he can do it at a more efficient clip. But how does it impact the guys around him? We just don't know where he's gonna go, so we're just we're just guessing. Yeah. My my guess is it is one of those teams. You know, I think it's I think it's a contending team. You know, I don't I don't really see I I don't think Philly's gonna do it, though. Philly's kind of I think Philly is is good where they're at. I really think that they they're happy to just run everything through Mhmm. The 2 man game of Embiid and Maxi and just get contributions from the role guys. I get the I get the impression that they're not gonna make a move like that. Miami, maybe because they've swung and missed so many times on stars, they'd make a move, and the lakers are never out of it when it comes to a discussion like this. So I would say Lakers, he feel like the most likely. Alright. We got a couple Trey Murphy questions that we'll hit. Thoughts on Trey Murphy. Can he be in the top 75? That comes from Ian. And then Victor asks, you know, better rest of season, Bojan Bogdanovic. So we're talking Pistons or Trey Murphy in a points league. To that second question, I I would say maybe Bowen. You know, we had we had Dan Titus, one of one of the great fantasy basketball minds on the the XM show last night. He was pretty optimistic on Volcanovic. I feel like it could go either way. You know, Detroit has been Detroit's been such a disaster. They're 4 and 38 in their last 42 games. They're going for 15 straight losses tonight. So you can kinda see it's like, is Bojan Volcanovic the missing piece? I don't think so. But this is also kind of a delusional franchise that might just throw him in there for 30 minutes tonight and be like, hey. We need we need to raise our floor night tonight. So in a points league, I I think I might give slight favor to Bojan. Just, you know, be prepared for some sort of antics, whether that's like trading him or his role, you know, going all over the place night tonight. You know, the thing with Trey Murphy is he is very 3 point dependent. He's a he's an amazing 3 point shooter. He's high volume. He's over 40%. I I think that should continue. But, you know, the Pelicans are are going to be a fascinating roster once he's back. And again, that could that could come as soon as Friday against the Spurs. He's doubtful to play tonight. I don't think we see him on the court. We will get McCullough back, but but not Murphy, but he should be back within the next 2 or 3 games at worst. At that point, you know, you you got McCullough, you got Jose Alvarado back in the mix. Obviously, Brandon Ingram, Herb Jones, Dyson Daniels, Jordan Hawkins, you know, Matt Ryan might even be a part of this rotation, Najee Marshall, Zion. Like, I I guess the the overall question is, like, is there enough room for Trey Murphy to put up the type of season that he did last year when he saw 31 minutes a game? No. And they put up some great numbers last year, but it's just simply not sustainable. The guys that they've got, that you know are gonna get theirs on that Pelicans squad, he's got the he's got the potential to do it. I think he'll be productive, but to ask for what he was able to produce last year is just simply unrealistic. How much of that comes down to Zion specifically? You know? Because I I think nobody benefited more from Zion playing 29 games than Trey Murphy who played 79 last year. Yeah. It's huge. It's huge. And and Zion's playing well right now, so there's no reason to to limit his minutes, and you're getting McCollum back. Brandon Ingram is gonna get his, and Alvarado. I mean, just we talked about, guys like, Dyson Daniels. I mean, Jordan Hawkins has had positive moments with this team as well. So, it's just there's so many mouths to feed. It's a good problem to have if you're a Pelicans fan, but right now in terms of, overall optimism for Trey Murphy, it it's hard it's hard to get there, but, you know, you certainly like the player. So he's somebody I want on my roster, but I think you gotta keep your expectations in check. Okay. We got a few more, then we'll get out of here. Is Mike Conley a must roster? Depending on your league size, I would say yes. You know, 10, 12 team league. He's probably should be rostered. You know, he's 36 at this point, so you do worry about that catching up to him at some point. But he played 67 games last year. He played 72 the year before. You know, he had some injuries his first couple of years at Utah, but, you know, for the most part, I I think his game should age pretty well. We're we're seeing, you know, more and more guys from from those, like, you know, 2006, 2007, 2008 drafts, you know, play later and later into their careers. You know, the assists are are really the thing you're chasing here, and those have been there for the most part this year. He's been doing pretty well, racking up steals as well. You know, low volume on offense, but he's been pretty efficient. He did take 10 3 pointers last night. I I would say he's a must roster for me. Yeah. Yeah. I like pieces of good teams, and the Minnesota Timberwolves are playing as good as anybody else. I don't know if there's if Anthony Edwards is gonna miss any time. I'm not sure if that's a positive for him or not just because of the Yeah. Distribution that, that you get from Mike Conley, but, you know, usage would certainly be up. Yeah. I like him, and and he's gonna give you a couple steals per game too. Yeah. The one thing with him is the free throws have completely dropped off, and that that happens to point guards later in their career. He is he's not missed a free throw this season, but, he also has know, barely taken any. He's only taken 14 total free throws, in 17 games. So losing some some value there. But in general, I think you you want the assist. You want the steals. You want the dependability. Speaking of Mike Conley, Asar Thompson and Keontae George or OG and Conley in a 9 category league? You know, after, glancing at Keontae George's stats over the last couple of games, I think I might be slightly intoxicated. We're getting a lot of questions about him, but O'Sar Thompson, I love what he's been able to do this year with the Pistons. It seems like I mean, he's a guy that's just gonna give you he's gonna give you defensive production like not a lot of other players certainly at his youth are going to in the NBA. I I don't wanna trade to Sar Thompson, so that makes it easy for me. And I get the scoring with Keontae George, so that's gotta be the side. Yeah. I've got it. It 2 schools of thought here. Right? You got basically 2 rookies versus 2 established veterans who have been, you know, have have the track record who bet better fantasy players throughout their career. But, yeah, it's tough to it's tough to part ways with the star Thompson right now. I mean, in a category league, there's some pitfalls, obviously. You know, the percentages and, you know, the fact that he just can't shoot threes whatsoever is, a problem. But, I think there is a little bit more upside on that side of it. Do you think it's time to get rid of Josh Giddey? My replacement choices are Jaden Ivy, Cole Anthony, and Deandre Hunter. Oh, well, Cole's playing great. Deandre Hunter is playing great. So yeah. I I don't want Ivy. Like, I I know he's playing more lately. I don't I just don't trust the Pistons with him, and he's also a better real life player than fantasy player. So I don't I would not drop giddy for Ivy. And, you know, obviously, there's the off the court stuff that could be a part of this. My read on it right now is, like, I don't I just don't see a suspension or anything coming in the near future. You know, there's all kinds of random reporting. Most of it coming in the near future. You know, there's all kinds of random reporting. Most of it coming from, like, TMZ and BSO. It's not so like, I don't know what to believe with that. But I I think if the Thunder thought this was, like, a major problem that they wouldn't have thrown them out there the other night, you know, to me, that that says a lot that all this, you know, kind of broke over Thanksgiving weekend, and obviously everybody was aware of it and Giddy got asked about it at practice, and they still played him the other night. You know? I I think that would have that would have sent a little bit more fear into me if they if they held him out. I I think they feel pretty confident that he's gonna be on the right side of this, whatever whatever that actually means. But, yeah, I I think Cole Anthony and Deandre Hunter versus Giddey in a vacuum. If we just remove that from the equation, that that becomes a more interesting question. Yeah. I mean, it's not like Giddey you take the off the court stuff out of it, which could become part of the equation, makes this question a lot more a lot easier to answer. But if you remove that, it's not like Giddey's been lighting it up. So Right. I I don't think you probably drafted him. He's not quite living up to his ADP at this point. I think as of I'd have a hard time getting rid of Josh Giddey just because he is such an incredible player, and if there is no suspension, you know, he's probably gonna see much better days ahead than what he's giving you right now. But, yeah, I mean, flip a coin. Cole Anthony, Deandre Hunter, I'd love to roster both of those guys. I would I would go Hunter first, with the caveat that, you know, you got a month here without Jalen Johnson, and that's, I think, when you're really gonna make your make your bones on Hunter, and there's gonna be probably a reduction after that. You know, with with Cole Anthony, you just worry about what happens when Fultz comes back. Yep. Yeah. I I I think his roles his role is pretty much solidified, especially if he if he continues to score the basketball the way that he has, they're not gonna limit his minutes because Markelle Fultz is back in the in the rotation because they play a completely different style. Fultz is gonna distribute, Cole's gonna score, and for a team that struggles on the offensive end, they haven't been lately, but, that's going to be their issue whenever they do end up settling back closer to the mean of what they are. They need what Cole Anthony provides, and he's been a much better defender too. So it's starting to show up a little bit in the stats, but I can just tell you from from watching him up close and personal, it's a it's a part of his game. He's put a lot of Yeah. Energy and emphasis into getting better at. Alright. 2 more. Justin asked Cam Thomas rest of season outlook once he returns. This is so, so difficult because he's such a unique player. You know, Brooklyn, they're hanging around. They're 9 and 8 right now. Like, I think they're going to be in that play and mix. So, ultimately, you know, I I think it's not just gonna be a, alright, go get your number situation. Like, I I think they're still gonna prioritize winning games. Ken Thomas, for what it's worth, did not play last night against Toronto. Seems like he's getting close, could be back Thursday. You know, they play Saturday against Orlando as well. You know, like, when he was going on his run earlier in the season, you know, Cam Cam Johnson had been out of the lineup. They had a few other injuries. You know, Ben Simmons, who knows if or when he's coming back. You know, I when when it comes to Cam Thomas, I mean, it's it's it's an interesting thing from a fantasy perspective because you're really you're really just chasing the points, the threes, and the free throws, which are valuable categories. Right? And I I think even if he's even if he's playing reduced minutes, you know, in a bench role like we saw at times last season, like, he could still pretty easily get you 20 plus a night. So I'm I'm optimistic, man. I mean, I I think he's somebody that we always knew had this ability. And, you know, in the past, they they never really threw him out there. I think there were some defensive concerns, some continuity concerns, but, you know, it was encouraging to me that they they were willing to, you know, play him 30 plus minutes per game to start the year. Yeah. I mean, you are chasing points, but he's also a guy that's worth chasing in that category. There aren't a lot of players in the NBA that can that even have the ability to put up 40 plus, and he is one of them. So I'm a sucker for his production. I think he's somebody I would definitely hang on to target, you know, however it is you're you're viewing that as you look for the outlook. Okay. Last one. Do you think Scoot Henderson could pick it up soon and perhaps be a top 100 player at least this season? And our guy is playing in a 9 category league. I I think we'll see plenty of flashes. I think he will pick it up. I think there will be weeks where he looks really good. I would be pretty surprised if Scoot Henderson finishes the year inside the top 100, especially in a 9 cat league. I don't I don't really see that being the case. You know, I think turnovers are are gonna continue to be an issue. I mean, how many games has he played? He's played 8 games this season. He's had at least 4 turnovers and 5 of those games playing fairly limited minutes. I I just let, you know, the guys around him in in Portland aren't really gonna help, especially when Anthony Simons is back. You know, I think that takes away some of the scoring upside. So I I think we're gonna come out of the season, like, feeling pretty good about Scoot, the player going forward. I don't see us, you know, looking back and saying, wow. What what a great second half. He's, you know, he finished 88th in Fantasy. Like, I just I don't rookie guards in general, like, that it just doesn't happen. Even even rookie guards who play really well, just those those guys don't finish high in Fantasy. Yeah. I know we didn't get a a large look, a large sample of him in the summer league, but what I saw I mean, it just makes me not wanna watch it anymore because I I just get drunk off of this limited information that we have, and he looked amazing. But, yeah, it doesn't necessarily translate to, to the NBA regular season, and he hasn't put it together yet. He's not getting the minutes, and, and we just haven't seen that level of production. So while I certainly believe in the player and he's a guy that I might stubbornly hold on to a little bit longer, the most likely scenario is that he finishes outside of the top 100. Here's some context on that, Brandon. Anthony Edwards as a rookie, 9 category per game value. He finished a 117th. You know? And it's Scott Henderson has the potential maybe for more assists than Anthony Edwards did, but I felt like a a pretty damn good rookie season for Anthony Edwards, and he still finished outside the top 115. Like, it it just doesn't happen very often. Like, rookies in general, but especially rookie guards, you know, and especially in 9 category leagues, you you just don't see many guys step in as, like, really good fantasy assets right away even if the guys are there. Yeah. It's tough. It that that's a hard it's a really hard position to excel in early on in your NBA career. Yep. Okay. We got one more coming in under the gun here from Daniel. Terry Rozier or Miles Bridges, should I keep both or drop 1 to pick up Cam Johnson? He's in an 18 league. That's gonna be fun. You gotta feel pretty good about your roster. I think it's so. I I would not drop Miles Bridges. I think he's got too much upside. I would take him over Cam Johnson. Rozier versus Johnson is is an interesting one, though. Yeah. With the LaMelo ball injury, I don't think I would drop either. Let me see how this one shakes out, and, and and we'll see who ends up with the most production with him not on the floor. But my guess is Rozier is gonna do pretty well, and I agree. Miles Bridges, his upside, he's looked really good as of late. And, and it looks like Steve Clifford's getting more comfortable with involving him in that offense. Yeah. I would probably stick with with those 2. I mean, Rozier versus Cam, I think it's gonna be really, really close. I think for the next month, you might want Rozier. I think for the balance of the season, you might want Cam Johnson. I think the percentages with Cam, you know, that's that's what might sway me. You know, Rozier is not a great free throw shooter, takes a decent amount. Cameron Johnson, you know, could be, like, close to 90% at the line, you know, should be more efficient, you know, as a shooter as well. And, I think Rozier could average more points, but I I think the efficiency with Johnson might push him over the top. So I would I would go K. M. Johnson and Miles Bridges if I'm picking 2 of those 3. Alright, Brandon. Let's get out of here, man. Fun chat with you as always. Thank you to everybody who who gave us some great questions in the chat. We always appreciate that. You could go back. You can listen to the archive version over on YouTube, rotor wire fantasy basketball channel. Please like, subscribe. We're trying to build that out as as big as we can this season. You can also check out the audio version of the pod, on Spotify, on Apple Podcasts, wherever you get your podcast. Brandon, good stuff as always, man. Enjoy your remaining week of Orlando Magic coverage, and we'll check-in next Wednesday. Sounds good. Thank you to all of you for tuning in. Hope everybody had a good, Thanksgiving.