Welcome into the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball pod. We're presented by Underdog. We're presented by FanDuel. I am Nick Whalen joined as I am every Wednesday morning by our guy, Brandon Kravitz, down in Orlando. Brandon, a lot to get to today. We'll we'll talk about some fallout from last night's 5 game slate. Obviously, touch on Joel Embiid. Give you an update on where his MVP odds stand. Let's say they've taken a tumble in the last 12 hours. Then we'll give you a preview, of a big Wednesday night slate, talk some all star, and, of course, take live viewer questions over the second half of the pod. So get those questions in the chat. We will hit those over the final 20, 25 minutes or so of the podcast. Gotta take care of some business first. Underdog Fantasy, number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you have not tried Underdog yet, new users over at Underdog get a free first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with the promo code rwnba. That's rwnba. So if you deposit a $100, you get a $100 to play with on Underdog. Pretty good deal. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today and use that promo code, r w m b a, to claim your free rotor wire subscription and that deposit bonus. FanDuel, tackle 1,000,000 in prizes, all playoffs long in FanDuel Fantasy Contest. There's one playoff game remaining, and it's in like a week and a half, So hurry up on this one. If you're new to fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match up to a $100. Playing fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. Plus, on FanDuel, you could choose from full slate contest with multiple games, single game contest, season long best ball, beginner only. You can set up your own contest with just you and your friends. Basically, whatever you wanna do, you can set it up over on FanDuel, and when you win, you will get paid instantly. So kickoff football season with a 100% deposit match up to a $100. FanDuel.com. Start playing today for huge cash prizes. Alright. That was a lot of talking to begin the episode, Brandon. Let me ask you. How are you? What's going on in your life? I am doing great. Coasting along. I feel like the month of January has lasted, 3 full months. Oh. I can't tell you exactly why. I think it's just, you know, you try and ramp yourself back up. It takes a couple of days, maybe even a couple of weeks, and, and then before you know it, the month is over. So this is, this is where I'm at. That is that that's my old man take of, I think as you get older, you just feel like you feel like sometimes these months just drag along, and, you'll see. You'll get there. I you know, I how old are you? I I can't be that much younger than you. I'm 38. Okay. I'm 31. So alright. Yeah. I guess I guess, technically, if we're going, you know, by by that scale, technically an old man, there's probably people watching being, like, no. Not at all. I would I I think that's cool. YouTube. Nice. You you look like a young 38. I would've guessed like 34. That's great. Thank you. I appreciate that. But, no, I feel good. The weather has been amazing here in in Florida. So, I mean, the fact that I'm I'm wearing a sweater, I get to I get to rock these about, you know, 4 times a year. So, always a good time. Yeah, man. I I escaped to Arizona last week. Actually That's right. Like, right after You had a big trip. So, yeah, man. We played a lot of golf out there, played 54 holes in 2 days, which was fantastic. I played like the worst 2 holes of my life to start. And I had like a mini panic. Like, did I just forget how to play golf? Like, it was like embarrassingly bad. Like, I, you know, pulled out my 7 iron hitting the ball, like, 35 yards. So maybe that's what happens when you haven't swung in a month and a half. You get off a plane, the range is closed, and you just have to walk up to the 1st tee when you're paired with 2 strangers and and just tee it up and and see how it goes. But, yeah, we I'll I'll tell you off air, Brandon. I will just say we were paired up with the wildest 2 man duo I have ever played with in my life. Like in a fun way or in a can I be with anybody else kind of a way? In a fun way, I guess, for them in a, in in a dangerous way in some ways for us, it was it was nuts. I mean, they were they were nice guys, but let's just say they were they were doing some things on the course that I would not ever partake in or advise. So that made for an interesting experience. But the next day was a lot more chill. You know, we we played we got paired up with, like, this 70 year old guy who spent his whole life working as a land surveyor in Alaska. Could not have been more chill. Could not have been more of just a classic golf guy. Where do you stand on that? I know you're not as big of a golfer as me, but I am a staunch. I do not want to be paired up. Like, I wouldn't I would never be that guy that's like, oh, you know, you run into somebody and you're like, oh, just join our group. Like, no. I I wanna either be by myself or with my friends. I am with you 100%. It is one of and and this is probably not good not a good reason to to stay away from the course, especially in the state that I live in where they are readily available and the weather is usually accommodating for it when it's not raining. But that's one of the things that keeps me away from the course. I don't have friends that I would routinely go golfing with. So and I have no problem going by myself, but I live in fear of being paired up for a day with somebody that I don't know. And by the way, so the weather has been so great. I did go out to the driving range last week. I am not a golfer. I own I have a a golf set. It was handed down to me. I have never purchased golf clubs in my life. And I thought, you know what? These are pretty crappy. I'm gonna go into the clubhouse and see if I could get myself a driver. I'm gonna get myself a new driver. Yeah. You're gonna pay $800? Yeah. I I said, so how much is this one? And the guy goes 5.99. And I'm like, there's no way of paying $5.99. So I was like, I meant for the just that club. I'm not talking about the whole bag. And he said, yeah. I don't know how you golf do it. That is insane. I know. I know. I don't wanna spend too much time on golf. I I will say I'm not I'm not like a big equipment guy. I'm not a, you know, upgrade the driver every year. It's a, you know, on a need basis. I don't I would love to, you know, someday be in that position where I can, you know, drop 10 k on clubs every couple of years. But Can I let me ask you something before we get to the very important basketball news? As somebody who has purchased clubs, you know, I I think you probably do well for yourself, but you're not a millionaire. You know? You don't you don't know that. That is true. I don't technically, I have no idea what you've got in your bank account. But when you when you first went to go make that purchase were you just like, forget it. I know that this is this is gonna cost a lot. I'm gonna deal with Mhmm. What I have to incur here and then live with it, or did you, like, go the back channel Craigslist Facebook marketplace route? How did you make that? Because that'd be really hard to make that jump. Yeah. Yeah. I I am a bargain hunter, so I did not I definitely did not pay full price, but I I didn't want I didn't want, like you know, I bought a new driver last winter. So I you know, you get the end of season sale. You buy a model year behind. Right? Basically, right after the new models come out, they'll drop the previous models by like $200. So I think I paid 300, maybe 3.50 for a 1 year previous model driver, a Ping. And it it was worth it to me. I mean, I play enough golf that it was worth it. I've had my irons for a long time, like, you know, 7, 8 years at this point. So, you know, that's I have trouble spending a lot of money on basically anything, but golf is where I will I will make an exception to that rule. Alright. Let's talk to Joel Embiid here. We got a good question in the chat, and this pertains to what we wanted to talk about. Obviously, if you were watching in the late window last night, you saw Joel Embiid writhing in pain, shouting out in pain as Jonathan Kuminga kinda jumped for a loose ball. There were actually a couple of these. You know, Draymond got tangled up with Embiid earlier in the game, kinda dove at his knee. I don't think that was malicious. Yeah. I know there are some tweets going around of like, oh, Draymond wasn't going for the ball. I actually think he was. Embiid just kinda tipped it away at the last second. So I I don't you know, obviously, Draymond doesn't really get the benefit of the doubt, but in that situation, I I don't think he was in the wrong. But Kamiga, you know, kind of landed on Embiid's knee just a one of those freak plays where to me it looked like, you know, Embiid's knee kind of got smashed into the floor. He's gonna get an MRI today. We will see. It certainly, to me, it didn't look that bad in person, but you never know. Either way, Joel Embiid is very much in danger of dropping out of the MVP race. And, you know, our guy, Matt, brings up an interesting question here. Is the 65 game minimum rule for NBA awards helping or hurting us in fantasy? I feel like it's forcing players to play hurt and play fewer minutes. I I think everybody had that thought last night, right, where he ends up playing. It almost feels like he was pressured into it. Right? Like, all the tweets around, the NBA world yesterday are like, man, if he misses this game, he's only got 4 left before he's he's ineligible. I don't know how much that factored in for Embiid. You know, obviously, he's missed time already this season. You know, he missed a couple games before this. He won MVP last year. I don't know if it's as important to him this year as as it was a year ago, but it this is an interesting kind of rub to this NBA rule, which I I was in favor of. Right? I I think, you know, the resting and and whatnot had gotten so out of hand the last couple of years that it felt like the NBA had to do something. And, you know, one of the unintended consequences now is, like, if you're a borderline player like Khabib, who has the numbers to be the MVP, are you now pushing to stay in contention when maybe you shouldn't be out there? What what what say you? Yeah. I say good. I mean, I don't wanna see anybody get hurt, but what you just explained of a guy feeling pressure to go out and play, good. That is what you're supposed to feel when you're a professional athlete. You're paid handsomely to do it. There are fans that are dying to see you in attendance, and your teammates need you. In every other sport, we applaud that. In the NBA, we've gotten to the point where we go, man, it's like caution over everything, and I'm so tired of it. I see it all the time. So yeah, it it's unfortunate that we are in a season where the clear cut MVP is Joel Embiid, and yet he probably won't end up eligible for it. That stinks. Maybe they can go back and and change the the requirement. Maybe 65 is too much, and disqualifies people that would still be worthy. But overall, the, like, the pressure that it puts on players, I think, is a good thing, and the league is winning in that regard even if a player did get hurt. I tend to agree with that. And, you know, it's not like Joel Embiid came out in the Q1 and, you know, is hobbling around and his knees clearly an issue. Like, he, you know, he he obviously lived off after the the coming of play. But that was, you know, that I don't think that had anything to do with the previous knee injury. He just happened to get his knee kind of landed on. Right? Like, I I don't I I don't know if we can draw a through line on that one necessarily, but, you know, it certainly felt like Embiid, you know, he's aware. He's on social media. He's aware of what people are saying about this. I, you know, I I I don't know that we necessarily need this hard disqualification. Like, you cannot win MVP if you play 63 games. Like, I just I wonder, like, how many people are gonna vote for Embiid if he puts you know, let's say he finishes at 58 games played with these numbers and the 65 game rule is not in place. Like, I I do think in general, if you miss that many games, you're probably just not gonna get votes anyway. You know? Like, obviously, a need you know, you almost won rookie of the year playing, like, 29 games his 1st year, but that was a unique situation. I think he was going up against, like, what, Malcolm Brogdon and, like, Michael Carter Williams or something. I I think with how competitive MVP is right now, like, if you have, like, if Giannis, Luca, SGA, Jokic, if those guys are all playing around 70 games and Embiid plays 54 games, I just I think it's gonna kinda work itself out anyway. So we'll see. The NBA has always been flexible with this stuff. I don't think this is just something that's set in stone now forever. But speaking of Embiid's odds, a week ago, plus 120 to win MVP. After last night, he's now 15 to 1. I I wouldn't bet it. I would not bet it. Like, the chances of him missing 5 more games the rest of the way, you know, could could happen in the next 2 weeks. Right. And, yeah, I mean, there's no way you can bet Joel Embiid right now. He's got there's too much time left in the season. You got the injuries, still set to get an MRI. He could be disqualified with just this diagnosis. Never mind whatever is to come in the future. At the end of the year, if their seating is set or they're comfortable where they're at, they could bench him and get ready for the postseason. He has, what, 6 games left to miss. Is that I believe that's the number. He can only miss 6 more. 5 or 6 because he'd obviously, he played last night. That's just not that many. We're not even at the all star break yet. Right. But this is this is the reason why the NBA wanted to set a specific number. You're right. If you missed a certain number of games, voters are gonna use that against you, but they're I think that the NBA is trying to say, let's not put the pressure on the voters here. Let's get the players back out there because the I think we would all agree. The number one issue the NBA has over the last couple of years is load management, and they're just trying to come up with different ways where they can mitigate that. And they came up with this rule, and they came up with the you can't, you can't bench 2 all stars in a nationally televised game, which is so goofy. I know. I mean, never mind the fact that, like, the other day, we had the Nuggets and the 70 sixers go back to Embiid. Embiid was announced inactive 15 minutes before tip-off as was Tyrese Maxey, who isn't an all star yet. So, technically, the 70 sixers didn't break the nationally televised rule, but come on. They did. It's just that, technically, by the letter of the law, they didn't. I think the I think the NBA, not to get too far off track, but they need to adopt more of an NFL rule where you know for a fact, 90 minutes before kickoff, who is available and who is not. None of this oh, he went around he did shoot around 5 minutes before tip-off, and we decided that he's not good to go. In a freak accident, okay, but you gotta get away from that. It's just Yeah. It's it's it's tough. It's tough for people in in our world, and you can't shy away from it. If you're gonna show us gambling ads during your product, then you kinda have to cater to that audience. Fantasy and sports betters are kinda left out in the lurch when it comes to this stuff. Yeah. You're right. And, you know, of course, if Kevin Durant slips on the floor 5 minutes before the game starts and twists his knee, like, in that situation, of course, he's not gonna play. But, no, I I would not be surprised if, you know, a few days from now, we get the, you know, some sort of nominal fine for the sixers for the way they handled the Embiid situation. At least Maxey was on the injury report. I think I think the big issue is that Embiid was cleared from the report. Nick Nurse said pregame, yeah, I think he's gonna play. You know? I I have no reason not to believe that. Like, I I don't I don't even think Dick Nurse was complicit in this. I I think he actually thought a bid was gonna play. And then, you know, like you said, 15 minutes before tip-off, he ends up being scratched. So, yeah, at least gotta put him on the report. You gotta put the possibility out there that he could not play. For sure. We will see. Again, MRI coming for Joel Embiid today. If we get any news, you know, in the next half hour or so, we'll, of course, pass that along. By the way, if I can break in before we move on, I I I found an interesting stat. I was curious. Just did a quick Google search on this. The least amount of games played by a player to win NBA MVP. You'd actually have to go back to a time where we didn't think this was an issue at all. 1998 or maybe that was a strike year. Maybe that was the reason. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. 49 games played by Karl Malone. Okay. Scratch that. Of recent memory, there you've had 2 players that have not hit the 65 game threshold that have won MVP, Giannis in 2019, and LeBron James in 2011. Everybody else has played at least 65 games. Yeah. Well and 2011 was also a strike year, right, where the season started late, and I I think it was a 66 game season. Oh, there you go. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's the only So, really, it's one, and Embiid won. Last year, he he met the threshold. That rule was in existence. He played 66 games last year. So, yeah, maybe this is and this is important information to know. When you start to form your own opinion of what the the NBA should do, 65 looks like a pretty good number because we just don't have a lot of examples of guys winning the MVP outside of strike seasons, apparently. Well, even less than that. Even the honest example, I think that was the COVID short season when they played 72 games. Right? So, I mean, there's just there's really no precedent for it in a in an actual 82 game season. So Oh, jeez. Yeah. You're right. Right. Yeah. So there's Great recall, by the way. Oh, look. I, I follow the NBA. Let's let's just say that. Good point here too before we move on by Matt, that Tyrese Haliburton could lose 40,000,000 in bonus money, which I agree with Matt. I mean, I we saw it last night. I mean, this was kind of a crazy move. Pacers were down big to Boston. They rally back in the Q3. It was like a 3 point game, and then we get an announcement with a minute left in the Q3 that Halliburton is on a minute's limit and will not play the rest of the game. Pacers ended up keeping it close. You do wonder, of course, if they win that game if Halliburton plays. And it sounds like that's gonna continue for at least a few more games. And you got to you know, in order for Halliburton to get that $40,000,000 bonus, he needs to make all NBA. And you can't make all NBA if you don't play at least 65 games. And you also the other caveat here is you have to play at least 20 minutes per game in those 65. So there's there's kind of like a minutes threshold that's tied into this as well. Anyway, enough load management talk. I want to talk about the Knicks real quickly. They're down 2 starters. They're down Julius Randle. I would think at least through the all star break. You know, I think it's actually as far as good timing to dislocate your shoulder, you know, when you got an 8 day break built into this timetable, kind of a good time for it to happen. You you would hope you'll be back in late February. They've been without OG and Anobi for these last two nights as well. Played it back to back on Monday Tuesday. Came away with 2 wins over Charlotte and Utah. We've we saw them, you know, start Precious Chichua. Next, Isaiah Hartenstein. Josh Hart moved into the starting lineup. Dante DiVincenzo has been on fire these last two games. 28 against Charlotte, and then 9 three pointers last night in that win over Utah. And as we expected, you know, Jalen Brunson has has obviously been the the heart and soul of this team all season, but without Julius Randle stepping up to an even larger degree and, you know, Achua is somebody I was telling Alex on Monday, I paid up for him in in Stake League. I, you know, I think I put 5 or $6 in out of a $100 budget, which is dwindling for me as this year goes along. I'm really hoping that pays off. You know, if I can get a month of a precious Achua, you know, giving me 12 points and and 8 rebounds and a couple blocks per game, I think that's gonna be super valuable and played 40 minutes last night. Yeah. Tom Thibodeaux bigs are always gonna be a factor, just the way that they play, that kinda clang and bang style. And Precious Ochua is a big physical body that can take advantage of situations like this. Surprised the rebounding totals haven't been higher, but you love what you're seeing in terms of the scoring department. And I don't blame you, helping to keep a a red hot Knicks team afloat. It's amazing. Sometimes you get these teams that they just catch fire, and it almost doesn't matter who is in and out of the lineup. They have, they just have it rolling right now in New York, and they're solidifying their spot. They're they're playing so well. They're they're probably gonna end up a top 4 team in the east at the end of the day. Yeah. They have not missed a beat, man. And, you know, I think when you lose someone like Randle, you're not a better team, but I think they could be a better defensive team without him. And, you know, I think the the benefit to losing a player for, like, a month as opposed to a season ending injury is you get more reps for some of these guys you're gonna need later in the season. Right? It's like, I I don't know if it's necessarily a bad thing. It's like, alright, Preston, just a chew up. This is your time. You're playing 35 minutes tonight for the next month. Josh Hart, you're doing the same. You played 43 last night. I mean, that part of that is just Tibbs being Tibbs. But, you know, you're you're getting guys a little bit more seasoning. You know, obviously, they they've had to, you know, hand some more minutes to Jericho Sims. Miles McBride has been in the mix. Quentin Grimes playing more minutes as well. And I I think that could pay dividends later in the year, you know, when when when push really comes to shove. Let's talk a little all star here, Brandon. And, you know, we had the starters announced this past week, Thursday. Giannis, Embiid, Tatum, Halliburton, Lillard in the east. No major surprises there, although I I thought it would be Brunson over Lillard. I thought narrative wise, it's really felt like Brunson's had the better season. I I thought he was more deserving, to be honest. But, you know, it's Damian Miller. They can't really quibble too much about that. In the west, LeBron, KD, Jokic, Doncic, SGA. Again, no surprises there. Although, you know, I listen to a ton of pods and and read a bunch of stuff as you do. I was surprised how many people are like, yeah, I I think LeBron might not even make the game. You know, it's like if he had not been voted in, which, you know, he was the leading vote getter for, like, the it feels like the 28th year in a row. I think there are people that are prepared to leave him off given where the Lakers sit in the standings. But, we knew we knew in the west specifically, the battle for the starting spots would be insane. You know, obviously, Kawhi Leonard, super deserving. I think he's a shoe in, you know, to to make it as a reserve. But it's gonna be really, really interesting to see where those spots end up going. I mean, we're gonna have, like, 6, 7, 8 guys in the west who I would say in a, quote, unquote, normal year, or maybe a a more diluted NBA would be shoo ins for this. Yeah. The, the snubs list articles are gonna get a lot of clicks this year because you have some good ones, I think, in both conferences, but certainly in the west. The NBA media nerds, and I'll put us in that group too, have to remember what the all star game is all about. LeBron James, as long as he is playing well, will be an all star until the day he retires as he should be. He is what the all star game is all about, and that's why I'm not gonna quibble too much about him being a starter. But if you wanted to get technical with it, then his teammate should be the the, the starting front court player that represents the Lakers, not him. Anthony Davis has played more games. He's got better averages. He's a better defender. So Davis to me would be the starter, but it's LeBron James, so I think we should all quickly get over that. What happens with some of these bench guys? And do and for the similar reasons, even though it's year 1 of his career, can you find a way to wedge Victor Wimpanyama into the all star game? That's it's probably there are probably not enough spots, but, I mean, his numbers are ridiculous, and his popularity is off the charts. So when you start to combine those things, statistically, it's not crazy. And in terms of the notoriety that would it would bring to the game, which is what it is all about at the end of the day, I wonder if he becomes part of that conversation. He's in the conversation. No question. I just think it's too competitive this year for somebody on literally the worst team in the Western Conference to get in. I mean, he has the numbers. He's been as advertised. I think in some ways, he's been better than advertised. If there was ever a rookie who was going to do it in in general, like even the best rookies have a really tough time making the all star games. Like, you know, LeBron had as much hype as anybody coming in. He didn't make the all star game his rookie year. I don't think it's happening. I I just I don't think you can justify it on a 10 and 30 17, which is not Wenmeid Yamah's fault by any means. I I think he had to be I think he would have had to be voted in. And he was he was 8th in the fan vote in the Western Conference. And look, you know, LeBron, Jokic and KD, it's like those guys are going to outvote him no matter what. But I just I think it's too competitive. You know, you look right now, it's like Minnesota, they have 3 deserving all stars. I think they I think they might only get 1. You know, I think Edwards makes it. I don't know. I mean, Gobert will get some votes. Yeah. He could be maybe the last guy in. I don't really think talent has the a ton of support right now. You know, Jamal Murray is deserving in Denver. I don't think he gets in either. OKC, you know, there's bets of Jalen Williams, all star buzz. You know, obviously, Chet Holmgren is is in the mix as well. I don't think either of those guys make it. I think Kawhi and Paul George are deserving. I mean, Kawhi for sure. And, you know, I think Paul George has actually been super underrated so far this season. I think both of those guys get in. I think you have to choose one of the Kings guys. It's probably Sabonis for me. Yeah. For sure. I hope both of them make it. I think they're both deserving, but then you get into, you know, Devin Booker kind of feels like he's gonna get a spot. Anthony Davis is gonna be a reserve, you know, marketing in Shangoon. And then the really interesting one to me is Stephen Curry. I will be shocked shocked if Stephen Curry is not selected as a reserve, but this is the shakiest case he's had in his in really in his entire career, dating all the way back to, like, 2012. Yeah. But it's still Steph Curry, and he is he is helping he is the only reason why that Golden State Warriors team is still afloat. Look at what he was able to do last night. Knock down 8 threes. It's not like this guy's going anywhere. So Curry's a I think Curry is a lock to be an all star. Anthony Edwards, I put him in that conversation as well. Do you get both Clippers guys in? Because then that opens up a spot. Paul George and Kawhi Leonard, probably both all stars. Devin Booker, I would be a lock, and Anthony Davis. And so you really only have about 2 spots to quibble about when it comes to all those other names that you just mentioned. Yeah. So my locks would be Davis, Kawhi, George, Curry and Edwards. And that's that's more when I say lock, that's like what I think will happen, not necessarily who I would pick, although I would have those guys. So you're right. It's it's really 2 spots for, you know, I mean, we haven't even talked about James Harden, who I think is absolutely deserving. And, you know, the Clippers surging to 30 and 15 and, you know, knocking on the door of the 3 seed in the West, I think helps his case. Again, I don't think the Clippers get 3, but wouldn't surprise me. Again, Harden deserving. You get you got 2 spots for, you know, Harden, Kyrie, Fox, Sabonis, Booker, Murray, Shangoun. If you wanna throw Wabanuyama in there, you can. Towns, Gobert. I you know, I don't think Jaren Jackson really has a case. Obviously, nobody in Portland has a case. You know, New Orleans is an interesting one because, you know, they're they're sitting in 8th right now. They're 5 games over 500. I just I don't I I don't think anybody's had a a good enough individual season. You know, Zia's been good. Ingram's been good. McCall's been good. Valjus has been good. I I just I don't know if any of those guys have the statistical case. Right. Yeah. And you I mean, the NBA would love to get Zion in the all star game, but there's the there's just way too much competition for that. It is tough because do you do you look at this through the lens of it's just simply the most deserving, and that's it. That's it. Yeah. Period. End of sentence. Or is it most deserving with the most fan appeal? This is still an all star game. This is not an all NBA list, and that's where I go back to somebody like Wimbin Yama. If you're trying to tell the story of the first half of the season and do it with the biggest stars that have played well enough to where it's not a joke if you let them in. Like, it would have been if Jeremy Lin was an all star back when he went off with the Knicks. Right. That's where I'd have a hard time leaving Wim Biniyama off if I were among the folks that vote for this. Yeah. The the but but Sabonis, I think Sabonis should be in both of the Clippers guys. So it really comes down to that, like, that go bare spot. There's there's really one spot for me where I have no idea what they're gonna do, and it would be between, Rudy Gobert, Sabonis, De'Aaron Fox, Victor Wimpanyama, Lori Markkanen. Like, though, that would kinda be my group. I think I don't think Markkanen quite has the case. You know, as fun as the Jazz have been for the last month. I if if if He's got a rough few games as of late too. Yeah. I would I would rather see Fox with Sabonis in. I think those guys are are deserving. I don't think he could really knock the team record. The stats have been incredible. I mean, it it just it really feels like both of those guys are having all star caliber season. So that's where I would lean. The east to me, I'd I'd like to say it's a little more straightforward, but I I still think those, like, those last two spots are also gonna be interesting. You know, I think, like, Jalen Brown's in. Jalen Brunson absolutely has to be in. Then you're at 7. Donovan Mitchell, 8. Maxey, 9. That is where I draw the line as far as guys that have to be in. After that, you know, did did the Heat get somebody? Is is it Adebayo? Is it Butler? You know, both both guys have kind of missed time. I I would probably lean out of Bio. It feels like Miami gets one. You know, Paulo Banchero, I think I think he's got a chance here. You know, I think if we had taken the vote like a month ago, he would be a lock. But I I think he's got a pretty good chance. You know, DeBart Rosen's in the mix. Trae Young, I have no idea. Like he he he finished pretty high, in the, you know, in the initial voting. He was 4th among these cards. Number 2 number 2 in the fan rank, number 6 in the player and the media ranks. So that's ultimately what did him in. But, yep, Trae Young's still very popular despite being a little more polarizing in in NBA circles. And then he got, you know, Scottie Barnes, Pascal Siakam as a couple of guys who could sneak in as well. Yeah. I I think Paolo gets in as as somebody that is, like, it's it's easier to slide him in without debate with that Julius Randle injury. When I was looking at this, we've talked about this a lot on my sports show in Orlando. How does Paolo get in? Because there's a there is that clog with the 7 bench spots. Julius Randle getting hurt, I think, opens that door wide open. And and then, yeah, you have that debate about the heat guys. Jimmy Butler is the bigger star. I still think that matters, so I'll use the same argument. Jimmy Butler is one of the it guys in the NBA. He's had a good enough year to this point to be an all star without making a mockery of it, so you put him in. Tyrese Maxey has been amazing this season. So if he's healthy, you go ahead and throw him in there as well. Trae Young I mean, Trae Young got the fan vote. That has to matter. That stuff has to matter. But, I mean, I think Dejounte Murray has been a better player this year. Yeah. But that that stuff, when you're when you're into coin flip mode, the fan vote, I think, should matter a lot. And if fans wanna see Trae Young, then Trae Young should be in the all star game. Power to the fans. Yeah. Keith, bro. I don't know what to tell you. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. I don't I don't think the team success thing is gonna be as big of an issue in the east because, you know, I think it's pretty pretty obvious, like, who's gonna make it from the good teams. And like I said, Randall might you know, Randall could get in and then, you know, that spot rolls over and becomes a replacement. So it's, you know, kind of a wash as far as somebody like Banchero, you know, whether he's actually technically in or just is the replacement for Randall. But, you know, it's like Indiana's not getting more than one. I don't think the sixers have a case for anybody besides Embiid and Maxey. You know, Jared Allen is in that discussion. You could you could say maybe Brook Lopez for the Bucks. I I don't I don't really think either of those guys get in. I think Allen probably would get in over Lopez. And, you know, obviously, Miami doesn't necessarily feel deserving of 2. And, you know, Orlando love Franz Wagner. Don't think he's quite gonna be an all star this season. Alright. Let's, let's answer a few questions here. Keep those coming in the chat, guys. We will continue to hit these as we finish up the pod. Mal says trade KD, question mark. We've got a lot of, you know, should I trade Durant? Should I trade Davis? Should I trade LeBron? You know, even Steph Curry has come up in that discussion. Some of these veterans who've been injured in recent years. For the most part, you know, across the league, I think this has been like a best case scenario health season for a lot of guys who've been shaky in recent years, like Kawhi, Paul George, they played as many games as possible. I think LeBron's only missed like 4 or 5 games on the year. Last night was only Anthony Davis's 3rd missed game of the entire season. KD's only missed 7. You know, he hasn't had one long absence. He's been 2 games here, 2 games here, 3 games there. And he hasn't missed a game, you know, since January 5th. I I would probably continue to try to ride this out with KD. I mean, if you if you're trading him like any elite player, you gotta be getting a pretty big package back. Right? Like, you're either trading him straight up for another top ten guy or you're packaging, you know, 2 borderline elite players and you're sending out Kevin Durant, I I would just say, you know, if if you're putting them out there, if you're Kevin Durant owner and you're you're initiating that trade, aim high. Aim high. Do not do not start with, like, oh, I think they'll accept this. Like, you know, go maybe go a level up, make somebody say no. Yeah. I completely agree with that. I I do think Kevin Durant is saving himself a little bit for the playoffs when you get to where he is in his NBA career. You know what the regular season is. It's just 1 giant tune up, and this team is good enough to win the championship with the talent they have. So I see a Kevin Durant that he's playing, and he's actually played more games than the other 2 in the big three. He's played more games than Devin Booker. He's definitely played more games than Bradley Beal. But when they're all out there, I think he's comfortable taking a back seat role, and that can impact things in the fantasy department. But, you know, you don't need to go selling that to the person that you're trying to trade with. So Nick is right. He's still Kevin Durant. You gotta you gotta have somebody that's willing to pay the premium for him. Our guy, Dithya, over in Indonesia, he said, you know, what what up, Nick and Brandon? Shout out from Indonesia. Appreciate the the global reach of the World of Fire Fantasy Basketball Pod. First of all, he said his golf set was handed down from his dad. No way. He's paying for a new set. He's just a casual on occasion golfer only. Yeah. Golf is crazy expensive, dude. Do you want a, like, a nice full set? We're talking, like, 5 k. So, I'm with you on that. So it's 5 k I had no idea. I'm I had no idea. 38 years old. This is the the year that I learned it costs that much to own a new set of clubs. We're talking well, you could get a nice set for cheaper than that. But if you want, you know, if you want the new title set, yeah, it's going to cost you. Crazy. Aditi also asks on the basketball side of things, is Paul Reed now a must grab? I, you know, I would obviously like to to wait for news on Embiid if this ends up being nothing and he's back in the lineup later this week. Yeah. Their next game is tomorrow at Utah, then they play Saturday against Brooklyn. They do have a 4 game week coming up the following week. But, yeah, if especially if you're in a somewhat deeper league, you know, 12 team or above, probably. Yeah. I mean, Paul Reed, historically, it's like unless Joel Embiid's out, he can pretty much be ignored. He almost never plays enough minutes when it beats out there for him to matter. But when Embiid's out, I mean, we've seen you know, we had that big game against Denver over the weekend, 30 and 13 with 2 steals. That was really the game of his life, probably the best game he's ever played. Yep. The numbers haven't been, like, fantastic in in the other games that Embiid's missed. Like, even factoring in that 30 and 13 game in 10 games that Paul Reed has started this season, he's averaging 12 and a half points, 6.7 rebounds, 2 assists, 1.2 steals, 1.3 blocks. Very good. You know, definitely good enough that you want him out there, but it's not like he's just a guaranteed, like, you know, 2013 without Embiid every single night. So, if you're thinking Joel Embiid's gonna miss time, and, of course, we don't know quite yet, I would say, yeah. You know, I I I think in most leagues, he's gonna go he's gonna be scooped up. So if you don't grab him, somebody else will. Yeah. I mean, he's definitely worth being grabbed, but keep your expectations in check. If you're just going and I know that was a nationally televised game. Maybe we we all paid a little bit more attention to that one collectively against Denver, that highlight spot on ESPN, but that is not who Paul Reed is. 21 shot attempts in that game. The highest total he had reached in any other game this season was 12. So the there's just a volume factor that's not typically there. I don't know what got into those guys in Denver. They almost won that game, but, just keep your expectations in check. But, yeah, if Embiid is gonna miss real time, I think you have to you have to consider him a pickup. Pedro says the Randall status is weeks, not months, but should we expect at least 4 weeks? I would say yes. I mean, we're we're not injury experts per se, but we we've seen a lot of injuries over the years. You know, that's kinda how I I came up at Road to Wire. It's just, you know, monitoring the the newswire. You kinda get a sense for this stuff. You know, it's it's never a one to one comparison as far as, alright, dislocated shoulder that equals x amount of time. But, yeah, I I think 4 weeks sounds about right, and that's factoring in the all star break. Keep that in mind. So, you know, this week would be 1 week, next week would be 2 weeks, 3 weeks would be the week before the all star break when the Knicks only have 2 games, and then that 4th week would be coming out of the all star break when they also have 2 games. You know, teams resume play on that Thursday, 22nd. So I think best case, he's back on the 22nd at Philly. You know, worst case, maybe it's it's like he's back for that 5th week at the end of February. But I don't I don't think we're talking months here, for Randall. You know, I I think teams, you know, sometimes they could be a little optimistic when they hand down a timetable, but I I think, you know, if this was gonna be a 2 to 3 month thing, I I think they would have told us. So I'm I'm gonna, you know, base my opinion off that information, and and my guess is that he's back, you know, before the end of February. So either that, you know, 22nd, 24th, 26th, somewhere in that range. Yeah. And good news is that dislocated shoulder is one of those injuries that once it's healed, it's healed. You know, it's, it's not one of those things where you need a big ramp up period, like some of those soft tissue injuries. So I would I would say a month definitely prepare yourself for a month. That sounds about right. Yeah. I I think I think that's about, what I would expect as well. Alright. Good question here from Abe. He's talking about a points league, and he asked, quick question. LeBron James for Jamal Murray and Cade Cunningham. Who wins that deal? So anytime we get a points league question, on Mondays, Alex likes to point out, just do the math. Right? I mean, points leagues, it can be a little bit more simple. You know, all leagues are different as far as, you know, what what point values you assign for each stat category. But in category leagues, you know, you're worried about percentages and stuff like that. In points leagues, it's just going to add up to fantasy points. So, so far this season, LeBron James, this is going off of the, like, official nba.com scoring. He's at about 48 fantasy points per game in points leagues. Cade Cunningham at about 38. Jamal Murray is at about 38 as well. Almost exactly the same production as Cade. So in that story format, that would tell you that Murray plus Kade is more valuable than LeBron. I'm skeptical, though. Yeah. Because, you know, we've seen enough evidence now over the years that LeBron is good for it. Jamal Murray is great in his role, but this is very much Nikola Jokic's team, and Murray's stats can kind of rise and fall with what the team needs from him. And Kate Cunningham plays on a Pistons team that we can't trust at all moving forward with how they're gonna manage their business. So Yeah. I'm a little bit nervous about what you're taking on when you have LeBron who based on the ranking I'm looking at total points. He's 8th in the in the league in in terms of fantasy points scored this year. I'm just not trying to trade that away right now. I know he's gonna have his days where he doesn't play, but, it's LeBron James. And if he's if he's healthy, he's he's he's playing. Alright. Well, we'll disagree on that one. I would take that trade. I think in a points league, I would do it. In a category league, I would think a little bit more deeply. SFK 13 says hello from Australia. What do you guys think about Maxey for Jalen Johnson? Yeah. I know Maxey's cooled off a little bit. Obviously, he's injured right now. Jalen Johnson looks great. I would still rather have Maxey. I I think he's he's got a little more upside going forward. You know, we'll see if the Hawks make a change at the deadline. You know, there's a world in which Jalen Johnson, you know, kind of becomes the the number 2, maybe that's a little bit closer the rest of the way, but I I would still prefer Maxey. Yeah. Definitely wanna keep Maxey on my squad and and more of an offensive load that'll be on his shoulders if Joel Embiid ends up having to miss some extra time. So, he is, like we just talked about, a bonafide all star this year. Legitimately love Jalen Johnson and what he's been able to do this season, but Tyrese Maxey's the guy. Should I drop Kuminga to take Ben Simmons off my IR today? 10 team head to head Yahoo Points League. Matt is currently in 1st. Nice. Props to you, Matt. And I'm in a close matchup with a second place team. I was streaming that spot before I picked up Kuminga. So it's basically, who would you rather have, Kuminga or Ben Simmons? And, you know, obviously, in deeper leagues, both of these guys, very rosterable. You know, Simmons, if he plays like he did the other night, even startable. I mean, Kuminga has been been really good lately, and he was good again last night against Philly, 26, 7, and 2 with 3 steals and a block. So I personally would stick with Kuminga. That is just me. I don't really trust Ben Simmons at all to stay healthy. You know, again, he looked great on Monday. It looked way better than I expected, especially after the long layoff. If he miraculously stays healthy, he's probably the better option in a points league, but I'm I'm not really pumped down Kamiga right now, man. Last 7 games, 25.7 rebounds, 1.3 steals, about a half a block, 61% from the field, started to shoot it much better from 3 as well. So this is a tough question, but I would I would stick with Kamingo. Yeah. Hard to look away from Kamingo right now and what he's doing. Part of that starting lineup for a Golden State team that's trying to find life anywhere, and it seems like they've found it. And the guy that they invested a heavy draft pick in just a couple of years ago, no chance I'm moving off of him. Like you said, Ben Simmons, maybe the least trustworthy player in the entire NBA. What exactly are you chasing, that that Kuminga isn't giving you Yeah. From from Ben Simmons? That's what I mean, a few more rebounds, maybe. Well, I mean, Simmons again, if he plays like he did in a one game sample on Monday, he's a nightly triple double guy. Right? I mean, what do they have? Like, just like, 11, 12, and 8 or something like that? I mean, it's it's a debate. It just matters how much you trust Ben Simmons, in my opinion, is that I do not trust him. David says, is Wiggins finally back to his old self and good to pick up? I mean, he's he is having his best week and a half of the season by a mile. Put up 23 last night. That was his best scoring output since mid December. Last 5 games, 18 points, 4 and a half rebounds, 2 and a half assists, a steal and a block. I'd like to see a little more before we we just say that he's, like, back. But, you know, there were rumblings early in the season that he he showed up out of shape. You know, maybe he had to kinda play himself into that condition. I would say in, like, anything bigger than a 12 team league, yeah, you could you could definitely pick him up. And even even in a 12 team, he probably should be rostered at this point. His his roster rate is up to 66% on Yahoo. Yeah. Feels like a rosterable player, but the the sample of him being really good again is very small. So I would be willing to cut ties if he dips back to the 7 4 and 1 guy that he was not too long ago. Alright. We'll hit a few more of these. I got, like, 2 or 3 more minutes. We'll go rapid fire here. Crowd silencer says, would you trade Gidi for Trey Jones? 10 team points league. So you just can't be patient with Gidi anymore. I think so. Yeah. I mean, if if if the Spurs you know, they're finally kind of doing the right thing with then having a real point guard out there. It's it's changed the calculus. They've been more competitive. Wamegamo's look great ever since Trey Jones entered the starting lineup. I I think I would I would go with Trey Jones. I think he's given you about the production you'd expect since he's been starting. He's playing almost exactly 30 minutes a game. You know, you could argue that Giddey maybe has a little more upside, but we just haven't really seen that this year. Yeah. And maybe Giddey gets more run if Jalen Williams is out for an extended period of time, but I also don't know what the timeline is on that. I'm with you. I like the the the shakeup that pop has gone with with this Spurs team, and, and you know the assists are gonna be there. That's what he specializes in, and and, and he certainly got a big target there down low. Will Clarkson or Sexton be traded at the deadline? Is it good to stash Keontae George prior to the deadline as Albert? I think it's more likely that that Clarkson ends up being dealt. I think he's the guy they'd rather part with. You know, Sexton's played well, for really most of the season, but especially the last month or so. I think both guys have appeal. Right? And it just totally depends what Utah wants to do. They're sitting in 10th right now, and that's gonna be a dogfight for really those, like, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 spots going down to the warriors at 12. So if Utah yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if they just stand pat and and kinda run with this unit. It's not like you're gonna get a ton for Clarkson anyway, but I I think it's more likely of the 2 that Clarkson is dealt. Yeah. And, you know, I'm looking at Jordan Clarkson's contract situation. This is a guy that, would become an unrestricted free agent after next year. Of course, that helps in the trade department and and could also help the overall value that you get back if you're the Utah Jazz. Collin Sexton has played himself into a role where I think he's part of what they would like to build their team around. That's how well he's been playing, but Clarkson does feel like the odd man out. And and, yeah, I guess that makes the second part of the, the question thumbs up in terms of stashing Keontae George because he would certainly be more of a factor. Yeah. 2 more years left on Clarkson's deal, but it's, you know, it's 2 for 28, which is, like, a pretty big bargain at this point, with with where NBA salaries are going. So I don't I don't really see that as an albatross by any means. Alright. Couple more, and then we're out of here. Scarlett says Fox and Lively or Maxey? So would you trade Fox and Lively for Tyrese Maxey in a 9 category league? Struggle with that one. I think I would keep Fox and Lively. I think so too. Yeah. I mean, Fox and Maxi are, like, almost a dead even matchup if you're just looking at fantasy value so far this season. And, you know, Lively ranks a little bit lower than you'd expect. You know, the free throw percentage kind of drags him down even though it doesn't take that many. You know, he wasn't blocking a ton of shots early on, but, yeah, yeah, I think it's close enough between Fox and Maxey. Like, I think I maybe would rather have Maxey, but if you're saying that I have to give up LiveWay to get him, then I would just hold those 2. Right. And I would I would think without looking at it, the that Derek Lively doesn't take a lot of shots that are that are far away from the rim, so he's not, you know, he's not hurting you in terms of field goal percentage. Yeah. Lively, by the way, out tonight. No Kyrie, no Luca, and no Lively for the Mavs as they take on the Timberwolves. Alright. 2 more. Scarlett also says, Trey Murphy, is he a hold in 9 category leagues? The answer to me is how deep is your league? 14 and above? Maybe not. Or maybe then I would say yes. Sorry. 14 or below or 12 or below. Maybe not. It's been a little disappointing. You know, the the fellas just kinda have too many guys in some ways. And, you know, he's still playing a decent amount of minutes, but, you know, the usage hasn't really been there. He's kind of 3 point dependent. You know, he's took 10 threes, against Boston on Monday. So it's like it's just a matter of is he is he going 2 for 10, or is he going, you know, 4 for 10 or 5 for 9, which is is in the realm of possibility on any given night. The shooting has been cold lately. You know, he's under 30% in his last 10 games, but I do think in general, and and Scarlett says this is a 16 team league, I would hold him there. He's gonna be picked up if you drop him. For sure. Yeah. I mean, this is a guy that does not get to the free throw line. Amazing outlier over the last month. He had a game against the Dallas Mavericks about 15 days ago where he shot 12 free throws. But not not a guy that gets to the line, and when he does, he doesn't shoot it at a high clip. So that, you know, that would hurt you. Mhmm. And, yeah, just not what he was last year. I think they needed him to step up and play a bigger role, and that's just not what is called upon this year because they've been Yep. They've been fairly healthy. Alright. Here's a good one to end on from Pedro. Can you tell me your top 3 stash players based on guys you feel are going to be traded? So he gives us an example. He said he's holding Onyeka kungwu, of course, hoping that Clint Capela could be dealt. Capela is going to be really interesting. I think he should be traded. I think it would make a ton of sense. I you know, it's like what team would be interested? It's like would who needs a big man? Right? Like, would Golden States entertain that? You know, obviously, they've they've kind of been needy at center. You look around it at some of the other teams out west. It's like I don't think the Clippers could really bring him in, but certainly they could use a guy like that, you know, OKC, team that would that would maybe use some center depth. But yeah, man. I'm holding Okang Woo in, like, every long term league that I play in. I absolutely love him. I think that the time will come where that will pay off. They gave him an extension for a reason. So he's he's a pretty good place to start. I think the Hawks in general are a pretty good team to look at for for later season value. You know, I think Chicago would be another one. It's like if Zach LaVine gets dealt, you know, the obvious name, I guess, would be Desumu. But, like, even when he's played big minutes this year, he's been pretty disappointing. You know, he's just kinda like a worse version of Jaden Ivy to me. But, you know, if if you're handing him 35 plus minutes a game, you know, I think then he becomes valuable. So he'd be on the list for me. You know, the Jazz, if they were to deal Jordan Clarkson, I don't you know, it's like I I guess we'd we'd see more Kean DeJorge. We kinda saw that early in the season. We'll probably see more Aq Baggio. We'll see more THT. I'm not really fired up about those guys. Yeah. It's, you know, it's tough to come up with a list on the fly of the of the stash candidates, but, you know, depending on on how deep your league is, if if Scoot Henderson is kinda on and off rosters, a guy like that, Malcolm Brogdon, I think is most likely gonna get traded, and then you'll see Scoot get a ton of minutes after that. Yeah. Let's see what else you have. I would throw and this is, you know, deep leagues only. You gotta see it's like, you know, Nick Smith, who is a, you know, 1st round pick, big time high school prospect, you know, somebody who kinda had, like, an up and down injured season at Arkansas. If if the the Hornets turn into FireSale team, you know, Gordon Hayward, you know, Miles Bridges, basically anybody but LaMelo and Brandon Miller, I think could be on the table for them. Yeah. That's one of those guys that you could see maybe having a run at the end of the year, but, you know, I I think he's probably a more effective real life player than Fantasy. So you're digging a little bit deep there. There just there really aren't that many sellers. That's the thing. Right? It's like I I think in the west, we just talked about. There's 12 teams that wanna make the playoffs right now. It's like Memphis. They don't really have anything to sell, and they're basically down to their their young guys already. Talked about Portland. I think Brogdon's the obvious one. Scoot, I think, has this moment at some point later in the year. I don't think really the Spurs have much to sell. You know, Washington's kinda stuck where they are. Detroit, I mean, they're already down to their young guys too. Charlotte, Chicago, Atlanta, Portland, those are probably your big sellers in the NBA. So if you just wanna look at those rosters and see who would become available, or or who would step up in, in the absence of of who gets dealt. You know, you could look at that route. The the problem that I have with getting too deep into the weeds with that sort of projection of who would step up in another player's absence when it's not someone that's obvious, like Malcolm Brogdon leaves. They they drafted Scoot early. Obviously, they're gonna give him that role is you don't know who's coming back. And so you could stash a guy that ends up getting usurped from the guy that they just traded for. You just Yeah. You'd never know how these rotations are gonna bear out. So Yeah. While it is a savvy thing to do to look ahead, I think sometimes we can, we can overthink it a little bit. Yeah. The last two names I'll throw out before we go would be both Thompsons. I I think, you know, Detroit is is a team that has for as weird as this roster is, you know, they they have a couple of guys that that, you know, Alperks, for example, Joe Harris, who's not really been playing for them. And then the most obvious one being Bogdanovic. You know, if they were to part ways with him, you know, that's 33 minutes tonight that become available. And I think I think we do see a late season, a star Thompson resurgence. And then Houston to me, you know, they're on the borderline. They could sell. I don't think they'll be a buyer. They could just stand pat. But, you know, you got Ahmed Thompson, you got Cam Whitmore. You know, both guys have have looked pretty good when they've had the minutes. Has looked great. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And it's like if I don't know that I don't think they really trade Dillon Brooks. 1, I don't think there's a market for him. 2, we just signed a contract. You're not you're not trading Jabari Smith. I don't think they're trading Jalen Green. You know, that was out there early in the season, but he's played better lately. We kind of kind of crazy to punt on him, in my opinion. But, you know, do they thin out that depth at all? You know, it did it's like, you know, Jayshawn Tate, somebody like that. You know, Jeff Green, veteran who's been playing a decent amount of minutes. Even just removing, like, one of those guys from the clutter, I think could could help Ahmen Thompson. And even if they don't make a trade, I think we see more Ahmen down the stretch, especially if Houston falls back and, you know, they're they're just kinda hanging around the play in zone. Yeah. You forget what kind of pedigree Ahmed Thompson had. Right? I think the injury early on clouded, you know, kind of felt like he got off of the slow start. It was basically because he just didn't play in November December. And, you know, there's, I think, sky high expectations for this guy. So both Thompsons are guys that I would keep an eye on as well. Brandon, good stuff as always, man. Always appreciate. Love doing this pod with you. Every single Wednesday, you could find us at 10:30 AM EST right here on this stream. Your Magic, they're on the road right now. They're they're at San Antonio tonight. They they play at Minnesota on Friday. So I know you got a little bit of a time off as far as being at the arena, but enjoy those games, man, and looking forward to doing this next Wednesday.