Hey, everybody. I'm Steve Alexander. Doctor a. This is the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. That is my newish oldest friend, Carly Carden, and we're gonna talk hoops. We're gonna talk about Monty being upset after, a no call on Monday night, and we're gonna do it right after this sweet jam. Hello, everybody. Carly, this is interesting because usually this podcast could be called doctor a and friends, and it's usually somebody I've been friends with for, like, 20 years, 30 years that I have on here. Right. Today, I've got Carly Carden, and she came highly recommended from Bob Nastanovich. She was one of those friends I was speaking of. But now that I've talked to her this morning, we figured out or I figured out that we have met before. We have talked hoops. But, Carly, I hear that you know a lot about basketball, and you're fired up to, talk some fancy hoops with these people. Well, I, thank you. It's great to speak with you. I know at least a little bit about basketball. I'm definitely very enthusiastic about it. Love talking hoops. Love watching hoops, and, much respect for, you know, you, doc, A great person to talk with. Actually, before we before we kick off, I do have a question for you. I'd want to just congratulate you because, yeah, while you might not have remembered me, of course, I remember you, award winning, fantasy sports writer. And I know that coming up tomorrow is the big induction ceremony. Just wanna congratulate you again because that's mind blowing, so cool, thrilled for you, much deserved, you know, recognition into the Fantasy Sports Writers Association Hall of Fame. And for those of us like myself who do, you know, who are fans of not just hoops, but, but love to talk love to talk hoops with, you know, other fun folks. Could you tell us, for those of us who love the pop, how we could watch, the ceremony? Is that fair? Well, it's really not it's really not gonna be a ceremony so much. Okay. I didn't really know what it was gonna be. I think Okay. What it's gonna be is 15 minutes of q and a with me and the guys on the SiriusXM Fantasy Sports channel, which I think is 87. I don't have a subscription to that myself. I'm hoping they will package up whatever we do and send it to me, and I can share it. But yeah. Yeah. It's yeah. Yeah. I don't I don't even know the exact time it's happening yet. Okay. It'll be between 1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow on the fancy sports channel on SiriusXM. But, you know, it is, it is quite an honor. I am pretty fired up about it. And some of my friends around the line, they're like, oh, I've never heard of the Fantasy Sports Writers Hall of Fame. I didn't know there was such a thing, but they also know that, you know, any hall of fame you get into is pretty pretty as long as it's not for doing something gross, it is pretty cool. So I'm pretty fired up about it. A hall of fame? I mean, yeah, that's thrilling. I'm pretty fired up about it. And and I do remember you, by the way. I did not forget all about you. Our friend Bob did not mention to me that we had actually met before. So it Right. Right. Right. Right. Had he mentioned that, I think I may have, I may have done a better job with this whole thing. But, anyway, thank you for the kind words. I'm I'm pretty psyched about it. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. With with good reason too. They got a good one. Let's let's dive into, what happened. Well, let's dive into some of the stuff that's going on in Fantasy Hoops right now. Like, Fantasy, I I got a call last night from a guy. I'm on this this app called Did It, and people can call me and for, like, I don't know, it's like a a dollar, a minute, or a dollar every 2 minutes. Or something. They can talk to me on the phone, video, and show me their team, and I can give them advice as to what to do with their team. And I it's been very slow. I have not got I've gotten a lot of messages, but then when you tell people they gotta call and pay, they're like, well, I'm not doing that. I can just hit you on Twitter, whatever. And I'm a sucker. I I I answer a lot of stuff on Twitter. I write a mail mail back on whatnot. This dude, Max, calls me last night. He's like, I'm in a dynasty league, dude, and I've got Joel Embiid and just and I've got this crazy great trade offer on the table where a guy wants to give me all this stuff for Joel Embiid, but I just don't I don't wanna Embiid to come back before the season regular season ends and ruin my ruin my year. So do you have any thoughts on if or when Joel Embiid is gonna play again in the regular season? It it looks like I mean, we're not we're not doctors. Like, we we nobody knows. So they're I know he I I know that he wants to get back, of course. I know that I I mean, I know that Nick Nurse wants to to get Okay. Let's go with this. If you had a fantasy basketball team, like, do you think do you think Joel Embiid is gonna play before the playoffs? Yes or no? Yes. But not enough that it's gonna tank your season if you let go of them. So not enough that it's gonna help you? Not enough that it's gonna help you. No. Okay. And I'm I'm on the same boat there. I think, and be could come back with, like, a week left in the regular season. Exactly. He may, 2 weeks tops. I don't think it'll be 2, but it could be. But I think it'll be like a week. I think he'll play like in 3 or 4 games. They'll try to get him at least a little ramped up for the for the playoff push, but I can't see them bringing him back early enough that if you have him on your fancy team that he's going to help you win a championship. There is a chance if your if your league plays in that, like, last 10 day window of the regular season, maybe he has a big game or 2, but I just I don't see it. I mean, the the thing I'm I'm doing with him is just keeping him stashed on the injured list. Sure. And if he plays, I'll activate him. If he doesn't, I'll let him sit there, and it just is what it is. So, but I don't think most I think most fantasy owners that have Joel Embiid on their team aren't gonna have to make a decision. You just leave him on your IR. But this kid Exactly. This kid had this big trade offer, and it included, like, 3 draft picks and 3 players, and one of them was Jaren Jackson junior. And I was like, you sort of need to do that because Joe Allen beat is hurt every single year. He's not as good as we think he is because he's never he's never gonna play a full season. He did last year for the most part. But this year this year and every other season, he just can't he can't finish. And, a lot of people in Philadelphia are like, do we really wanna rest all of our future hopes on Joel Embiid who can never stay healthy? So I don't know. I think you gotta look at it, you know, the same way from a fantasy perspective as well. I wholeheartedly agree that, you know, I mean, yeah, when you're a fancy GM, you've gotta think like, you know, a regular GM, and planning ahead for the future. And I you're absolutely I mean, Joel Embiid is, you know, if he's healthy, he's hands down. You know, my would be my vote for MVP. Oh, he he was the MVP till he was Yeah. This season, he it's what he was, you know, as per usual, absolutely incredible. Even, I mean, even more so than last year. You know? I mean Did you steal Bob's rotor wire hat? No. I I'm borrowing it. I'm borrowing it too. Okay. I was just checking. Did you did you did you borrow his tumbler as well? But thanks for noticing. No. I did not. I'm actually, I'm drinking out of my, Miami Heat, bottle this Big ass cup. But, yeah, I got the my big water bottle. Okay. Alright. Okay. So Trey Young is the other guy that's messing up all these fantasy managers right now because finger surgery. And you were there, you and Bob nastandovich were at the game on. Was it Sunday? Yes. Sunday. Absolutely. Trey did not play the jaunte kind of went off. Tell me about your experience at the game briefly briefly. And then, when do you think Trey is coming back? Because this one's a little easier because we know he's he's at a month, but it's it's still up in the air. Right. The well, the Hawks game, was pretty terrific. They look like a real basketball team now, which is incredible. They play on both ends. I love seeing that. I am a huge fan. Always love to see him play. Have only caught maybe 5 4 or 5 home games this year. One of which was the November game versus the Pacers, the, you know, the record setting scoring game, which was Yeah. Which was, you know, awesome on every level. And that we were actually joking about that, in the Q1 that because it, you know, it started out so slow against the Magic and, you know, Paula Banchero wasn't playing. Obviously, Trey wasn't playing. So it seemed like might be, you know, kind of an interesting matchup, something fit you know, I mean, they're arguably, you know, 2 teams, best players, but that Started out slow, but turned into what was a I mean, a great showing by the hawks and a a pretty good game overall. But, Jaylen Johnson is pretty good, isn't he? Jaylen Johnson is pretty good. And, you know, I I had not seen Kobe Buffkin play. It you know, I had not seen him play in person until the other night, which I enjoyed seeing. He didn't do anything spectacular or what or even, you know, really remarkable. But, Bogey got him started, and then wow. Man. Yeah. Jaylen Johnson. So Great. So the crazy thing about Trae Young going down is usually when a superstar gets hurt, there's a guy that you want to run to the waiver wire and pick up that's going to fill in for that player. And with Trae Young, there really isn't that guy. Maybe it's bogey by Donovich. I think that's as close as you're going to get because the jaunte is just going to take over a point guard and everybody else kind of slides in. But it is a weird, it is a weird thing when a when a star gets hurt and there's nobody to pick up. But, okay. So he's supposed to miss a month. He's coming back like late March early April. Do you foresee him making an impact, in those last 2 weeks? I I don't think the I I don't think the Hawks have any intention of tanking. I may I may be mistaken, but, I think I I wouldn't get rid of him. I think he'll I think he'll put up. Well, I think it all depends on when your league ends because Exactly. Exactly. League is over on March 31st or April 3rd. I think you can probably let Trey go. If your league goes through the end of the year, the Hawks may not intentionally be ready to tank, but are they going to make the playoffs? I mean, it's pretty close and I don't know if they can do it without Trey. I mean, they're currently the number 10 seed. You've got Brooklyn and Toronto, coming behind them. You've got the Bulls a couple games in front of them. I I don't think And Toronto is looking good. I think by the time trade's out a month, the Hawks are gonna be like, you know what? It's it's over. This year is a lost cause. Maybe they You're in good company with that. You're in good company with with that opinion. I mean, there's there's, there's lots of folks who believe that's exactly how it'll play out. I think it very well may play out exactly like that, but I'm hoping for a slower trajectory to that point. Yeah. But I mean I mean, really though, in reality, if the Hawks get into play in tournament, they're gonna get bounced in the first or second round and then they're going to get a crappy draft pick as usual. And if right, I just rather I would just rather they pack it in. I mean, we don't have a Kang Wu. We don't have Trey. I I I just like watching Jalen play. I only went to 1 Hawks game this year, and it was the, it was the Luca Bonanza. Oh. Luca's Oh, oh, my. What a great game. What a great game to to be your 1. Yeah, your one showing. That's fantastic. That It was the right one to go to, I think. Oh, man. So since I'm a Luca guy. Oh, oh, well, who yeah. I I can't imagine how anyone wouldn't be. What Sorry about this. Oh, go ahead. Sorry. One thing interesting, the, Bruno Fernando, you know, taking, a congress spot. He he did a nice job. Yeah. I I was I'm curious why Capella only played, like, 17 minutes in that game. I think probably just limiting his minutes because coming back from injury I think I think it was basically just an issue of managing his minutes. Then that was It could be it could be Bruno, Fernando's season. Yeah. I think it yeah. I think I think it could be. Actually, talking about the the handful of games that I, of Hawks games out there. I may actually go, we may try to catch the Jazz at Hawks tonight, because you know? Just see if I can get any, cheapest tickets, you know, later this afternoon because I have pretty big games for both teams and, you know, reality and fantasy. Yeah. The Jazz are interesting. They're they're right on the fence. They're 11. They're 3. They're 3 games behind the Warriors. It's not looking good for them. Dallas is streaking. Kings are good. Lakers are Lakers and Warriors are both better than the Jazz. I feel like the Jazz are on the verge of like maybe starting to take it, take their foot off the gas and letting some guys play, but they're only 3 games out of the play. I mean, getting some guys some nights off like Lori, Markham is usually shut down by this point of the season. I can't figure out what that team can't figure out what that team is doing with Walker Kessler and why he's not playing big minutes. I am excited about Keontae George the rest of the way, though, because he's they're gonna play him the rest of the way. So Yeah. Absolutely. And he he's fun. Fun to see him. It'd be fun to see him play live. For sure. Another, it was it was really good to see, Deandre Hunter, you know, back from injury in in good form. And I do actually hope I hope that he continues that for the rest of the season if, you know, I mean, he'll be playing. Yeah. But I I'm I'm in court that we need to get rid of one of those guys. You know, like, Saddiq Bay or Deandre Hunter needs to go. I wanna see Jalen all Jalen all the time. Uh-uh. I hear you. So Trey coming back, I I don't think it really matters. I I think, I'm trying to have him removed from the Yahoo, do not cut list. I've talked to a couple people. I don't know if that's been done or not yet, but, you know, in some fancy leagues, you can't cut Right. Super hard. Sure. But once they get hurt, we take them off that list. So I'm Sure. Hopefully, he gets taken off that list because Mhmm. You know, people have need to have roster flexibility at at this time of year. So, let's talk about once. Try and make this quick because we only got let's go for it. We only got about we only got about 45 minutes for this whole thing. Jaren Jackson junior, Memphis, Desmond Bang gone, John Morant gone. Mhmm. The team is terrible. That game last night was they were they were horrific, basically. Gigi Jackson was what did I say he was? 1 of 13. 1 of 13 shooting. That's not good. Is Jaren Jackson junior going to keep going out there and busting his butt for this team that is 20 and a half games out of 1st place. Seems utterly insane to me for them to, you know, keep them out there, playing hard in meaningless games. Is that a yes? Is that a no? Is that a What what is it? Is he going to continue to play? I I I mean Are they gonna shut him down? They should shut him down. They should shut him down. Are they gonna shut him down? However you know? Not just yet, but I feel like at any at any point, I I'm anticipating it. Of you know, that's what I'm saying. I'm anticipating it. Well, I mean, I've been saying he's gonna get shut down for a while, and it it hasn't happened yet. I'm a little surprised it hasn't happened yet. I think it's coming. We know it's coming. And we're we're then we're on exactly the same page. Yeah. I I I think it's coming. Don't know when. It's already February 27th. It's I think it's gonna happen by March 25th. And if I had to pick a date, I would go with March March 17th sounds about right. March 17th is one of mysterious back injuries going to sideline Jerry Jackson junior. That is my prediction. But, you know, I've been telling people to trade Jerry Jackson junior now for a month, and he it it hasn't really worked out, if you did it, unless you trade it with somebody who's really good. Right. I mean, well, obviously, Lamar Stevens, if you, you know, if you don't have, pick him up if if that's an option. You like Lamar Stevens? He's gotta sees he's gonna see some more playing, Todd. He he played well last night. Let's talk about that. He he led play well last night. He led the grizzlies with 17 points. Mhmm. He hit 8 out of 9 field goals. Mhmm. Lamar Stevens. Yes. Now, generally, I would not go tell people to pick up Lamar Stevens. Generally, I would not I would not tell people to go pick up Lamar Stevens. But in this He's a baller. But in this in this silly season that we're getting ready to run with and the fact that Memphis is already running with a g league team Yes. Indeed. They are. Like Lamar Stevens might make sense. I have not looked at his game log. I just know I know he got hot last night, and he played well last night. But, you know, Gigi Jackson gets hot and plays well every other game as well, but then he he does things like he does last night where he hits 1 of 1 of 13 shots or whatever. Right. So I don't know. I don't I don't know. Vince Williams was a great call, I think, to to pick up for them. I I just don't know Agreed. If Lamar Stevens is gonna be the guy. Let let's look at his game log. I need to pull that up because if if he's been doing this a lot, then I've been sleeping on him. Yeah. Double figures in 4 of his last 5. So rebounds, blocks. Yeah. And all in very limited minutes. If they shut down Jared Jackson Junior, I'm with you, Carly. Exactly. Lamar Stevens will be a pickup. Exactly. Someone to look at. You know? It it's not a bad call. I I like. Right on. What else happened with the with that game last night? We had Lamar Stevens led the Grizzlies, and everybody else in the Grizzlies was terrible. Jaren Jackson junior hit 2 of 12 shots. Luke Kennard had 11 points. Gigi Jackson hit 1 of 13. Vincent Zaire Williams didn't do anything. The nets blew them out of the gym. Interesting note that Dennis Schroder started over Ben Simmons. I think the big story from the Nets game was, Cam Thomas. Definitely. When they have on the sprained right ankle, had to be carried off the court. Mhmm. They play 3 more games this week. They play 5 games next week. This is all very bad news for Cam Thomas and his managers. And as a Cam Thomas manager in a 30 team league, it's especially, especially painful. Oh, but Dorian Dorian Finney Smith had 13 points and 9 boards last night and is a guy I think especially with that 5 game week coming up much like Lamar Stevens who doesn't have a 5 game week, but Doreen Fenny Smith is a sleeper sleepy rebounder kind of forward to look absolutely right now. Absolutely. Jacob hurdle got hurt last night. Yes. He did. He's the center for the Raptors. And when I mentioned Kelly Olynyk to Bob last week when Bob was on, he's like, I don't really care about Olinic. I don't he he doesn't move my needle. And sure enough, Olinic did not do anything for the rest of the week, which was fine. I mean, I I don't think anyone was running out to pick Olinic up anyway. But, That was true enough. He he actually did pick him up. Oh, he did. So now he's mad at me. Now he's No. No. No. He's not mad at you. Oh, yeah. I'm sure he is. But now that if pearls down and pearls gonna miss time, then Olympic is going to play. Exactly. That is something we need to keep an eye on. We don't know. It could just be a day to day thing at this point. I'm much much more worried about Cam Thomas's injury than I am. Jacob Pirtle's. But, Alex is the guy to keep keep an eye on. And then, props to Scottie Barnes, 21 points, 12 boards, 12 assists, 5 blocks. Oh, man. Stupid. 4 triple triple double the seat. I mean yeah. Get out of here. Grady did. Fantastic. Grady did apparently plays well on Mondays. He had 18 points with 4 triples. I think he did that last Monday as well Mhmm. Before Bob and I were on, and both of us were like, no. We're not falling. We're not falling for the Grady the Grady Dick trap. But, that's not right. Like, woah. Woah. Up. Down. And then, of course, Pascal Siakam, played well in this former team as as he we knew he would. And then it's Benedict Matherin cat for the Pacers. I love Oh, man. I love his game so much and he's been possibly the most frustrating fantasy player in the league this year because he he does stuff like he did last night, which is 34 points, 9 boards, 5 assists, 2 steals a block, and 5 3 pointers. But then it'll turn around the next game and have 12 points and 3 rebounds and 1 assist. And it's just like, why can't he do this consistently for a for a team that scores so many points? And I don't really have an answer for it. It's just been frustrating. Same. It's it's yeah. It's feast or famine on a team that I mean, has a lot of feast, but he's yeah. He's definitely yeah. You can't expect consistent stats from him. You have not been able to. I thought when Yeah. Not this year. I thought when they sent Buddy Heel to Philly and Buddy Heel started going off in Philly that Mhmm. It was gonna be math during season. He was gonna start Right. Doing this all the time, and and last night was awesome. I just hope it keeps going now. And part of the reason he did well last night is probably because Tyrese Haliburton took tonight off, on 211 shooting with 9 points, 7 assists. That was not what I was looking for. My fan do a lineup that cost me money, whatever Miles Turner's been playing really well. Had a really big game on Saturday or Sunday, one of those and then he had 1611 with 2 blocks last night. So that was cool. But yeah. Yeah. I just don't know why math run can't do that every night. I I think my other one's gonna be a lot of people are gonna pick him up after last night. Yeah. And it It's good reason for sure. Then he's gonna score 12 points with 3 rebounds. Sorry, man. Why did I do that? Zion Williamson is iffy for Tuesday due to left foot contusion. CJ McCollum is questionable with an ankle injury. Jose Alvarado is suspended. Those are all New Orleans Pelicans. So if all of them are out Right. I I guess it's Herb Jones and Jordan Hawkins and Larry Nance time Yeah. In war. Exactly. Yeah. And, actually, Larry Larry Nance here, he looked, he looked good the other night against the heat, in the in the minutes he got then. So, you know Larry Nance is another one of those guys. Like Yeah. He's he's an option who, you know, deserves a look. Oh, Larry Nance is gonna play. I'm just so excited about this. And then he doesn't really do anything. And then, you know, Zion will be playing a game and then all of a sudden Larry Nancell have a good game, like, just kinda all over the place. Jordan Hartley kind of been there too. Totally. Herb Jones looked really good without, CJ and Alvarado on Sunday. I think it was Sunday night. So I'm kinda intrigued by Herb Jones. That was He he's already rostered. Most most of the play Yeah. And mostly yeah. And mostly in c. Let's talk about that Knicks piston's finish. Did you get to see that? Woo. Yes. I did. And I, you know What is your date? Well, tell tell the people what happened. Well, it was what? Were there 5 seconds left? Josh Josh Hart well, what Di Vincenzo Did what he dove into a Sarah Thomas select? Yeah. I mean, it looked like it. I looked like a football game. It was a tackle. Trying to take out his knees. Yeah. It was a tackle. It was a no call and it was absolutely horrific. It was a horrific miss call officiating. Yeah, it was really bad, miss call and then that ended up getting the ball into Jason Hart's hands and he hit a kind of a hanging layup fadeaway layup, basically to win the game. And Jason Hart went off last night and 23 points, 8 boards, 6 assists, 33 pointers, a steal and block and Monty Williams lost it in. Oh, man. Press conference. He didn't lose it to the level that the Raptors coach lost it when he was talking about Scottie Barnes needing respect. Why even play the game? Why play the game? That that was my favorite, coach rant this year. But this was pretty close because he basically just got up there and he was like, it's not fair. We've been fighting it all year. I'm sick of telling my guys Totally. That I've done everything I can do, but it's not enough. And then the official after the game admits that he missed the call, which I don't know how he couldn't admit that because everyone saw Yeah. It was just it was just it was just stupid. I I don't understand. I understand giving the veterans and the good teams and the the people who have earned it a little leeway when it comes to that, but I don't Yeah. Sure. When it comes understand. It's totally disrespecting these other guys. They're out there playing and trying to trying to get a job done. Absolutely. I when and that the postgame, I was just like, oh, Monty Williams. Like, they yes, sir. Yes, sir. That it was that was wild. It was horrible. I'm so glad he spoke up for his players. And, yeah, I mean, obviously, the ref said I was wrong. And then you just got up and walked away, which I thought was pretty cool. And said, yeah. That's all I have to say because that would that truly was all that needed to be said. So how did how did the Kings lose at home to a heat team missing Jimmy Butler, Tyler Harrow, and Terry Rozier, and Josh Richardson? Well, you see the Miami also had a 20 point lead in that game, which they blew, and the Kings came all the way all the way back. And it looked like the Kings were set to take it and then, talk to me. I mean, wow. What what a game. What a what a game. And on a Monday, no less. Here's here's a little secret. The heat, they really are that deep. They really are that deep. He's I mean, it's, obviously, Bam, another Jaime Jaime Jacques was the the hero of that game. Jaime Jacques was the hero of that game. And, as as you may recall from my preseason, my my preseason notes and texts, I was so excited about the heat drafting, about the heat drafting. I was a huge fan of his at UCLA. He's just, you know, crazy, crazy fundamentals, super high motor guy, and just, you know, clearly someone who impacts winning. So I've been high on him for years, and I'm thrilled that he is, you know, doing his thing in the NBA, like, on a trajectory that even I, being, you know, a huge fan of his, could not have projected. What a game he had last night. And Delon Wright as well, you know, the new pickup. It was fantastic. I mean, how many between them, what, like, 8 steals? Delon has 13 points, 5 assists, and a couple steals on block. And then, Hawkeyes Hawkeyes is just, he's just blown me away all year because he doesn't look like a rookie and you can tell the players and coach Spoelstra loves hakez. He's such a big piece of what they do. He would hit so many clutch shots last night. He was 12 of 17. And then Kevin Love comes off the bench for 15 minutes. Q3. Holy gosh. Yeah. Points with 7 boards, which that was weird. And Duncan Robinson, who was supposed to go off because Jimmy and Rozier and hero were all out. It's one of 11 shots and yet they still win and he has 11 assists. So 11 is it. Yeah. Exactly. It's the weird weird night. Point Duncan. We love it. We absolutely love it. They, I mean, wow. The heat, what, it's strange that, the in the course of their season, I mean, the January slump was, you know, that it coincided with with an injury of a rookie. You know? But that they did. They had a I mean, that slump did coincide with with Jaime's groin injury and he's back, you know, and it looks like they're back what they're on a, I guess, 7 game. They've won 5. Yeah, I think that I think that was a 4th straight win. Okay. But yeah, and I think I wish we could see Jaime Hawkeyes out there without Jimmy Butler and without Terry Rozier all the time because I think And without Tyler here. If that was the case, I think we we would have another another guy fighting for this rookie of the year with with 1. Oh, absolutely. Like, I mean, yeah. He has no chance with 1 being in the home run doing what they're doing. I'm not sure anyone has a chance, over when be at this point, but when we sort of taken off in the last couple weeks. So hopefully, they just keep playing him for the Kings last night. Sabonis had another ho triple double is like 90th of the season or something ridiculous. I'm just kidding. It wasn't really 90, but, look, Murray, Lemont Murray oh, not Lemont Murray. Good lord. Keegan Murray looked really good. Keegan Murray looked really good. 10 of 14 shots, 28 points, 6 triples, 3 steals, 2 blocks. I mean, that's a line. And then, De'Aaron Fox played pretty well. 7 turnovers was kind of a killer, but, Malik Monk Malik Monk was a little too quiet, last night for my life. Yeah. Surprisingly so. If you guys are out there, and there are some of you out there, I can see you, and want to ask a question of me or us, feel free to throw it in the comments. We'll dive in there and get to it. Let me backtrack here and figure out what I forgot. Scoot Henderson is driving me nuts right now. This 3 games in a row. He's got an adapter. He's not going to play tonight. He might play on Friday. I'm just like, do I drop him? Do I keep him? I I think I dropped him finally last night and just pick somebody else up because I don't have time to sit around and wait for marginal players to come back and finally Grace my team for 1 or 2 games a week. So I cut scoot Henderson. I feel pretty good about it. What do you think about that? I love it, doc. Great call. Thanks. Yeah, I love it too. What are your thoughts on Ben Simmons? Oh, Just in general. The first word that comes to my mind is just fraught. Like like, I'm glad he's not on my roster. I he's certainly can play basketball well. I don't He can play basketball well. Yeah. Yeah. He can play basketball well. But, can he go? I mean, have we seen it? Do we know that? Is still Yeah. I'll I'll say he he can play basketball well, but I wouldn't necessarily, wanna rely on him to do that. Well, my take on Ben Simmons is he wanted to be the number one draft pick. He was the number one draft pick and he just sort of stopped trying at that point. I don't know why. I don't know how. I don't know what is going on. Even now with his new team and everything. I mean, the fact that we're starting Dennis Schroder and letting Dennis Schroder go off for 18 points, 5 assists, and you've got Ben Simmons out there doing his single triple thing. I just It's weird. Triple single. It's I just, I'm not taking the bait now in the Nets do play 5 games next week, which is in fantasy is a big deal. Of course. Yeah. But even then, I mean, if Ben Simmons plays in 3 of those games, it'll be a minor miracle. Mhmm. Alright. Matt Carmody says that he does not believe Joel embiid is coming back in time to be fantasy relevant. Yeah, I think Carly and I are with you on that mat. That is a good call. Christian says, should I trade away and for Nick Simons? Do you think he will get shut down? Now that's interesting that's interesting because that he plays for the Blazers and Mhmm. Scoot is hurt. Mhmm. Our guy Malcolm Brogdon is out without a timetable to return. Right. The only guy they have to play point guard, I guess, is what Anthony Simons is doing, is Anthony Simons right now. And that makes me a little leery to trade away Anthony Simons. Cara, do you have any thoughts on Anthony Simons? I I wouldn't trade him away. That's Okay. I mean, that if you're asking me just straight up yes or no, like, no. I would not trade him away. Okay. Well, looking at the Portland depth chart. Mhmm. We've got Scoot Henderson out, Malcolm Brogdon out, Anthony Simons in. Like, he's literally the only guy unless they wanna play this cat named Delano Banton, which I don't think anybody's really counting on that happening. Well, I mean, that'll happen down the stretch because Portland's gonna be tanking and Yeah. Facility seasoning it up just as much as anybody because they have, what, like, 15 wins, on the season. But I think you hang on to Simon's at least until Scoot is back. Maybe Scoot comes back on Friday. Mhmm. Then I'm okay with it. But as of now, they have nobody else to play except for Simon. So I think I think I'm hanging on for to Simon's until I either see Scoot or Brogdon back on the court. But then again, they made the they may just cash it all in and just played 5 big men the rest of it because it really doesn't matter. What else we got? Anybody else got a question? Anybody got anything? Anything else we need to talk about? There's a lot of games happening tonight. That we have a we have a full slate of NBA action coming at us on Tuesday night, and it's actually 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. 11 games. So 22 teams in action. You got Luca at Cleveland. You've got the Jazz at Atlanta, and maybe you and Bobby will be at that game. Sixers at Boston is a big one. That is on TNT. Big big. 7:30. Mhmm. You've got Wimby against Ant Man in Minnesota. That will be fun. You got the other big one, I guess, is Houston at Oklahoma City, but it ain't that big. Oklahoma City is good. Houston's okay. Oklahoma City should roll them. Oklahoma City is so fun to watch on TV, though. I love watching this Oh, man. That home run and, Josh Gideon and that whole Jalen Williams? Oh, man. Jalen's awesome. Oh, yeah. Love him. Questions are rolling in. Let's try a couple other ones here. Michael Chang, the famous tennis player from back in my day. Thoughts on Kelly olenec after the Pirtle injury. Yep. We talked about that. I think Kelly olenecks going to be a thing if portal misses games Atlantic Olympics good. He hits threes. He rebounds. He scores. He can block a shot. I don't know these like a run. Don't walk add your roster right now, but he's at least a guy where if portals going to miss 4 games, you know, that Kelly o'enics gonna gonna come through and do something. We have not talked about Jordan pool today. Literally the most disappointing player in the league in my opinion of this season. Yeah, Jordan pool production off the bench. Is it fake? Will he get shut down? That's from when you are ready. I don't even know at this point, dude. I've sort of written Jordan pool off. But I have noticed he's had a 30 point game here. He's had a 25 point game there. He's, like, playing better. I he sits in one of my dynasty rosters somewhere doing something, but, man, what a horrible year. Horrible year he's had. I was one of those idiots that thought Jordan Poole had a chance to lead the league in scoring. That's how it's how dumb it's how dumb I am. Wow. Do you have any thoughts on Jordan Poole? 31, 21, 18, 19. Those are the last 4 games. Last 4 games. Good. I've I mean, those numbers look great. I I try to yeah. I mean, I would I try to avoid Jordan Poole just as a matter of principle. I, those those numbers sound great. I would love, you know, I would love to have those numbers. Well, he got helped last game because cool of ballet. They've started cool of ballet in front of him. Cool of all, he got hurt. So then Jordan pool played 38 minutes scored 31 points, but even before that, he's been getting minutes in the 30s. I I don't understand why Washington is the washing has 9 wins this season. These minutes of these guys are Marvin Bagley gets 33 minutes. Kyle Kuzo gets 39 Tyus Jones 35 Landry Schmidt, 37, Jordan pool, 38, like, and they lost by 9 points. Like, I don't understand why we are, like, why they haven't just shut that whole team down and just made it one big silly season. Yeah. I I don't understand why they haven't shut that team down either. 9 wins. See how when you're ready. It's it seems fake in it, but it, I don't know. I don't know what they're doing and cool of all getting hurt really helped Jordan pool in that last one, but I don't know if, I don't know if Washington is going to shut guys down or not. I they have to at some point. So yeah, I mean, this may be the ultimate sell high moment on Jordan pool that we've seen in the history of Jordan pools career. So, with that with that, we are at the end of our time. I need to go from up. No. We're gonna do one more when you ready. When you're ready, he's got a Hartenstein. I always like talking about Hartenstein. Oh, wait on. Hartenstein got dropped on the waivers. 14 team. Oh, Wendell Card Junior. Would you drop Wendell Card Junior to pick up Hartenstein? When you are ready, I think I would do that. I would rather have Hartenstein. Carly, your thoughts? I love Hartenstein. I'm looking. I just think Hartenstein with with with what's going on with, New York. How many minutes their guys get every night? We're not afraid to run a New York Nick into the ground and break his body because that's Absolutely. That's what we do. That's what Tom Thibodeaux Thibodeaux does. So, I kinda like the Hartenstein aspect of this. Now he didn't he didn't go off last night, but he put us some, you know, decent fantasy stats. But I I do like the season that Hartenstein's had, and I think, I'd rather have him than than Winrichard junior. Agreed. Solid, exciting. Yeah. Solid move. Okay. With that, the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast is coming to an end. I will be back on Thursday with Rick Kamla, some more regular programming. We will be back next Tuesday with a another special guest. I don't know who that will be. Actually, I do know who it'll be. It's my man, the k train Ken Crites. He'll be back in action next Tuesday. So we'll see you then. Carly, thank you so much for joining me. It was good to hang out and, reconnect. Yes. Great to see you. And, again, congratulations, and I hope you guys have a great time, tomorrow. Chat it up. Chat it up. Yes. I'll look forward to I'll look forward to catching that as well. Awesome. Well, thank you so much for the kind words, and, thank you all for checking us out.