Welcome to the award winning rotorwire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by us. Free trial, rotorwire.com/try. Today is Friday, March 1st, 2024. Alex Berutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken K train Kreitz. All aboard. Happy to have these guys yeah. Happy to have these guys back, after we dropped them to stream in Kyrie and Sprecher last week. You might see him, later in March. He had a higher game count that week. Higher higher PER. Yeah. Lot lots going on there. Let's jump into the news. Wenbin Yama destroyed Chet Holmgren in the Thunder versus Spurs matchup in San Antonio, despite the Thunder being, I think, 11 point favorites on the road. Spurs get the win 132 to 118. Wembley continues to be insane. 28, 13, and 7 with 5 blocks and 2 steals. It is the 3rd time this month that Wembanyama has had 25, 105 with 5 blocks in a game. Only Kareem and Hakim have done that. Shannon, would you take Victor Wembanyama, number 1 overall next season? He's in the conversation. He's been the number 1 ranked player over the past week. Over the past month, he's been the number 3 ranked player in fantasy basketball. That's yeah. Number 3 in 29 minutes per game, the only other player in the top ten averaging less than 34 minutes per game is Chet Holmgren over that over that last past month. So I think Wendy is in the conversation already. You have to assume as he matures and he's gonna be afforded more minutes. And so if you've got just the same production we're we're seeing this year in his rookie season over the past 4 weeks, you apply 32, 33, 34 minutes to that. Eddie's easily in that conversation for the number one overall pick. Well, the injuries that we expected, I I certainly expected, and I thought he'd be sitting a lot with the Spurs being awful, but he's at 54 games. So what does he miss, like, 5 or 6 total? I'm we'll see what happens down the stretch, but he keeps playing too. It's awesome. Yeah. He had that, he had that, like, a ankle injury, and then his minutes were limited. You know, this is interesting. I was talking about this on the XM show with, Joe Bartle who's who's filling in for Nick last night. First of all, Wenbanyama is actually very quietly number 2 in defensive player of the year race on the odds behind Rudy Gobert. When when when when before last night's game was minus 700 to win rookie of the year, That is down to minus 2,000 after last night's game, with Chet Holmgren plus a 1,000 to win rookie of the year. So Yeah. 6 games, by the way. Wendy's missed 6 games this year. I checked. Alright. But I'll tell you this too. Over the past month, he's played more games than anyone else ranked in the top ten. He's played 13 games. Anthony Davis, Luca, they're 1 and 2 over the past month and per game value, 11 games each. So I mean, Webby has been just a consistent stud Yep. Always out there. He, I mean, he he he moves like he's, he's, like, 76, but he moves like he's 66. I feel like Holmgren to me moves more awkwardly than when Banyama in terms of like, you're talking injury risk. I actually feel, like, more worried about Holmgren. Mhmm. But I don't wanna get I don't wanna get too deep in the weeds on this. Spurs nice of the Spurs to snap their 5 game skid. They've been on the road for 26 days. Was that the rodeo? Did they have the rodeo again? Isn't that always the Maybe. Yeah. I will let hey. You know, enough of the sunshine and positivity. Let's talk about some god awful basketball in Washington. The Wizards have now lost 13 straight after losing in LA to the Lakers in overtime last night. They lost 134, 131. Jordan Poole, 34 points off the bench. There's no Bernard King, though. I'll tell you that much. He has not started the last 5 games, but is averaging over 23 points in 31 minutes while shooting a unsavory 40%, from the field over that stretch. Lakers, they had to play AD 41 minutes and LeBron 39 minutes to beat the, Wizards. That is just bad. Guys, is last night evidence that we don't need to take the Lakers seriously? Well, here's here's what here's what the media will tell you, Ken. The Lakers run a back to back. It's that simple. No. I look. I think that you have to take them seriously in the sense that, you know, if you if you like, they are what are they? 9th right now in the standings. They're they're gonna be in the play in, and they could they could rise up past the play in. Right? Could happen. Matt, they're 2 and a half games from avoiding the play in. Yeah. Yeah. I think I would take them over anybody right now that's in the play in zone, like, if they ended up in a play in situation. And I still think I I still think it would make OKC like, if if it was OKC LA 1st round, I would not feel, like, immense confidence that OKC would win that series. They should win it based on the record and everything else, but you still have to be worried about the experience and and playoff especially playoff experience of LeBron James and Anthony Davis. Fair enough. And good news for Shannon. Pistons no longer the worst record in the NBA. It is the Washington Wizards who've lost 13 in a row. Pistons moving on up their half game with 9 w's and only 49 losses over the Wizards who have 50 losses. Anything anything specific you can attribute this to, Shannon? Just it it's definitely not due to Monty Williams. Okay. Let's blame Jordan Poole. It's due to Jordan Poole. Yes. Shannon, take us to some interesting news down in Atlanta. Yeah. I mean, earth shaking news coming out of Atlanta. Big for The Hawks have waved 35 year old Aussie veteran, Patty Mills, pattycakes, 2014 NBA champ with San Antonio. He's played an 879 career games with the Trail Blazers, Spurs, Nets, and Hawks. He was a vocal leader for Australia's national team, the Boomers, scored 42 points in the 2020 bronze medal game versus Lucas Slovakian team to earn Australia their 1st Olympic basketball medal. Bravo, Patty. We're gonna miss Patty. Bravo, Patty Cakes. No. He's a bit of an iron horse at one point. From from 4 seasons, 2015 to 2019, he only missed 3 games, and he had a back to back 82 game seasons. I was, I was trying to look up some. I I I have a little minutes. This time of the season when these veterans get waived and there'll be the news is, like, yeah. The this this veteran agrees to a buyout on this date, so he's still eligible to join a playoff team, which happened with, Mike Muscala, Pistons legend. The report from Lourdes was Right. Muscala will be eligible to join join a playoff contender. All those contenders racing. Yes. Yes. You know, they're they're racing to get Mike Muscala who is 32, could not carve out a role with the Washington Wizards or the Detroit distance this year. I'm sure he's gonna fit right in with a playoff Contender. Correct. I I could see I could see Patty, you know, just quietly signing with like Phoenix or something, you know, they don't really have a point guard. But yes, your point is very, it's for players who are not like Patty Mills and Patty Mills might not even play a single playoff negative. You get signed by one of these teams. So, yeah. Alright. It's time for fan feedback. Alex, did you have a point you wanted to bring up? I'm sorry. I did not. Alright. Fan feedback. Let's go. Question from free key. Which Mavs big has the most, value rest of season? PJ Washington, Derek Lively, Daniel Gafford, or a Maximilian Cleaver? Yeah. We should, we should note about Lively. I wrote here I wrote about him in my rookie update article the other day. You know, he he managed to play 20 minutes in back to back games, which is nice, but still has not seen more than 23 minutes since returning from his injury, basically since Gafford got there. And look, he's still producing blocks numbers, averaging 2.6 blocks over his past 5 games. In terms of Gafford, the I mean, they're essentially splitting minutes. Right? And then PJ Washington sees Summit Center and Cleaver sees Summit Center. Gafford not playing that well. It's a bad fantasy situation. It's a bad fantasy situation. So, like, Shangan, if you have one or both of these guys on your roster, Gafford or or especially, Lively, are you are you trying to find ways to drop these guys? Would you prefer to hang on to them? Yeah. I mean, of those 4 players, Lively and Washington are basically neck and neck over the past week in value. Lively on a per game basis has been the 84th ranked player and Washington's 89th. Washington is my pick. Of those 4 players, he's the one I believe will have the most fancy value down the stretch. You know, we kinda saw this with his his most recent game. He came out, scored, played 31 minutes, 23 points, 6 rebounds, 3 blocks, and 5 3 pointers. He has not been shy about chucking up 3 pointers, since joining Dallas, since since joining the starting lineup with Dallas, which has been 6 games now. He's averaging 5 3 point attempts per game, only hitting 30%. You know, what once he once that creeps up and he's shooting 35, 36% from downtown, which we saw, so far this season, past couple years, he was in that range. You know, his his averages are only gonna improve. And it's encouraging to me that he's been you know, of those 4 players also, he's the only one who's been playing over 30 minutes on a regular basis. All 4 games over the past or over the past 8 days, he has played over 30 minutes. So it's PJ Washington for me. I've always loved his versatility, and I'm pretty sure we called it out on the show that I I we believed he was gonna have more value with Dallas than he did with Charlotte. And I I I think that holds. I do think he's a lot to be a top 100 player for the rest of the season. Specific question probably for Alex. Just being out for personal reasons, Alan Wiggins, Golden State Warriors, apply for IL eligibility on Yahoo. I'm pretty sure it does not. I don't believe it does. So will on ESPN because we we run that out. Right? But I mean I don't I mean, I know. So I know for sure suspensions do not if a player is suspended, they do not they're not IR eligible. Double checking right now, I I don't think it is for personal absences. But, I will will will will Alex looks that up. Here's a basketball question for Shannon. Besides Schroeder and Bridges, who won the nets will have the most value down the stretch? It is a train wreck there. I should add we'll discuss this in waiver wire. Nets are also the only team with 5 games next week. So who do we like? Is Cam Johnson had a good night last night, but a terrible season? Is there anyone else we like? Claxton number's been going down. Who do we like, Shannon, on the nets after maybe Schroeder? It is tough. You know, I I am gonna default to Claxton. He is still he's starting every game for them. You know, he is he's topping 28 20 minutes, well over 20 minutes most nights. You know, it does it does vary. 30 minutes, 21, 27, 28 over the past 4. The production has been up and down over those 4 games as well. But he still has enough upside with rebounds and blocks. His field goal percentage is always gonna be solid that he is the default number 2 option on that team. I I am not necessarily confident that Schroder is gonna hold value for the remainder of the season. Cam Thomas and Ben Simmons both sat out last night. So you don't you don't don't jump to conclusions about Schroder. He's had plenty of duds since joining the Nets too. And once once Cam Thomas or or on games when Cam Thomas and Ben Simmons are available, Schroder's not gonna have, he's not gonna go off for 23, 87 like he did last night. So I'm not as confident in Schroder having long term value. Yes. While Cam Thomas and Simmons are out. But when one of those 2 is healthy, Schroder gets knocked knocked down a couple levels. I'm, like, 95% sure he Wiggins does qualify for IL on Yahoo. Will he qualify for it. Okay. Yes. But we RotoWire does not control that. We control ESPN's. So Gotcha. Alright. Sherman's very happy. Alright, gentlemen. We now move on to the meaty money segment of the pod. The waiver wire. Yeah. And this is how this works. If you've been here before and if you haven't, we each have 2 regular waiver wire pickups, players who are roster in 50% or or fewer of Yahoo Leagues, and then one long shot each 25% or fewer of Yahoo Leagues. In terms of game count this week, you just heard Shannon talking about it. Brooklyn has 5 games next week. The rest of the league is pretty normal with 4 or 3 games. I'm gonna click kick things off with Jalen Suggs, who I was surprised to see is only 49% rostered. His minutets are fluctuating more compared to the start of the season? The stats have cooled down a bit. Right? But over the past 14 games, still averaging 1.8 steals and half a block, averaging 11 and a half points a game with 2.3 threes, 3 assists, and 3 rebounds during the stretch as well, and the magic of 4 games next week. So even if you go Markelle, to Cole Anthony, and Gary Harris, and all these other guards they have kinda get mixed in and Suggs has only seen 25 minutes a game, you get 4 games out of them. You might be able to get 8, 9 steals from Suggs, which is very rare to find off the waiver wire. Yeah. Stocks are always underrated. Steals are always underrated, and Suggs provides us. Ken, where are you going? Well, first, I'll say fans, if you like our video, please hit the like and subscribe buttons below. I'm bringing back a free agent name we talk about over and over again for the woeful Chicago Bulls. Andre Drummond is a boomer bust, but they've been starting them against big lineups, and they're having success with them. Drummond's ranked 65th over the last 7 days, 26 rebounds the other night. Chicago has 4 games next week. 1 of those fours will be a dud for Drummond, but I bet 2 of them are another crazy sick rebounding night. If you need a center, if you're worried about Nick Claxton play as of late, for instance, Andre Drummond, is a very viable option. They're starting Drummond and Vooch against big teams like Minnesota. And look. Why Drummond isn't in a sixer uniform? Why they didn't move him at the trade lines beyond me? But clearly, they're gonna play him, and that's why they didn't deal him. So old man Drummond, 47% rossered on Yahoo right now. And not only getting starts against big teams, but also just in general. I mean, if Caruso sits, I believe they'll probably start drumming in those scenarios as well and just go with the bigger lineup. It kinda matched up. Caruso sat the most recent game against Cleveland who has twin towers of their own. My first free agent suggestion of the week is Rui Hatamura. Rui has been crushing it for the lakers. He's made 11 straight starts. He's averaging 16.9 points, 4.5 rebounds, 1.93 pointers and 32 minutes per game over the past 8 starts. He's only 28% rostered on Yahoo right now. I'm actually very surprised that it's that low, giving it's been a few weeks now where he's been locked in the starting lineup. Seems like the Lakers are gonna stick with that. Or I I don't know. Maybe after last night's, game against Washington, they'll switch things up. But as long as Ruhi is in the starting lineup, he gives you solid production, especially with points and some 3 pointers. Angering all those people are burning fab budget on Rui, on Taurean Prince. Absolutely. I am going to go to another name that's frequently, on the waiver wire, being picked up and dropped. Caris LeVert, 41% rostered. Again, another guy whose stats they're all up and down, like just, you know, roll a dice on his points and assists every night, but he is still Cleveland 6th man. And his passing has actually been great. It's gotta be close to a career high actually in terms of the assist rate lately. In February, so the whole month of February, 6.2 assists per game. He's also giving you 10 points, 5 rebounds, and about 1 stock in 26. But against the efficiency, pretty bad. So if you are really efficiency sensitive in, like, a 8 cat or something, maybe there are other options, but the Cavs have 4 games next week. So, again, someone who might be able to get you 24, 25 assists in a given week in a cat league, that's pretty hard to turn down. I never thought he would evolve to a viable backup point guard, but that's kind of what's happened, hasn't isn't hasn't it? Yeah. His game, he continues to improve. I mean, he's a better passer than ever and a better defender than ever. You know, at some point, I think they went to him and they're like, if you are not gonna defend, we don't really need you out there. We got other guys. We got a Koro. We got Spruce. Like, we don't have to play you. And I think, I think he took that to heart. So he's been he's been pretty good. Alright. Well, my second pickup is, stealing a name from Alex over the last few weeks, but Corey Kispert is lighting it up for those terrible wizards. He's only rostered in 29% of leagues. Look. Hey. This wizard's team is awful. They have lost 13 straight and now have the worst record in the NBA. But Kispert is one of the few wizards who shoots and actually shoots well efficiently. Last 5 games, he's averaged over 18 points, 4 dimes, 1.6 stocks, and 3.4 triples while shooting 48.5% from the field. That's a lot of threes with a positive field goal percentage. Washington has 4 games next week. That's probably 4 losses for the Wizards, but Kispert's gonna keep shooting because, really, who else should shoot on this team? That I mean, that production's coming whether he's coming off the bench. He's made one spot start when Advea was out. The the thing that's impressed me most about Kisber is he's he's dishing out assists. He's doing he's averaging 5 and a half assists over the past 2 games, so he's doing more than just shooting. Fundamentally sound came off the bench last night. It was an overtime game, but still got 27 minutes off the bench. Absolutely. My second waiver wire suggestion of the week is Trey Man, guard, Charlotte, Hornets, 41% rostered. That seems low. Again, this is the guy who's made tons of starts. He he he started 8 games in a row for for the former Bobcats, averaging 11.9 points, 5.5 rebounds, 4.8 assist, 1.8 steals, 1.8 threes in those 8 starts. You know, the efficiency is low, which is kind of hold held down his overall value. Not just not just since joining Charlotte, but his efficiency has always been a problem. Low to mid, free, 70% free throw shooter, but he's great for points leagues. I mean, 5.5 rebounds from a from a guard, point guard eligible player is very solid. And and the big question here is when will LaMelo Ball return? I'm assuming. Coming back. There are 11 games out of the play, and they're not gonna risk. I do wonder. I do wonder that. And there there's some some, recent quotes from the Hornets coach that's kind of alluded to the fact that LaMelo, even though other reports have said that LaMelo has, you know, started restarted, basketball activities, everything else. The coach doesn't seem to think that LaMelo is coming back anytime soon, or he's alluding to that fact. So for me, as long as LaMelo is out, Trey Mann needs to be rostered quite a bit more heavily than he is right now. I, I have Go ahead. Go ahead, Alex. I'll say I have that quote, by the way. I can read this off. It's not it's not not that long. It's from Steve, Clifford asked where LaMelo is health wise compared to a couple weeks ago. Quote, it's hard to tell. Look, he's doing the same stuff now that he was doing 2 weeks ago. I don't know that stuff. He does what they allow him to do. There's a lot of factors in that, obviously. Like today, he did a lot of shoot around. He's been doing that for a while. He wants to be back. Again, he doesn't feel healthy enough and people aren't comfortable enough that he should play. I don't really know how to answer that. He does, shoot around and things like that. He does his work. I know he wants to get back. There's just a lot of factors on that one. The Hornets are, like, turning into the g league affiliate for OKC. Didn't they just pick up Pokrzyzewski in addition to They did. For the math. Yeah. I can't wait until we get to talk about Oh my god. But LaMelo, it's a big concern for LaMelo. I mean, I worry, you know, after everything that happened with his brother Lonzo as well. Yeah. It's like, you know, it's it's troubling. I I wish him health. He's a fantastic player and super fun to watch. But Trey Mann, I was very surprised. He was he was available in multiple leagues of mine. Most of my leagues are deeper. I I believe he should be rostered until LaMelo is actually back on the floor. I'm glad with Trey Mann, you made that efficiency comment. In the notes, you you just wrote f is low, and I was like, is Trey Mann having trouble getting laid? We're gonna we're gonna move off of that one. But we will stay in Charlotte. I am suggesting 11% roster Cody Martin, who has seen at least 28 minutes in 8 of the past 10 games, which is great. I mean, part part of the reason, you know, he's fallen off the radar to an extent, especially compared to his brother Caleb, who's in Miami, is that Kobe's been hurt for a long time. And the fact that he's able to play this many minutes in a row, it's fantastic. But during this stretch, he's actually putting up good numbers. 7.6 points, 5.1 rebounds, 4.8 assists, and 1.8 stocks. He actually had 10 assists game the other night. He is only shooting 39% from the field, and Charlie has 3 games next week. So if he's not if you're not just streaming or if you're if you want someone to stream and you can't take a field goal per second hit, he's just not your guy. But if you're in a deeper league and it's a long term thing, whatever, just keep those things in mind. He could he could he's putting up good numbers. Well, can you who do you have from Phoenix? I don't know if this is my long shot or my boring pick of the week, but Royce O'Neil, 30 year old, seems like he's 45. Royce O'Neil, Ford for the Phoenix Suns. Look. The Suns have no depth. Beals hurt it again. He started the last two games. And, last 5 games, though, he's averaging 10 points, 6 and a half boards, almost 4 assists, 2.7 stocks, gets a lot of steals, and 2.7 threes. Not particularly efficient. I will warn you though, Suns only have 3 games next week. But O'Neil could be seeing some monster minutes down the stretch for these Suns who probably don't wanna play their stars at the end of the season either. O'Neil, what do you think, O'Neil's career high end points is? Career high. I bet he's had hot from 3 and had, like, a 27 point game. 27. 27 was my guess. That was what popped in my head initially too. It was 20 points. 20? Yeah. But he It's a guy. Yeah. He had he had that once in, 2020, 21. But no. I mean, good point. Good points all around. Ken, this is the perfect spot for him, right, where you could fill in, do some stuff defensively. Yeah. Good good pick up for Royce O'Neal in deep leagues. Shannon, who is your final waiver wire suggestion? Yeah. My long shot of the week is Taylor Hendrick's forward for the Utah Jazz, 8% rostered on Yahoo. The rookie forward has made 4 straight starts for Utah. You have to assume he's gonna be locked into that role rest of season. Over the past week, he's been a top 120 player. He's averaging 9.8.6.8 rebounds in those 4 starts that he's made. And 2.4 stocks, blocks plus steals, and 2.1 threes per 36 on the season. I know steals, steals and blocks have been kind of where I I thought he would make his kind of a make his due as a fantasy, potential fantasy impact player this year. In college last year, he averaged 1.7 blocks and 0.9 steals. He's got that extra length, athleticism. He can make an impact on the defensive end. Hasn't really done it since joining the starting lineup, but I expect that'll start to show up in the box score soon. Yeah. He's he's been shooting a lot. He's been shooting a lot from the corners. So he should I mean, it it should bode well for his 3 point percentage. But he's kind of one of those bizarre players who it's like, yes. He's taking corner threes, but one of his best skill sets is his offensive rebounding. So there's kind of a a weird balance to strike there. But, he's been really good. He's been he's been, like, relatively speaking, I think he is a great fantasy profile. Let's put it that way. The numbers that he can put up will translate really well to fantasy. They essentially gave Kelly a linik away to clear up minutes for Hendrix. Like, they want him to play the rest of the season. Yeah. And they and it's telling that they went with, Hendrix in the starting lineup over Kessler as well because they easily could have slid Collins down to the 4, marking it to the 3. Markman played a lot of minutes at 3 last season, but they went with Hendrix, so they obviously believe. Okay. I believe it is time for our Friday daily fantasy picks. We will be referencing DraftKings salary for the most part, in this segment. We have 9 games today. Highest over under Wizards at Clippers is at 239 at Betrivers when I checked. But there's a there's a couple other, high over unders as well. It's just the nature of the NBA these days. Let's see. In terms of, actually, you know what, Cat, I wanna rope you into the segment very quickly, before you get too deep into the comments because we have Dallas at Boston. Yes. You went to a Boston game the other night, actually, in person. Game. Sixers win. Fantastic. Yes. Bought a really ugly Porzingis t shirt. What what did what did you see in person, and what have you seen from the Celtics lately? Man, the c's just toyed with Philadelphia all game. They never really broke away. They were up, like, between 11 and and 8 for most of it. They Sixers got within 2 or 4 within, like, when when it was, like, 9 and a half minutes left, and then the Celtics scored 17 straight. They're really on cruise control, but from a DFS standpoint, you know, they don't need every star to contribute to do well. So it's kind of a crapshoot whether Porzingis or or or White or, of course, Brown or Tatum are gonna go off. They have been feeding Porzingis like that Philly game when they're facing, you know, facing a doughnut team, meaning a team that's got nothing in the middle. But that is not the case tonight against the Mavs, because I think Lively is playing, and they've got Gafford off the bench now. So I don't see this even though it's a revenge game for Porzingis, I don't see this as a good night for Porzingis. I think it's gonna be a more classic Tatum Brown night. And, you know, Holiday and White, it's just a crapshoot when those guys, like, have numbers, off the crumbs from Brown and Tatum. Yeah. I can see this as maybe like a a 3 pointer knife for Porzingis. Maybe take the over on 3 pointers in a player prop situation. But, yeah, it's good. That's very good insight. Lively out of a key. I like that on offense. Right? Porzingis threes make sense. Shannon, what do you like on this slate? What's what's the first place you're going? Yeah. I I think the the first game that you have to look at on this slate is Portland Memphis. It it's it has a very low, very low. Do we hope to? We have to. To look at it? We have to. Are they our new sponsor, the Memphis Grizzlies? I I'm not suggesting you watch the game. Okay. Alright. Thank you. We're not going that far. But and and the 208a half over under is absolutely pathetic in the year 2024 for an NBA game, but there there's just too much value to be had. We already have, triple j, Jared Jackson Junior. It's been ruled out. Obviously, Bane. Bane's out still. Pippen's out. Rose, Mark Mark Miami's night, baby. Yeah. Kennard, Conchar, both are looking doubtful. Gigi Jackson is questionable. So you have you have Lamar Stevens. You have Trey Jemison, Jamison. Yeah. You don't just have Lamar Stevens. You have Lamar Stevens at center. What's that? Yes. Yes. And he's actually Ben. I think Santi Santi will probably play a little. Santi Adama at PowerForward. Our boy, Williams, Vince Williams, Zaire Williams. Zaire's been playing well. Zaire I know. And well lately for them. Yeah. I mean, he right now in our optimizer, he's the top value play for for tonight's slate. A level player. That's just the Memphis side. There's, like, 4 or 5 guys that I think are strong considerations at discounted prices to plug in your lineups just from the Memphis side. And then there's more of that when you look at Portland, Brogdon, Henderson, Sharp, all out. Deandre Ayton's doubtful, with a hand injury. So Jeremy Grant and Simons, the 2 obvious ways, but Chris Murray, who has been been receiving spot starts lately, he'll probably get another start at the shooting guard spot. Duop Reef, old favorite of the show or a new favorite from this season at least. You know, he's been he's been playing about 15 minutes off the bench regularly. He could see twice as many minutes with 8 now tonight. So there's just tons and tons of value options, and you can take 1 or 2 or 2 or 3 from each side of that matchup and be able to plug in a lot of studs around them. You know, we've been note, my my barber, a lifelong Vermonter, huge Memphis Grizzlies fan, got my haircut 2 days ago. We You spent 15 minutes on Vince Williams. I'm sure the rest of the Vermont shop had absolutely no idea what we were talking about. Oh, man. Yeah. You know, you've been doing the show for too long. I'm like, you know, I'm not really a duopoly guy. I'm actually more of a Moses Brown guy. Maybe come off the bench. He's questionable, though, so, you never know. It's true. Shannon, we also have the the Pistons, going up. They're at home, going up against Cleveland. Cleveland's 9 point favorites, but, Donovan Mitchell is questionable, so that could open up some stuff. Zia Stewart's been back for Detroit. Talked about a little bit at the beginning of the show. Is there anything you like from this game? Now a star a star Thompson is a little bit interesting. I you know, in truth, I don't like the matchup for the Pistons. So I'm probably gonna stay away from it. A star is at 55100 on DraftKings. He's he's played 3635 minutes in back to back games, which is certainly intriguing. He he's played 3 games against Cleveland this year, averaging only 17 minutes per, but also 17 and a half fantasy points. So he's been a point per minute in those Cleveland games. Given his role now, his newly expanded role since the trade deadline, you'd have to expect that he sees more minutes tonight. So he he's pretty solid there. Cade, my boy Cade, has been tearing up, averaging close to 50 fantasy points over the past 4. You know, he does average in 3 contests against Cleveland this year, 44.1 fantasy points. And, oddly, he's only 79100 on DraftKings. I do feel like that's pretty low for him, you know, especially he he had a rough stretch right around the all star break just before and just after where he had quite a few 30 point Fantasy games. But he's top 50 in 2 of the past 4, top 40 in all 4 of those. So I feel like you're getting at least a few $100 discount with Cade. So 79100, he is an option for tonight. Gentlemen, we're not we're not getting questions. I'm gonna throw out a suggestion for you to think about. Wizards Clippers is at 2:39 over under. Wizards coming off, played last night and went overtime. Also, just absolutely terrible. Also, you got Paul George maybe, probably not playing for the Clippers. Is this the night to pay for Harden or Kawhi? I mean, I just think you worry about the game getting out of hand and then Kawhi or Harden playing by 29 minutes. I think that's always the worry with these, with these games that are like Blowout fear. Yeah. I mean, I I say this for games that are 10 point spreads. This is a 16 point spread. So, yeah, I mean, I think look. I actually I mean, I'd be surprised if Paul George and Zubac played in this game. They're both questionable. What's the point? Right. So you may actually be able to find value in this game, you know, with some guys off the bench potentially. Like, maybe this is I I won't go as far as to say, like, you should play a mere coffee necessarily, but, like, you know the Daniel Theiss breakout we've been waiting for? You Just keep an eye on that game. You know? But But no. I mean, I could see people avoiding that game for that reason. So there's I think, you know, there's GPP stuff, you know, to talk about there. But It's also it's it's the it is the latest game, of the night. It is not part of DraftKings' main slate for tonight. The the latest game for the main slate is the Sacramento, Minnesota game. Also, it is worth noting, DraftKings NBA tonight is a non late swap night. So they're trying this. They're trying new non late swap contests. So their primary slate tonight is non late late swap. In that scenario, let's say for it let's say that the Clippers game was part of it because of the blowout potential, I would probably avoid both sides of it without late slot being available. Because I do. I I would be surprised if Zubac or Paul George play. But it's a good question. I mean, I I I feel very similar about Clippers Washington as I do about, yeah, some of these other lopsided games that we have on the slate. Yeah. It is how close is the Milwaukee, Chicago game gonna be? Where where the heck are they playing? Why is that a 10 PM EST game, Alex? I actually don't know. It's possible it's national TV. It is on ESPN. Yep. Okay. So weird. Very weird. PM EST out of Chicago. It is a is a weird thing that you see very, rarely. But there you know, the Philly, Charlotte game, for instance, another one that could be very lopsided. Yeah. You know, if that's the that is the early game, so it doesn't apply. But it's just something to keep in mind with non late swap. You know, some of your decisions are gonna have to be different. I will say, you know, you mentioned Charlotte, Philly, could be lopsided. It could also not be lopsided because the 70 sixers have been terrible lately, like, really bad. It's almost like they're missing their best player. It is almost like they're missing, their best player, but they so since January 25th, they have fought 4 wins, Four wins since January 25th. So, yes, they are a 11 and a half point favorite over the Hornets who played last night, and lost to Milwaukee, but, you know, could be a little closer, I think, than people expect. Let's see. We only I mean, this point, we only have 2 games we didn't talk about. So let's let's just quickly hit those and then and then get out of here. Golden State at Toronto, This is a 237 and a half over under. My goodness. Golden State's been cooking on offense. They just played last night in MSG now going to Toronto. We have Andrew Wiggins who is technically questionable, for tonight's game, but seems more than likely that he will not play. Yeah. I mean, I need anything from this game or the indie game, which shockingly, I will say, no nobody had the injury report for the Pelicans. Like, am I I'm going am I going crazy? We also have Neesmith, questionable for this game. So from these two games, anything that you see. Hey. Doesn't Dyson Daniels count his injury for Pelicans? He does. But, you know, McCollum, Ingram, and Zion have been Yeah. Have been questionable for, like, 2 weeks. Yeah. I for well, I'll I'll do the the Golden State game first. Golden State of Toronto, you've got a couple interesting values. The AirPods is still starting. Podgemski is still starting at the shooting guard spot for Golden State with Wiggins out. Moses Moody has made back to back spot starts. He's played 23 and 26 minutes in those two games. Chris Paul also joined the rotation, rejoined the rotation around the same time. So so Moody's not getting a, you know, a full complement of around 30 minutes. But he he'll he's good for about 25 minutes and and maybe 20 points. He's $4,000 on draft teams for tonight. Kuminga is he's picked up a little bit. He picked up his production a little bit with Wiggins out. He's coming off a nice 25, 8, 22, and 2 game. So he's an interesting option as well. For Toronto, I'm gonna go off the board. We're not gonna highlight someone in their starting lineup. You guys know those names. But what about Grady Dick? Almost my long shot suggestion of the week. Grady Dick sets the all star break or sets the trade deadline actually, has been a regular in Toronto's rotation routinely playing around 20 minutes, chucking up a bunch of threes. He had he had a 31 point fantasy outing, 31 fantasy points against Indiana on the 26th February in 23 minutes. He he's routinely reaching double figures and has a couple 30 point fantasy outings, actually. Grady Dick, 37100, could be a sneaky low ownership option from the Toronto side. Yes. He could be. Let's see. Oh, it's been a while. It's been a while, Ken. You had a couple weeks to to really fire up. What's the old man rant today? Do we really need 3 tribute statues for Kobe Bryant? 3? Michael Jordan, the greatest of all time and owner of 6 championships has one statue. Bill Russell, owner of 13 championships and the 1st black coach in NBA history, has one statue. But Kobe needs 3? This is classic overly dramatic Los Angeles. What's next? A Nick Van Axel blimp? Maybe a giant Al Gasol Transformer robot? That said, I did enjoy this quote from his wife Vanessa Bryant at the unveiling of the first statue. Vanessa said, quote, Kobe picked the pose you're about to see. So if anyone has issues with it, tough shit. Three statues though? I support Nick the quick statues everywhere and anywhere in America. Man, that's a blimp. You're not really set. You're kinda doing the opposite of, like, making your point there. You're like, what? We need a nick there. I'm like, yeah. Probably. Actually, it should. We have more of that. Okay. Mispronounced names. I think we have I think we have. I think you may have slipped, and call it. Andrew Wiggins, Allen Wiggins. Allen Wiggins. It's a good one. Beginning, but, that's that's bound to happen. Okay. Thank you everybody for joining us on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast presented by us. Free trial. Rotor wire.com/trial. Also, we would appreciate a like on the video, a subscription, the rotor wire NBA YouTube page, and just in general for you to to plead, pledge your allegiance to rotor wire. What's the end quote here, Ken? Let's go to San San Antonio where recently released veteran Patty Mills said, quote, learn that you can stand up for who you are. Stand up for your heritage and be proud, end quote. Attention, passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.