Welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast, brought to you by Underdog fantasy and FanDuel. It's Friday, February 9th, Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken, k train crates. All aboard for post trade deadline madness. Post trade deadline madness, get hyped, grab your coffee, do whatever you gotta do. You know, look at everyone's roster. Realize that, Kevin Knox is a part of the Jazz and, Robin Lopez has got traded and all this stuff. But let's let's go through some bigger trades. We're not gonna get too dialed into the draft pick minutia, and cash. You know, I think the Bucks acquired some cash yesterday. But, yeah, let's just start at the top. The Knicks have the headliner, Bojan Bogdanovic and Alec Burks from Detroit, and then Quinton Grimes and some other stuff goes to Detroit. The Knicks are going to be missing Julius Randle for another 2 to 3 weeks. It was Yang and Obi. Now got diagnosed with an injury that they'll cost him 3 to 4 weeks. He had been out. It was an elbow injury. Jalen Brunson day to day. I think the hope for the Knicks is that Randall and Anunoby both come back in late February optimistically, but don't be surprised if, you know, it's actually March. Yeah. For for for the Knicks, this adds a bunch of scoring. Right? This is I mean, real life terms, I I love this move. They didn't give up that much. They get a scoring punch, etcetera. But when everyone is healthy on New York, Boyan's gonna come off the bench. It's just gonna be Yanomie and Randoll in the starting lineup. You know, the they're big winners, Ken, but what do you think here either from a real life or from a fantasy perspective? Well, let's face it. If some Midwestern team had traded for these 2, would everyone be jumping up and down? Like, yeah, the Knicks are playing really well, and now they've got 3 key players hurt. And but people love East Coast bias. Nick Train. Oh my gosh. Everything's fabulous. Like, it's this is not that huge a trade, and maybe this speaks to the small size of the other deals made, but people are jumping up and down. I realize there's a 100 columnist that have to write a winners and losers article, but this is fine. Those 2 don't play defense, so Tibbs is gonna hate them sooner or later. But it's a very nice Band Aid on a team that does need some scoring, and, hopefully, it helps them get through. It's gonna be a rough month with all their stars out. You, you wouldn't drop Bowie on, would you? You have to at least wait until Anubia and Randall come back and then see what happens. I agree. Shannon? Yes. Yeah. Exactly. Bogey Bogey is gonna be fine until Randall and or OG returns. But once that happens, he's gonna be droppable. But for now, hold them, and then, you know, down the stretch run, find find a good, replacement to stream in there. Shannon, what do you think is gonna happen with Will Grimes in Detroit? Will? Will Grimes? Quinn. Quinn Grimes. Oh, man. Oh, it is. I wrote down, will Grimes have meaningful role in Detroit? I meant as in Willkie. Of course. Well, if I will it hard enough, maybe. But I doubt it. I doubt it. I I actually expect Grimes to have a reserve role with the Pistons. You know, really coming off the bench, and and subbing in at the 2 and the 3 spot. So he'll essentially be their their 6th or 7th man right in that range. Cunningham, Ivy, and Assar Thompson should be locked in at the 1, 2, and 3 moving forward for the Pistons Pistons in the starting lineup at least. Speaking of the Pistons, they've got a win streak, baby, back to back wins. You can count on the number. Past 8. One of the hottest teams Way to go. At the bottom of the standings. Well, you know, Grimes is gonna get all those glorious Killian Hayes minutes. He could. He could get some of those. I wanted to put a compilation video of all the times Shannon recommended Killian Hayes as a free agent pickup. Well, it's 2 years. So would it That would be, you know, at least 48 minutes of viewing pleasure. Crap. I I like Will Grimes from a real life fit on the Pistons. From a fantasy perspective, I do not expect him to have a big impact. Yeah. Quentin Grimes, well, we'll get into it later, but, he's my long shot pick, but long shot. Okay. Hey. Dallas made 2 trades yesterday, landing them PJ Washington from Charlotte and Daniel Gafford from Washington. The Mavs now have a 2 headed monster at center with Gafford and rookie Derek Lively. This kinda lowers both of their values unless Lively's nose injury is worse than expected. He has missed 5 games with his broken nose. Alex, have you heard any more injury rumors on a lively? Chop that thing off, baby. No. Top of the nose? Yes. I no. I think it's just, it's giving him a lot of trouble. So I you know, nose injuries only last so long unless it's got, like like, shattered, shattered, and I think it's just, caused from Yeah. Yeah. But So to me, fantasy wise, though, hey. Now Marvin Bagley and Rashaun Holmes are the centers for your Wizards who we know at least play a fast pace and zero defense. I think you pointed out in your column yesterday, Alex, the Bagley's the, safe pickup, and I did pick up Marvin Bagley in the league. But you have always loved the permanent production of Rashaun Holmes, who is 30 years old. Yeah. Look. Pick pick up Marvin Bagley, but I am worried worried in a good way that Rashaun Holmes is gonna start playing minutes again. He just the past 2 seasons for him, like, last 2 seasons ago in Sacramento, he basically fell out of the rotation. This year in Dallas, he couldn't he couldn't latch on, but those were situations where teams were trying to win, and they had some other options. Washington doesn't really have other options, and I think they would love to rehabilitate Reshaun Holmes' value as much as possible. He is 30. Doesn't fit their timeline, but I I also don't know what they're doing. So Yeah. So your recommend your recommendation is that you think Holmes is going to get extra run because Washington is is is not trying to win. Oh, yeah. Pretty much. That checks out. Yeah. I think I think if you're in a 16 team league, you should at least entertain the idea of Rashaun Holmes. 16 teamer. Sure. Sure. I I do. I think Marvin Begley is actually the the apple of this Yeah. Waiver wire period, post trade deadline waiver wire period. He's the hottest pickup in my opinion. He he performed he's performed well with the Wizards coming off the bench or or getting spot starts when Gafford was out. Begley is currently out with a back injury and has already been rolled out for Friday's game. But Begley is the guy who I would want. I I think he's should play close to 30 minutes per game for the Wizards once he's healthy, and he should be productive. You know? He might not be a good winning player at the NBA level, but he can produce from a fantasy standpoint if he's getting that many minutes. I agree. Bagley is our cover guy for the pod this week, and I've got him in my pickups, my waiver wire talk later. But, guys, question for you. PJ Washington, is he really a 1st round pick better than Grant Williams? Because they gave up a 1st round pick and Williams to get Washington. It's it's not about it's Grant Williams, it's his contract. Grant Williams, everybody hates him and his contract is deal, but it's a year longer. I And he's worse. Did PJ Washington is significantly better than Grant Williams? I actually am probably one of the few. We can't talk about PJ Washington in our waiver wire segment because he's too heavily rostered, set over 70%. I think that should be pushed up higher, because of this trade. I am one of the few pundits who believe his value will increase from the fancy side with the move to Dallas. People so I've seen some claim he has more competition for minutes with Dallas. I do not believe that's the case at all. He was the backup to Miles Bridges in Charlotte, whereas in Dallas, he should be the starting power forward as soon as he's ready. They have he's competing for minutes with basically, Maximilian, Claiborne, Derrick Jones. Josh Green's gonna start at the 3. Give me PJ Washington. I think he's gonna start. He'll be, you know, 14 points, 6, 7 rebounds, and get you those steal or or, I'm sorry, the blocks and 3 pointers from the 4 position, which is really what has buoyed his fancy value for the past couple years anyways. I was a big PJ Washington fan, not this past summer, but the prior summer when Bridges was gonna be out for the year. And I thought Washington's really gonna own the starting 4 spot for Hornets. And, frankly, he never did grab the bull by the horns. He he wound up getting sent back to the bench. I I felt a little burned on Washington last season. I don't know. We'll see. I think it's gonna I think they're gonna they're gonna I we might see some Gafford at PowerForward. I think it's gonna be a the others are always gonna be a mess in Dallas. PJ Washington scored 43 points in an NBA game less than 2 weeks ago. He he's good. He's significantly better than Grant Williams. Alright. Well, wonderful. Shannon, take us to the news out of Oklahoma City. Alright. OKC Thunder Ed, Gordon Hayward. Hayward's been out since December 26th. He was questionable on Wednesday, which was an upgrade. Went healthy. He'll probably come off the bench for OKC. He's really, the only meaningful veteran on this roster. SGA, remember. I mean, he seems like he's been around forever and he kinda has, but he's only 25. So this is, you know, a good veteran presence, add some composure to this team for their playoff run. Alex, when do you think Hayward is gonna return to the court? So he was actually questionable for the Hornets previous game before being ruled out. So I wouldn't be surprised if he's back before the all star break. Okay. Nice. And where do we see him sliding in for the Thunder? You know, right now, they're going with the starting lineup of SGA, Giddey, Dort, Jalen Williams, Chet Holmgren. Does he push Giddey or Dort out of that starting lineup or is he going to be coming off the bench? So I think he'll come off the bench to start, or to begin. I shouldn't say come off the bench to start. They will come off the bench, but I won't be surprised if he steals minutes from namely like Aaron Wiggins, but then I could see him closing games over Josh Giddey. Exactly. That exactly and door look doors up and down. His minutes are up and down. Sometimes they don't need them for his defense. He'll get in foul trouble, whatever. So they do love his defense. They do love his defense. And yeah, Hayward's not a lockdown defender. No, he's not. And of course, getting traded does not fix his injury issues. I wrote that in my article. Yeah. It doesn't fix what's going on with Hayward, but I would be I would be shocked. I shouldn't say shocked. I think he'll play about 24 to 28 minutes most nights, but could push into the thirties in certain situations. You know, I like this move for OKC. They did need a veteran as you pointed out, Shannon. They don't really have a veteran on the squad. And it came at a really low cost. I think it's a few second round picks, and they've got a ton of salary room on this squad. So there's plenty money wise, it's not a problem at all. My only kinda minor complaint is it's not like Gordon has a ton of playoff success. He might be as shell shocked as these kids once playoff intensity kicks in. Because I don't I I like I see, I should look up how many playoff games, but he never had a run with the Jazz. He wasn't healthy for the Celtics playoff stuff. Don't you remember that? Wasn't playing with Charlotte. That beautiful composed run he had to the final 4. Right? Didn't they make the final 4? I think so. He was he was great. He was great. That was many moons ago. It's time to go. Yes. The college final 4. Yeah. Yeah. It is good, though. I like the fact, you know, you bring in a a mentor for Giddey who who definitely should not be in a mentor role himself. So I like I like the move for OKC. Yeah. Alex, take us to Philadelphia. Yes. Philly Agate Buddy healed from the Pacers who, Pacers gave up, Firk on Corkmaz. So, rest in peace with the the Corkmaz era. One of the last, you know, signs of the process is is finally left the building. Yeah. I just, the buddy healed is going to I don't think he's gonna see that much more minutes or usage than he was in Indiana. Maybe at first because De'Anthony Melton is still out. But, you know, when when Melton's healthy, when Batum is healthy, I don't a 100% know what they're gonna do with their starting 5. I think I think Bobby Hield is gonna continue to play about, like, 26 to 28 minutes a game. He's got he's gotta add to the erratic results of Kelly Oubre here. You know what I mean? Like, Kelly is a gunner, but you couldn't always trust him. He needs to have some 3 for 16 nights. And now you got you you you never know like, who's gonna be hot and just keep shooting? I don't think he can have both of them on the court together too much. They're just kind of, redundant. But, I I actually told my Philadelphia fan here in Vermont when they made that Harden deal, I said they're gonna use these assets to get Buddy healed of the trade deadline. And then they did actually didn't have to use any of the assets they got in that Harden trade. They can were able to get healed for 2nd round picks. So, frankly, it was a nice cheap move for Philly. What what assets they got assets for Harden? I believe that Buddy Heel, much like PJ Washington, I think this trade will increase Buddy Heel's value. I believe he will eventually start for the Philadelphia 70 sixers. It might not be the first couple games, but this is a team that's rolling out. Nicholas Fatoum in the starting lineup. That doesn't need to happen. You can slide Tobias Harris over to the 4, have Buddy Heald start at the 3. You could even start Buddy Heald over Melton and have Melton return to that backup role that he strived in for many, many years. So I actually think Buddy Heald will eventually start seeing more consistent playing time and, as a result, have more consistent production than he did in the end of the season. Indiana never really settled on a rotation. Carlisle was experimenting left and right. Yeah. We had some other smaller deals, the Schroeder Dinwiddie swap, which gave me a migraine. Dinwiddie then got waived Toronto. Got O'chai Baji and kali Olynyk Tillman went to Boston. Detroit gets fun. Take yo, just a bunch of other multiple band Undefeated in the Fantechio era. That is true. But you did goon out 80. Didn't you wave Galinari? Yeah. Yeah. No. I didn't see it. They waved a rooster? They were Yeah. So what's the point what's the point of getting Fantechio? Those 2 hanging out with their own espresso bar in the Piston locker room. They can only have that much machismo, Italian machismo, and lover boy. Boom. You can only have 1 in the room. You can only have 1 in the room. Yeah. It's like They're gonna have Zuchero playing on the stereo system. Zuchero, by the way, is the Italian Elton John. Yeah. It's like, you know, some teams get guys from some these guys from clutch sports, some guys like guys from certain colleges. I thought Detroit was gonna put together the Italian national team. Oh, would it be great? See those guys in velour track suits hanging out, sipping back Cheetos? Got it. Eat little Caesars. That's bad news. Alright. Well, time to talk about our good friends at underdog fantasy, Alex. Yeah. Underdog fantasy, number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code RW NBA. That's promo code RWNBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code RWNBA to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. That underdog app is pretty sweet. That's code r w n b a. Shannon, Alex, strap yourself in, boys, because this is the ever growing popular segment of the site where our beloved fans, usually through YouTube, maybe the Twitters. I don't know. We're are we on TikTok with this? I I can't tell. Ask us fabulous questions. If we answer them live, we're gonna start with Paul. Paul wants to know he dropped Sohan for Gigi Jackson of your Memphis Grizzlies. Was this a good move? I don't hate it. Sohan, you know, blast 3 games for him. He's been he's been pretty down, and he's played better since moving to the bench, but he's still been fairly up and down. Gigi Jackson. Just got signed to a 4 year contract, off of a two way deal. And yes, he is also inconsistent in his own way, but has shown some stuff for the Grizzlies lately. I think this is kinda league dependent. I think Sohan might end up being a better category league player. Jackson could end up being a better points league guy. Because Jackson could be empty on blocks, steals. Like, he's just a gunner. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, oh, I agree. I I would go with Gigi Jackson. He had a big 27.9 rebound performance last night against the Bulls. You know, over the past 3 games, he's averaging 20.3.7 rebounds, 1.3 steals, and 3 3 pointers. Field goal percentage is gonna be a problem. He he had a 3 for 14 and a 4. An issue with Sohan too though. Right? Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. So Sohan definitely has the, some efficiency issues as well. But Gigi, I I love his upside for the remainder of the season. They obviously would believe in him after giving that 4 year deal, trading away David Rowdy to kinda clear some more minutes for him as well. I wouldn't be surprised if if Memphis sits even more folks like Aldama or or, you know, triple j down the stretch, and Gigi is truly unleashed. Alright. Here's one more. It's come from, Noble, via the Twitters. You just dropped Kelly The Clinic Olinik for Andre Drummond in a 14 team category league. Is this a good or bad move, fellas? I don't mind this because we're seeing some alarming things out of Chicago. Drummond started next to vouch of itch the other night, played 35 minutes, went for 1616 with 4 blocks, came off the bench against Memphis, 31 minutes, 21, 131, and 1. Yeah. I look Drummond. If Drummond played a guaranteed 20 minutes a game, he would be a must roster player. If he's gonna start playing 30 minutes a game, this is like you gotta add him in, like, every league, like, 10 team, points leagues, anything. So, yes, I'm fine with this. 14 team cat, he is worth an ad. You know, the one one caution to the win that that I'll throw out there is Memphis essentially, we're gonna round up and say Aldama's a 7 footer. He's 611. Both Memphis and Minnesota started 2 7 footers or 6 10 plus players in their front court against the Bulls. So that opened up the opportunity. That's why Drummond received this received the spot start going against Minnesota's Twin Towers. And then he played 30 plus minutes. Plus, I mean, the Bulls haven't made any roster or any trades at least in in, like, two and a half years or something insane. It might be a little bit longer than that. They basically are running, like, 6 guys right now until Pat Williams gets back. So Drummond by default should get pretty solid minutes. And we already saw, you know, in the women of minutes that you've seen earlier this season or or for over the course of the entire entire season, 16 minutes per, and he's already grabbing 8 and a half boards and 1.1 steals. I expect the minutes in the production to to be up for at least, the next, handful of games. Alright, fellas. And one last question, this one from Peter. Let's come and rephrase this a little. Ben Matherin or also Dasung Mu of Chicago. He's saying, are they still holds? But let's which of those 2 do you prefer rest of season? Both of them are still a hold. Mathurin is interesting. Now that healed is gone. I think, you know, maybe he starts playing 30 minutes more consistently. I think they have similar upside, but to soon move does stuff other than score points, especially on defense that Mathura is not gonna do. So, if you need defensive stats, I would lean to Sun Mu. If you're more offensive leaning, I would go Mathrin. Well, I'll talk about Ben Math more, in our waiver wire period. But that's where I'm leaning. Desumu is fine, but he is the player. If there is anyone who's been impacted by drum and seeing increased run, it's Desumu. Desumu played 39 minutes, 3 games in a row until Drummond was unleashed, and he's dropped below 30 minutes each of the past 2 games, 29 and 27. He is also the player that moved to the bench when Drummond received that spot start against Minnesota. So I like Ben Math quite a bit just because he's a dude who can go out there and score 30 points at any given night. This, this this this Bulls Twin Towers lineup is it's kind of reminded me the Detroit Pistons. Well, Jalen Durham, Isaiah Stewart, little, Andre Drummond, Nikola Vucevic. Isaiah Stewart's, like, 6, 8 maybe. Alright. Well, that's it for the fan feedback. Alex, take us to the big money segments. Yes. The waiver wire. So for our games next week, just a heads up that you got to be checking your schedule for whatever site League you play in because we're dealing with the All Star break coming up soon. So, you know, from February 12th, which is Monday to February 19th. Only a handful of teams 5. In fact, play 3 games. Everyone else plays to accept the Oklahoma City thunder who play one lone game. And despite that, Ken, I'm recommending you pick up Gordon Hayward. This is a little maybe a little counterintuitive. You know, Hayward, I should say the main thing here, Hayward expected to return soon. He got dropped in a lot of leagues. Yeah. And, as I mentioned at the top, it 32 megs per game this season. He's averaging 155 and 5. I think there's a strong chance he takes minutes from Aaron Wiggins. I think he could close over Josh Giddey, Lou Dort here and there might miss some time. This is not like a major priority ad because he is still injury prone. He will probably come off the bench, all that stuff. He's gonna have some rest in games. That's just like, oh, Hayward injury risk rest. Yeah. If you're the thing is if you're in like a 12 teams, you know, there's gonna be a lot of other options out there for you. But if you're in a 14 team league or a 16 team league, especially if you're in fab, if you have a fab situation and you got 9 waiver wire options, you're trying to pick up, you know, $8, $3, $2 throw Gordon Hayward at the end of that and just see if, you know, you could pick them up if you if you absolutely need a boost. Ken, who are you going with? I have an unusual suggestion as opposed to an actual name. I'm just saying the whole gaggle of Memphis Grizzlies. Just throw a dart at somebody Santi Aldama, Gigi Jackson, Scottie Pippen, or even Jacob Gilliard. They're all rostered 7 to 24%. Memphis has no one healthy. They just dumped Roddy and Tillman. I mean, they they just they gave Gigi Jackson a a contract a little after they gave Vince William a real contract. Just throw a dart at the skeleton crew. Somebody's gonna be someone's gonna shine, but I'd be lying if I said I knew who. Vince Williams should be long gone, but check for him. He's he's rostered in 64%. So a third of leagues, you can still get Vince Williams. Why this is gonna be awesome. Do you 2 have any preferences in this gaggle of grizzlies? Oh, boy. Well, I could tell you in the last 10 games, Vince Williams has seen the most minutes per game followed by Jaren Jackson. That gets out to y'all dama who we know is solid when he gets the minute. So I would say aldama Conchar is actually after that. Yeah. I'm actually it's major preference is no, but I think the order of the minutes per game is not bad. I I my preference is to not touch John Conchar with, any any length of pull. But give me give me Santi Santi Claus. Give me Gigi Jackson. Give me Scottie Pippen Junior. I like Scottie Pippen Junior more than Gillyard. Start. Got the start last night. Exactly. With me. Yeah. Scottie Pippen's been been Scottie Pippen junior has been very solid when he gets plenty of time. It's been like every other game is the interesting part. But over the past 4, contests he started that he's played in, he has started 3 of those 4 games, and he is top 30 FanDuel Fantasy points in each of those 4 games. If he if he sticks in the starting lineup, I think he's absolutely worth a look. You know? And, this reminds me so much of when the Houston Astros tanked and they uncovered Jose Altuve at 2nd base as a gem that if they weren't tanking, Altuve never would have gotten the at bats to show what a, you know, a huge star it could be. I'm not saying they're gonna find an MVP, but the Grizzlies are gonna uncover some gems, I think, some cheap gems, whether it's Williams or it's Jackson or it's Pippen. But I love reading their box scores, and they're gonna uncover some gems when they're competitive. Imagine how cool Altuve would look on an NBA basketball. K. K. I wanna give you I wanna give you a quick pop quiz. You have no reason to know the answer to this. Okay. How many players do you think have gotten at least one start for the Memphis Grizzlies this season? Oh, I'm gonna say 1617. Like it's insane, right? Shannon, you have a guess 23. Ken, you are pretty much right. It's 18 players have started. Oh. This is this year and 13. Sorry. 14 have started at least 7 games. Oh, sure. Yeah. 11 have started at least 10 games. So how many how many juniors? How many juniors? Jaren Jackson junior, Vince Williams junior, Scottie Pippen junior, Kenneth Lofton junior. Oh, yeah. And Kevin Lofton. Yeah. Gigi Jackson the second. Oh. That counts. And then, honorable mention, Xavier Tillman senior. Yeah. I love it. Love it. And if there's ever a guy who deserves a senior, it's a 25 looking 45 year old Xavier Tillman. Yeah. He he doesn't even have a dad. That is He's just, he's he's just born a senior. You came out of the womb with that bearded receding airline. He's he's his own he he is his own dad. He's a junior and a senior. Who is your daddy? I am. That's the top research right there, Alex. Scott, that there's your money. We should just close the pot on that. They're not gonna do any better. But that said, Shannon, give us your, top waiver wire pick of the week. Yeah. Benedict Matherin for the Indiana Pacers. He you know, with Buddy Heel gone, that should open up playing time for for Ben Math. He's 52% rostered on Yahoo. We've seen the way Ben Math can perform when when he gets hot. His per 36 numbers are solid this year, very comparable to his rookie season, 20.4 points, 5.3 rebounds, 2.7 assists. Not much on the defense, Ben, but a solid 45 and 83 percent for the percentages. And he's also hitting 1.83 pointers. And and that again, that's per 36. I do not expect him to get, 36 minutes per game, but there is a chance, you know, they're either gonna keep him in a reserve role, have him be the 6th man, have him be in that microwave, that Vinnie Johnson off the bench, or he could easily replace Andrew Nembhard in the starting lineup, and probably should. He's definitely the better player between the 2. But I would be surprised if from this date forward, Ben Math is the 3rd leading scorer be be behind Halliburton and Siakam, for the remainder of the season. Passing Miles Turner. You know, I think Nembhard will be starter in name only, meaning, yeah, Nebhardt. You know, people will shy away from Matherin because he's not starting, but Matherin will have more minutes more importantly than Nebhardt regardless of who starts. Yeah. They don't they don't need more offense in that in that starting lineup. Exactly. Right. Defense. It does really need defense. All right, Alex. Who is your second pickup? And you could have done this as your long shot, but no, no, you had the cojones to make them a regular pick. I basically got 2 long shots. I will say our our friend and coworker Ryan said who had the Jose Altuve reference on their bingo card. Most of my bingo card, for Ken is HR violations. So very few player names. HR violations and seventies NBA players who played for the Bullets. Yeah. Wes Unsell the references, stuff like that. Elvin Hayes? Yeah. John Runfield? Some dude I just made up maybe. Jeff Rulitz. You're the good Jeff Rulitz, and that was eighties. Oh, man. Well, there's another guy who is not from the eighties. It's Taylor Hendrix, who was probably born in 2001. I've got T shirts older than Taylor Hendrix. Yes. Hendrix of the Utah Jazz, 3% rostered right now. This is a deep league suggestion. Jazz tricking away, Kelly Olynyk and Simone Fontecchio. In the wake of that, Hendrix played 18 minutes last night. Yes. He only scored 3 points. He took at least he took 5 shots. You know, not bad. Maybe he can score 8 next time. 8 rebounds, 1 assist, and 1 block. Per 36, though, for Hendrix, 12 points, 7 rebounds, 1.3 steals, 2.4 threes, 2.9 stocks. Stocks are especially interesting for those in category leagues. The hope here is that he could start shooting better than, you know, 38, 35, 75 from the field. But if you're in a deep league and, again, you're kind of throwing darts at the wall, maybe some late season shenanigans in March for the Jazz, you know, they they spent a pretty high pick on Hendrix. I forget exactly what it was, but it was a high lottery pick or a midline pick. Would he give his minutes to Kevin Knox or Luca Samanak? You know, the the the perpetual g league power forward? No. No. Play Hendrix. He's like 12 years old, though. I am a little concerned that at his young age oh, he did turn Yeah. He, 9th overall pick. Yeah. He was born November 22, 2003 in Fort Lauderdale. Oh, those were I'd say one other one other, note from that Utah game is Walker Kessler started at center. They went big, started Kessler, John Collins, Markkanen, and and, you know, so Kessler Kessler, stands, rejoice, 10 points, 9 rebounds, 6 stops. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Kessler manager should be ecstatic with this trade. Yes. Okay. Well, I'm gonna go with who, at one point, Shannon said was the top trade deadline fantasy winner slash waiver wire pickup, and that is Marvin Moneybags Bagley in Washington. He's gotta be the starting center now that Daniel Gafford's in Detroit. Admittedly, Bagley is hurt, won't play this weekend, but it's not a big time injury. Right, Shannon? Am I right, Alex? Bagley? Yeah. Sorry. I was looking up, I was looking up Bagley's stuff. 28 that's, 20 18 19 all rookie selection, Marvin Bagley, to you, by the way. 4 straight absences, I he partially participated in Tuesday's practice before being ruled out Wednesday and then Friday. So he's on his way back. He's on his way back. Look, per 36 this season and that split between Detroit and Washington, 21 points, 10 rebounds, 1.4 stocks while shooting 52% from the field. It's not a good free throw shooter at 69%, but you kinda expect your centers to have poor free to percentage. Look. This Washington team is terrible. They don't play any defense. Marvin Bagley is gonna get a ton of offensive possessions. I don't know why they didn't deal Tyus Jones. That's a whole another topic, for the Wizards, but, Bagley is gonna get a crazy amount of touches, crazy amount of minutes. Maybe Rashaun Holmes pushes them, but there's plenty of minutes on this god awful squad for both of them. I think Marvin Bagley is a really nice upside waiver wire pickup right now. I don't there's there's no way you can wager it, but I wish I could wager on will Marvin Bagley score a career high, points. Rest in season. At some point with the Washington Wizards. Yes. Yes. His career high right now is 32 points, and I I promise you you will score 30. Kuzma will have a cold one night or just stop caring or go to a fashion show and badly will get 33. A fashion show. He's always doing the fashion stuff. Like, come on. Play the ball. Play the game. Alright. Shannon, who's your second pickup? I like it. I like it a lot. Asar Thompson, d defensive wizard for the Detroit Pistons. He started 2 games in a row, back to back games, both wins for the Detroit Pistons. Have I mentioned that yet this episode? 27 is double digit wins. They're sniffing double digit wins for the season. 27 to 28 minutes in those two games, with averages of 9.5 and a half rebounds, 1.5 steals. Nothing to get too excited about. Alright? We we know he he has some problems, shooting the ball. He's 63% from the from the free throw line, 4048% from the from the, field, which is actually pretty solid, but only 15% from downtown. The 3 points shot will continue to be a struggle, but if he is truly unleashed and playing 27, 28 to 30 minutes per game for Monty Williams, we're gonna see solid defensive production from Assar Tops. And so if you need defense, that is one of the key areas where he will be able to contribute for your fantasy team. You know, it does remain to be seen how this team is gonna integrate, Fantechio, and also Quentin Grimes. I do expect both of those players. Those are the 2, trade deadline acquisitions that that I expect Detroit to work into the rotation. I don't believe that we're gonna see Troy Brown, Evan Fournier, you know, Malachi Flynn get, too much run for this team. And and but hopefully hopefully, with Fantec Fantechio and Grimes, they don't unseat Thompson. You know, we have, Muscala banished to the bench to never return. We'll see. I can't trust anything that Monty does, but you have to assume he's gonna he's gonna just roll Thompson out there and starting lineup for the rest of the season. If Fournier gets minutes and why they haven't bought him out already? I don't know. If Fournier gets minutes, the Pistons fans should just boycott the arena. They should just refuse to go. I think they're maybe already doing that, but that would be an atrocity. Sidebar, you and I were slacking yesterday about Jaden Ivy really should get a ton of minutes. In fact, play until his knees bleed. Well, he did play 48 minutes last night, that overtime w over the blazers. 48. I I I was kidding a little with the bleeding knees, but Amazing comeback win. Amazing comeback win. The game before Ivy had 19 points in the Q4. You know, MVP chants will start ringing out in the LCA. How many fans were in the arena in Portland for that classic Pistons Trail Blazers matchup last night? I could probably tell you if you give me a minute. What what was I I was gonna say something. I lost it. Tickets sold. They don't really show. Alex, you we're gonna stay in Detroit. Yeah. Attendance, 18,125. Hell yeah. That is a lie, ladies and gentlemen. Portland is Portland is a good place to watch a game. Yeah. That's tickets. And they do not butts in the seats. The Portland fills up every time. No matter how good or bad that team is. I've, you know, maybe it's just like a Truman Show situation. Marcus Sasser, Detroit Pistons, 11% rostered Detroit. You might have heard the triggered bowie on Bogdanovic. They dropped Killian Hayes. Like this is fantasy. They just said, sorry, brother. We're waving you Sasser last night played 38 megats, 17 points, 11 assists, and 2 steals. We're gonna talk about Grimes a little bit. We, yeah, a little bit later very soon. Fantechio, those guys, I think they're gonna see meaningful minutes, but I don't think either, like, guaranteed 30 a night. I just think there's room here for for Sasser to see 20 minutes again regularly. You got I mean, given what he's shown, it would make sense. Like, he is a much better passer than I think people anticipate. He's not just like a spark plug score. He's not Cam Thomas. He can pass, and he also has shown some stuff on defense despite being undersized. So, yeah. I hope I he gets him run down the stretch. Sasser has upside. And frankly, I like him better than who I put in my long shot, which is sad because I I got to pick first, being on eastern time. But I'll also stay in Detroit for my long shot. I wanna I think Quentin Grimes is gonna get a ton of run as well. Gonna see Sasser and Grimes coming off the bench a lot. I think Grimes is gonna get 20 to 25 minutes a night. He played 30 minutes a game last season for the Knicks. Wasn't all that great though. A little over 11 points, 2.2 threes, 1.1 stocks a game, but probably should have more uses with the Pistons. But I I guess I am also raising my hand for the Detroit backcourt for my long shot. But, yeah, Sasser or Grimes could be interesting. Yeah, I think Grimes is mostly just a 3 point specialist. So, yeah, but category leagues. Yeah. You need that. Well, let's go to Shannon's long shot pick who a name that I've been pestering you to up his, rest of season projections a little, but maybe post trade now, you proved correct, Alex, but go for it, Shannon. Yeah. Josh Green for the Dallas Mavericks. I I was amazed to see that he's only 21% rostered. He has been on quite a tear. Over the past week, he is averaging 16.8 points, 5.8 rebounds, 3.3 assists, and 3 steals in 33 minutes per he has been a lock in the starting lineup since January 3rd. He had he had started. All 17, of his appearances, have have been as a member of the starting 5 for Dallas. He had 1 DNP, which I I believe he was standard or sick for that game. But over that 17 game stretch, 31 and a half minutes per 12.2 points, 4.2 rebounds, 1.93 pointers, Dallas believes in Josh Green. I I can't say I have as much faith in him as as they do. But, you know, there are plenty of rumors with PJ Washington going to Dallas prior to the deadline, and Charlotte apparently wanted Josh Green for and a lesser, less heavily protected first round pick and Josh Green for Washington. And that's that's the true reason why that, Dallas pick is only top 2 protected is because they had to sacrifice that those protections to not include Josh Green in the deal. To me, that's clear sign. Josh Green's gonna stick in the starting lineup. I don't think they're gonna start Derek Jones over him. Like I said, I I do believe PJ Washington will start at the 4. Josh Green should be locked in as Dallas is starting small forward. He's a good, 3 he he's a 3 point specialist for the most part. He can get you some defensive stats and not not great, but solid solid percentages from the floor. Free throws dicey. He doesn't take a lot of those. But if you need some some scoring and 3 point shooting, he's worth a look. You mentioned percentages. Actually, he's been on a great heat of the last 10 games. 52% from the field and 85% from the charity stripe the last 2 in games. He's figured something out. I I think he could be that ideal catch and shoot guy that Luca and Kyrie need. The shot clock clock is, dwindling down. Yes. His his hot. He's got a he's got a shooting a little less hot, but he's basically like a 5040 guy. So, yeah, we'll see. Any drops? Any guys other than dent the rooster Gallinari? Anybody, Killian Hayes? Anybody? We're we're we're not we're not Derek Lively. That's kind of a bummer Gafford showing up. It kind of hurts both those guys. I think it does hurt both of those guys. I don't think they're gonna be drops, but shallower leagues. If you're in a 10 team or just unfortunately, you might have to keep an eye on it. Drops Ivy. I don't think there's like any immediate drops. I mean, maybe Dinwiddie actually, you might want it. You might want to get thicker dropping Dinwiddie since he is not on an NBA roster currently. I guess the concern would be that he signed somewhere and starts playing, like, 26 minutes off the bench. But, you know, if he has to be sacrificed for you to get a really strong waiver pickup, then I think you can probably go ahead and do that. And there's some other guys who it's just that we just don't know. Like, Dennis Schroeder. Is he gonna play 34 minutes for Brooklyn, or is he gonna play 24 minutes for Brooklyn? We don't know about, like, Olinnick. Is Olinnick gonna get bought out? Is he gonna start playing 15 minutes? Is he gonna maybe he's a pickup. It's just it's there's some stuff that's still kind of unclear. So, I think that is a general overview of of what's going on. Alright. Well, that's the end of our waiver wire segment. Let's talk FDF or DFS, sponsored by our good friends at FanDuel. Yes. FanDuel, who sponsors our Friday NBA DFS chat with Shannon and Alex. That comes up later in the show, but let's talk NFL Super Bowl. Hey. You can tackle 1,000,000 in prizes in FanDuel Fantasy Contest. If you're new to fantasy, the suit roll's a great time to get in on the action, slap together some lineups because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match of up to a $100. Playing fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. I'm kind of being a contrarian in my laps and going George Kittle instead of the insanely popular Travis Kelce. Shannon, you got any thoughts for Super Bowl DFS? It's same as last week, man. Fade Brock Purdy. KC defense does look good. Anyway, plus on FanDuel, you can choose from full slate contests featuring multiple games, single game contests, season long best ball contests, beginner only contests, and, of course, nightly NBA, which we chat about here on the pod. Anyway, all these are great for learning the ropes. And when you win, you get paid instantly. So kick off the Super Bowl with a 100% deposit match of up to a 100 smack a roonies. Go to FanDuel dot com to start playing for huge cash prizes today. And with that, let's now move on to the FanDuel Friday NBA DFS pick segment with Shannon and Alex. There are 6 games today, and we have the highest over under Atlanta at Philly 243. Almost more than any point in the season, any individual day, you gotta check the lineups today. You gotta check the injuries. Guys got traded. They got moved. Guys are sitting out. It's crazy rules on, like, who can play right away and who can't on these trades. Like like, if I'm check here for some reason, he's like gotta he has to go back to the border and hang out with the fucking place. He has to go back to Italy. They have to do more physical there. It's a it's a whole thing. I mean, Nick and I were talking. I can't even believe there were games yesterday. Then there were 9. I mean, it's like, what are we doing? Why? Why are they? Deadline? That is a little crazy. They used to have it closer to the all star break, but then the the sidetracked the all star break. So they said we need to we need to have this deadline before the all star break. But I agree. They should. It should be a game free slate on the on the trade deadline. That would be fantastic. And the day after just 2 days and then push the season back or started 2 days earlier. Like, why are we, anyway, don't don't get me started. That would be my young man. That'll be my young man rant. 1 of these podcasts. Okay. So on this slate, it's it's small enough to where I can just quickly run through the games here just in terms of who's actually playing Atlanta at Philly, Washington at Boston, Houston at Toronto, Charlotte at Milwaukee, Denver at Sacramento, New Orleans at the Lakers. Shannon, where are you turning first? I mean, that that Atlanta Philly game is like you'd mentioned the highest over under of the night, and there's a lot of intriguing options in that game as well. Murray, you know, is questionable. So keep an eye on that. Bogdanovic will likely start in his place if if Murray sits, Capella out, which mean it's another Okanwoo, spot start, and that makes him a solid option on both DraftKings and FanDuel. 71100 on FanDuel, and he is at, 62100 on DraftKings. So quite a bit more value in play there with the the draft with Okangawa and DraftKings. I also love the fact that on both sides, he is center power forward eligible. Just provides some flexibility there. On the other side, and and also, let me say, especially if Murray sits, Jalen Johnson, just absolute terror. He's been awesome. In 2 games against Philly earlier this season, he is averaging 53 and a half fantasy points. I expect him, you know, especially if Murray's out, he'll have to shoulder more of a load. But the other side, the Philadelphia side, I think I think we might see some Paul Reed hate. He's really underperformed since stepping in the starting lineup, but that's mainly due to an illness, that held him back for a couple games. And he only played 15 and 22 minutes while being under the weather, against Golden State on, Wednesday night. He played 31 minutes, finished with 30 fantasy points, 6 6 points, 8 rebounds, 4 assists, 2 blocks, 2 steals. I love his defensive upside. Give me some Paul Reed, 58100 on FanDuel and 65 let's see. Yes. 65 on on FanDuel and and 58 on DraftKings. Sorry. Yeah. This, the early portion of the slate features some teams that I'm like, do they do they even care anymore? Right? Atlanta. Do they even care anymore? Like, did you say Marie? Does he care? Yeah, Washington against Boston. Do they care anymore? Toronto. Do they really care anymore? Charlotte against Milwaukee? Do they care? So not bad teams to target, Boston, by the way, 17 point favorites over the Washington Wizards. Yeah. Though, I think there's, you know, I know they they did put a game time tag on Tatum, and I know we're confident we're gonna play. I think that's let's this might be a good time to rest our Yeah. Lead dog. I I I don't I don't know if we need that green color by Tatum's name. I would put a I'd switch it to gray because I see them conveniently letting, Jason rest tonight. Let me stick it. Go ahead. Sticking with that game though, the interesting part for me is as we mentioned earlier, Marvin Begley is out. Rashaun Holmes to be determined if he's even gonna be available after being traded to the Wizards yesterday. So what will the Wizards do at center is one of the big question marks for DFS. Are they gonna go with a small lineup, move Kuzma up to the 5, plug in Koulibaly or someone like that into the starting 5? I think that's probably the most likely scenario. You know, they get that two way guy, Eugene. Omarui? Yeah. Omarui? Some minutes recently. Yeah. He's only 6 6, though. Not a real center. Is he really? Oh, that's crazy. Oh, this is like a Chuck Hayes situation. I didn't realize that he was only 6 foot 6. He is, I I did get the, yeah, I was blessed with watching him play for the Pistons a little bit last season. He is undersized from a vertical standpoint, but he is he is a legit man and can beef it up with anyone down in the post. Hey. I actually got a good DFS question in the chat, asking if in Atlanta, is it to play in tonight's DFS? I mean, I'm looking at all these other stud centers. We got Sabonis going against Jokic tonight. Obviously, Anthony Davis, the Lakers. Is is Okanwoo too chalky to play in DFS tonight, guys? So it's a tough question because there could be so much value on the slate that opens up that I think roster distribution could be fairly wide at the same time at the center spot. I think a lot of people will turn to him specifically, but Shannon also mentioned he's he's playable a power forward. I don't know, Shannon. Maybe that's maybe that's more of a question for you. I do think the dual position eligibility will actually keep his, you know, there are tons of centers available that that are solid options tonight. But because the dual position eligibility, I do think he will be chalky. But, again, I mean, there are plenty there are plenty of intriguing options where you can have a guy who might be rostered in 35, 40% of rosters, in your lineup and and counter that with 2, 3% rostered players as well to really offset that chalkiness. So I'm not too worried about his roster percentage for tonight's slate. We should also mention pushing along the games here. Houston versus Toronto Toronto, very healthy. They're about as healthy as they've been lately, but Houston, no Fred VanVleet still. And then Tom has creased up to 72100 on FanDuel, on the back of a 13.13, rebounds 6 assists, 3 block performance, 2 games before and only 24 minutes. He went for 197 and 42 steals at a block at 72100 against the slower paced Raptors. Are you interested in playing? Ahman Thompson at that salary, Shannon? That that and that 40 point, fantasy outing in 24 minutes that you mentioned, that was against the same Toronto team just a week ago. I I do still like him at 72100, which probably yeah. I thought there was no way I would plug him into my lineup when I saw how much he was on FanDuel. But I think there's upside where he plays, you know, 35 or more minutes. And and not only equips his 40 fancy points like he has 2 of the last 3 games, but approaches 50. So I think he is worth, that option. He hasn't really put together the complete game where he, you know, 13 rebounds, fantastic. Thirteen points. He could score more than 13 points in a game, and he could dish out more than 6 assists as well. He he's just so good on the defensive end like his brother where he can pick up those steals and blocks that I still like him at 72100. On DraftKings, he's only 58100. He or I'm sorry, 53100. His roster percentage on DraftKings, I believe he I believe in, the most recent spot start for for Freddie Van Fleet. He, was 70, like, over 70% rostered. I expect that again on DraftKings tonight. I mentioned the Charlotte Milwaukee game, Milwaukee minus 14a half at home. Damian Lillard and Khris Middleton are both questionable. That's something to keep in mind, you know, last night. That's what I just need. I feel like I need to bring this up last night. Middleton was out for the Bucks and Lillard did not play And the Bucks were only 2 point underdogs to the Minnesota Timberwolves. Why? They got smacked, by the way. 129 to 105. He did. They should. Yeah. What can I talk about? Anyway, Charlotte, obviously, they're missing PJ Washington now. There's gonna be some value presumably opens up on Charlotte. Cody Cody Martins looked interesting. Alex, let's use this Milwaukee spread issue to plug the NBA picks wagering column on rotor wire where I do think you should you should dabble a little more into the spread for Bucs games. You're you're good at picking Bucs problems. Well, it's pretty easy because they are the 3rd worst team against the spread in the entire league, and I always say, bet against them. So, I mean, that's my that's my blanket advice. If you're like, should I Keep it going. You gotta play the spread, baby. Next. Should I bet up? Should I bet the Bucks spread tonight at the other side? Yes. Absolutely. You should. Yeah. Anyway, yeah, Shannon. I mean, let's let's I don't want to spend too much. We've gone over an hour already. There are 3 games left on this slate. I think a lot of people might actually end up ignoring the Denver Sacramento game. Maybe that makes like a GPP, you know, kind of interesting spot. But what are you looking at here at the final 3 games? Yeah. One one thing to watch with the Denver Sacramento game is Denver played last night. You know, 2nd game of back to back. It's possible, you know, Jamal Murray, Jokic, someone sits on the Denver side. The Charlotte, Milwaukee side, I well, I don't expect Milwaukee to get spanked by Charlotte, but I I do I do think there's some intriguing options on the Charlotte side. I would not, buy into the big performance Cody Martin had. And Cody Martin also is he's expected to play, but he's listed and he's listed as probable with a knee injury for tonight. He had 42 fantasy points, in the most recent game against Toronto. Played 28 minutes, 19 points, 5 rebounds, 8 assists. Yeah. He he scored a lot of those points early in the game. I don't believe that he's gonna repeat and have another 40 fancy point outing. Even in 30 plus minutes, he typically doesn't do that. But, you know, Brandon Miller, absolutely a guy I like a lot, for this slate even though he's in that mid $7,000 range. Nick Richards Nick Richards, I never picked the right game for Nick Richards. Never, ever, ever. It's impossible to pick. It's tough, man. Hey. Is Pete Watson Peyton Watson cheap for the Nuggets? I think he could get big minutes tonight on the second of a back to back. That game went all the way to the last 30 seconds bay or last minute against the Lakers last night. Love to see Denver just shut down the Lakers. It was great. But, Aaron Gordon was having to bang LeBron all all day. I could see Watson getting some big minutes tonight. There's yeah. I mean, I I would pay money to watch Aaron Gordon bang LeBron again. Payton Watson has been very solid for the I know. Yeah. Yeah. Like, any any his role is consistent. He's seen 20 plus minutes and, like, 6, 7 games in a row, 25 minutes last night. The production's kinda up. Been out. Total Pope's been hurt, so that's helped open up some minutes. I know. I don't know if I'm paying 52100 on FanDuel for him though when there's some of the other options on the slate. I was I was hoping he was cheaper. I'm sorry. 442100 on DraftKings, so he he is an option, especially if Denver arrests someone. I I like him more when his usage is going to be increased because one of the regulars is sitting. Yeah. Before we wrap this up, I will just mention this last game. We we didn't touch on it, but Zion's questionable. Valence, is questionable. LeBron is questionable. Anthony Davis is questionable. So kind of a toss-up. You you guys are gonna have to check that one on your own. But that that wraps things up for us before Shannon's. No. Ken's. Somebody has to rant. Somebody I gotta rant. I gotta I gotta rant queued up. Chicago Bulls, what is wrong with you? Stop sitting on your inept hands and do something. The Bulls are 25 and 27th. 27. 9th in the east and destined for play in status with the old man duo of DeMar DeRozan and Nicholas Vucevic. This team is going nowhere yet held onto DeRozan who's 34. Vucevic who's 33 and Andre Drummond, an old 30. At the trade deadline, didn't move any of them, did nothing at the deadline. Drummond and DeRozan will be free agents at the end of the season, which means they're both gonna walk for nothing. Vooch can't play defense. Patrick William Williams is a restricted free agent that wants to leave, and he stinks. Teams were dying for Alex Caruso and his cheap contract, yet Chicago did nothing. Enjoy your time, Chicago, in the mediocre pit of despair where you will reside for years to come. Argh. I completely agree with you, Ken. I mentioned on the the rotor wire XM NBA show on SiriusXM NBA radio with Nick, the Shameless plug yesterday that I'm worried that this Kobe White emergence has actually tricked the Bulls into thinking, no. This is he's he's Lonzo Ball now. We wanted this Lonzo Ball, LaVine, DeRozan, Vucevic thing. And the problem was we were missing Lonzo, but now we have him again. His name is Kobe White. So we're gonna win 50 games next year. Lonzo's never been this good. That's I take. That is true. That is true, actually. You could have coupled Caruso to get DeRozan off your books. People were clam everyone was mentioning Drummond is a great backup center. I don't I don't know why Drummond's not in Philly, frankly. There had to be deals Chicago could have made. I don't understand them sitting pat. I've taken that stance in in Keeper Leagues before where, you know, I could pick up a a worthless dynasty late round pick, but instead, I just wanna stick it to those other those other owners because I I feel like their offers are garbage. So it's pretty clear. That's what Chicago they they said, we don't need all these 2nd round picks from you. We're just gonna hold on to our guys and watch you start old men and watch them walk at the end of the season. That'll be great. Yep. Oh, man. Okay. Mispronounced name section. I think we, we well, we had, like, a a Will Grimes snafu. Oh, yeah. I meant Will as in Will. Yes. Grimes get minutes, and I misread it as Will instead of Quentin Grimes. It's certainly Quentin Grimes. But, no. It's not gonna mispronounce names. So thank you everybody for joining us on the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast presented by Underdog Fantasy and FanDuel. Ken, take us out of here. Let's go to New York where Jalen Brunson and Josh Hart on their podcast answered the fan question, quote, who in the NBA could you beat in a fight? Admittedly, they both started off saying, woah. Woah. Woah. We don't want any fights. But then Brunson said, I could beat up Ryan Arcia Deacono or TJ McConnell. And then Josh Hart added, did you notice those pronounced names? I said, I'm good. There's apron. Yeah. There there it is. That's the one. Arcia Deacono? Arcia Deacono? Arcidiacono. Oh, bravo. That's why you're the editor, brother. That's why you're the editor. Anyway, when Bronson said he could beat, those 2 diminutive guards, Arcidi Econo and McConnell, I can't still get to it. Josh Hart said, quote, TJ is one of those guys where I feel like you can't just win. You gotta kill him. TJ TJ is not gonna stop. He's a pest. Exactly, Josh. We've been saying that on this podcast for years. That is why TJ McConnell is the cockroach. He's a pest. That is not gonna stop. Attention, passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.