Welcome to the award winning fantasy basketball podcast by rotor wire brought to you by underdog fantasy and FanDuel. Today's Friday, January 19, 2024, Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken K train crates. All aboard. Let's jump right into the news. The shorthanded Indiana Pacers go to Sacramento and beat the suddenly struggling Kings, 126 to 121. There was no Halliburton, no Nemhard, no Siakam, our guy, the cockroach. TJ McConnell, 20 points, 10 dives. Kings got only 16 points off their bench. Harrison Barnes at 2 points and 1 rebound in 22 minutes. Although Kevin herder's is kind of back. I'm glad Mike. I'm glad Mike Brown realized that Chris Duarte sucks and does just stop playing him. Yeah. And it's just like, let's just give her her 39 minutes because, you know, he was not have that 7. All these 7 triples, 7 triples. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Shagging. What do you think of this? This Kings team? They're kind of struggling, you know, last year was was a big sort of breakout year for them in the playoffs. They look good against Golden State in the 1st round. The 23 and 18 right now, they're kind of in that that mix of, like, New Orleans, Dallas, Phoenix, and kinda, like, Utah and LA right now. Yeah. I mean, it certainly hasn't been going as well as it did last year. I think, general consensus or at least in my mind is they played a little bit above their heads. But 23 18, you're still above 500. 7 games out from the number one seed. No one's really running away with the west. I mean, Minnesota looks good. 30 wins, 30 and 11. But they're still in the mix. I expect the Kings to be in the playoffs. I just I also don't believe they were as good as they were last year. You you could still see them improve from here. They're probably gonna be in the market to add some pieces. Keegan Murray has kinda stepped up and and claimed that number 3 role, or if you wanna say Malik Monk's still the number 3 role, then we'll call Keegan Murray number 4. But he has stepped up. He's having a better year. I think we'll see continued growth from him. So, I mean, if I'm a Kings fan in general, I am not worried. Four straight losses. I think they might be playing bound, though. We'll see. Pelicans, Mavs, and Kings fighting for those last two spots to avoid the plan. Ken, let's go to, the next game last night. Yeah. Jalen Bronson scores 41 on 14 of 20 7 shooting versus the woeful wizards. Dante DiVincenzo with 19 points. Guys, should we always bet the over on guard scoring versus this Washington backcourt? Maybe. Yeah. But, you buried the lead because Shannon's Barvin Bagley went for 2011 with 2 assists, 2 steals, and 3 blocks. That's all. Starting for Daniel Gafford, who who has a concussion. Concussion. Yeah. In for Gafford. Right away, like, right off the bus from Detroit and starting. Well, he was the only other center they have on the roster. Yeah. That that exactly. That's what he had working for him is they just had no other centers. They definitely would have went small. You know, even I mentioned this on previous shows, but even Gallinari was getting some minutes at the 5 for for this Wizards team. So it's not a surprise with Gafford out to see Begley get 39 minutes. You know? And he is a guy where if he's playing 35 plus minutes, he's gonna probably put together a pretty impressive line. I don't think it I all all it does on the fantasy side is Cloud, Gafford, and Begley's value Yeah. Moving forward. Because Gafford had his opportunity the first 40 games of the season and really wasn't able to run away with it. So I expect Begley will eat in the Gafford's time. You know, Gafford was already rarely topping 30 minutes anyways, but Begley will get some minutes. They'll both get minutes. They might even, you know, swap starts on occasion, and both will have middling, like, 14 team value. But 10 12 team leads long term, I don't expect either to have much value. If for the immediate, especially daily pickup leagues, Begley obviously is an option while Gafford's out. How does money how does money bags a professional NBA player go over 5 from the charity stripe? How does that happen? I don't know. Because he he maybe he he shouldn't be being paid $13,000,000 in the first place. There's a lot of, there's a lot of So the rest of the team did the rest of the Wizards did not miss a free throw, but moneybags went over 5. A little box score oddity there. Brunson, though, did light him up. He also had 8 dimes and 8 reborn or rebounds and 3 stocks. A great in daily or wagering. I feel like the guards facing Washington, always a good move. Alex, take us to an exciting game in Utah. Yeah. The Thunder. They ended Utah's 6 game win streak. Utah has been absolutely on fire. Like one of the top, I think 5 teams in the NBA over the past month in terms of record. They play really well at home. Colin Sexton is ranked 37th and fantasy over the past 2 weeks. Absolutely cooking really efficient. I don't know. Ken, do you think this is what I mean, Utah now is 22 and 21. They're in that kind of mix. We talked about with Sacramento where they're within like 2 games of the 7th seed. It's kind of unclear, like, are they gonna, you know, they walk in Jrue Holiday before the season apparently. Do they go in? Do they go in to try and make a win now? Are they gonna try to sell off some guys? Like, if you have if you have any buggy on Utah's roster on your fantasy team, are you panic? Are you like, I gotta sell high. Colin Sexton, I'm out. You know? Maybe he's Walker Kessler, I'm buying. I don't know. I don't know. The Kessler minutes are frustrating as heck. He got 24 off the bench last night. Did have his 3 blocks. I mean, if you need if you need blocks, you're still getting those left and right. You you know, Dunn has been a huge part of this turnaround. Before last night, there were 12 and 2 with Dunn as the starter, when he got injected in the starting lineup. That's really the defensive play. They only gave him 13 minutes last night, though, which is odd, I think, because they're playing from behind, especially in the second half. But, you know, I like Clarkson. I, you know, I prefer to have Clarkson coming off the bench, lighting up second teams for points like he did last night. 35 minutes, 18 shot attempts for Clarkson last night. I think he's a he's kind of a buy cheap guy, but, you know, Danny Ainge is probably, I don't know, frustrated by their winning. It's weird, and it screws up the rebuild. It it is a tough one. You know, from that standpoint, I mean, there's tons of takeaway. Chris Dunn is kind of just that placeholder starter. You know, 13 minutes last night, like Ken said, he hasn't he the most amount of minutes he's played in the past 4 games is 21 minutes. 17, 17, 21, 13. He he's been even when he does play his full allotment of minutes, it's like at at peak. It's like 26 minutes as the starter. But it's frustrating for guys if you're stashing Kessler hoping that he eventually gets those starter minutes or Keontae George, same thing, especially after Keontae had that stint in the starting lineup prior to his injury. It's tough to know what to do with the way they're performing right now, the way they're winning. I I don't think they're just gonna sell off all their veterans. They still might move a Clarkson, a Collins, or a Lennox, but I don't think all 3 are necessarily gonna be moved. Whereas a month ago, I would have thought that was gonna be the case. But from a fantasy standpoint, I'm holding on most of these guys. I mean, Sexton in particular has just been an absolute beast for this team. You can't take him out of that starting lineup, can you? No. Absolutely not. I mean, before before last night's game, he had a stretch of 13 games as the starter, but he was only playing 24 and a half minutes per game. Absolutely crushing it in those 24 and a half minutes per game. I mean, his per 36 this year is 26 points, 3.9 rebounds, 6 assists, 1.1 steals, 2.23 pointers, shooting 49% from the floor, 89% from the line. This is why this is one of the reasons why I was always so high on Sexton is that efficiency from the guard spot. And he's proven that this year and still doing it even when he's playing just a, you know, 25 to 30 minutes most nights. I I'm holding him just in case this run continues and he creeps up his minutes continue to creep up like the 34 he saw last night. Well, they have a good amount of money invested in Sexton to like when he when he was traded to Utah, it was on a 4 year $70,000,000 contract. So it's like they they would like for him to, I think, be good. They don't wanna, like, you know, just keep him on the bench play in 15 minutes. Okay. Let's, let's talk about our friends at Underdog Fantasy. They're the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contests. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and even more valuable, a free 6 month subscription to ROTAWire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code rwnba RWNBA to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. That's code r w n b a. Okay, gentlemen. Let's go to the fan feedback. We've got a question from Paul that's rather detailed. He's saying, which of these 2 players should I hold? That includes the so from, which 2 do you keep between Duncan Robinson, Alex Caruso, Dante Divincenzo, Nas Reed, Bruce Brown, and Larry Nantz junior? Yeah. I mean, I I think some of this is a question of, like, are you looking for upside, which I think I would say you are because all of these guys are like at the end of your bench. I as as anybody who listens to this podcast knows, I'm very partial on Naz Reed, mostly because of his upside. And again, you're how many times are you starting these guys in any given week? So I would say Reed is one of them. Other than that, I mean, I am curious to see what Bruce Brown does in Toronto. You know, I think he has top 80 upside. He's a little disappointed in Indiana. But I'll I'll defer to you, Shannon, if you have a strong opinion on the 80s guys. For me, Caruso and Dante were the 2 that I immediately defaulted to. They're both top 80 values over the past month. Both are starting for those teams. And unless there's additional moves made, I I would expect both to stick in the starting lineup as well. Those are the 2 there. I'm defaulting to Dante and Caruso. Bruce Brown is is an interesting guy to see how Toronto does deploy him. But I also it also seems like they could dangle him in future trades. It's it's I don't know if he has a fit in immediately in the starting lineup. They started Gary Trent at the 2 last night with Bruce Brown, I believe. Was Bruce Brown unavailable or did he play? I I think I don't think he played. Yeah. I think he might have been unavailable. So, you know, I wanna see. Do they do they put Bruce Brown in that starting two spot? That could add him to the mix, but right now, it's Dante and Caruso for me. Oh, he did he did play. There was some confusion about it. He did end up playing. 15 points, 7 rebounds, one assist, one steal in 25 minutes. Yeah. A lot of minutes off the bench. I don't know whether the bench is this, you know, will will continue or if he'll start as Shannon mentioned. I mean, their bench is terrible regardless. Like, they could play them 35 minutes off the bench because who else is there? So Yeah. Alright. Next question about Memphis. Would you guys add, good old salty Aldama Aldama? Oh, boy. I butchered that one. In a 12 team league, generally referring to all those injuries in Memphis. Maybe it's hard to say. He's very fringe. Like, I think his his upside, I don't think is particularly high in a points league. You need them to get at least 25 minutes a game consistently. I think for it to be worth it and even then kind of borderline, came off a bench last night. Did not start. Yeah. I mean, I think he's a fine ad and then see what happens. But if he's again, he's not seeing 25 minutes consistently, it's not worth it. Yeah. With with the Grizzlies, someone has to play. Someone has to give minutes. He saw those 25 minutes last night. His offensive rating was 74% not great. But he had 13 points, 5 rebounds, one block, one steal, a couple 3 pointers. I'm interested to see if he could if he can carve out 25 to 30 minutes, he's out I think he'll earn a 12 team role. That's to be determined. I'm fine grabbing him, stashing him. If he if you need threes in particular and you have room on your bench, you have a cuttle cuttable player right now, then I think Odama's worth a look in 12 in in many 12 teamers. Alright. And one last one, gentlemen. Should I hold Luke Kennard or Gigi Jackson going forward in a points leak? Well, we're gonna talk about both those guys, later. So, basically, right now. So stick around for another 5 minutes, and, we will we will talk about both of those guys. Alright. That's it for the fan feedback section. Let's jump into the waiver wire. How this works. Each, of the 3 of us have 2 regular waiver wire pickups. Guys roster in less than 50% of leagues and then a long shot. Guys roster in 25% or fewer of leagues. Busy week next week. 12 teams with 4 games. The rest have 3 games. No 2 game weeks. So just keep that in mind. My first waiver wire suggestion, it's gonna come with a lot of caveats. So, don't don't take this blindly. Gigi Jackson from Memphis, 36% rostered. Here's the story. Okay? He was the number one ranked player in the 2022 excuse me, the 2023 high school class. He reclassified to 2022 and played at South Carolina last year. He sucked. He was terrible. He scored 15 points a game on 38, 30 2, 68 shooting. He had more than twice as many turnovers to assist. 2.7 turnovers to 0.8 assists. Terrible. He dropped to the 45th pick in the draft this year and signed a two way deal. So he's been playing in the g league. Okay? And he was fine. 50% shooting, 19 points a game in 6 appearances. But then, you go, coach Taylor Jenkins is like, hey, look, everybody on this team is hurt. We have no playmakers. The one thing Gigi Jackson does is he puts the ball in the basket or at least is able to get the ball in the air towards the basket. So they'd be playing them 27 minutes. He scored 20 points, 6 rebounds, play him 29 minutes. The next 23 points, 6 rebounds. Great. Good efficiency. Shocking. Last game yesterday against Minnesota, tough matchup. 10 point or 10 minutes for g g Jackson. 1.3 rebounds over 3, not foul trouble. He had 2 fouls. What do you make of this versus the best defense in the league? Sure. What do you make of this? I have no idea. Look, one of these games, John cards, Conchard did not play. He's just a DMP, Very bizarre. The next game, I think it was Aldama. 1 of the 1 of the other games Aldama was out. Okay? So my caveat with this is look, Memphis has 4 games next week. So if you pick them up, he sees like 15 minutes. It'll it's not gonna be great, but it's not gonna be like the end the end of your fantasy team. I would just see what happens tomorrow. Memphis plays Chicago. If Gigi Jackson plays 10, 12, 13 minutes again, I'm just out. Look, this guy, again, 38% shooting in college, 2.7 turnover, 0 point assists. If he plays 13 minutes a game, I'm just out. If he plays 25 minutes, maybe even 22 minutes, 4 game week next week, we you we all know the injury situation. It's fine to go in and see what happens. That's my feel. Yeah. 10 teamers, I think you can safely avoid for now and wait to see how things play out. Deep 12 teamers, I think he's worth a stash if you have room, but don't cut a player who's actually contributing to your team right now. Yes. Ken, take us to a, another sort of interesting, option off the waiver wire. Yeah. Shannon and I both wanted to discuss him today. Shannon was gracious and let him stay on my list. Wendell Carter junior, center for your Orlando Magic. His, oh, roster ship did go up last night. I had him at 53%. Yesterday, he's up to 58%. Back from injury again, he had missed 5 straight games with a reoccurring knee issue. For now, coming off the bench with Goga Bitazi starting. But, hey, Wednesday night, Carter, 18 points, 5 rebounds, 2 assists, 3 stocks, which is nice to see. His traditionally has not been good at the steals and blocks. And in 20 24 minutes, you know, I'm on that continual quest for my 3rd center on a few teams. Only negative is Orlando has 3 games next week, not 4, but kind of assume that Carter is gonna gradually earn the bulk of center minutes on this Magic Squad. Yeah. I agree with that. I think he eventually reclaims the starting role. That's that's the role they expected him to have at the beginning of the season and the role he had in past years. His biggest question mark is just can he stay healthy? So I like Carter. I think he's gonna see his role uptick here in the coming weeks. I'm gonna move on to my first waiver wire suggestion, and it's an old an old favorite of the show, Mason Plumlee. You know, he's gotta be up there. 1 of the one of the leaders and mentions in our waiver wire segments over the last handful of years. Zubac for the for the, Clippers. Zubac is out with a calf injury for at least 4 weeks. At least 4 weeks is what the report says. And in his place, Mason Plumlee has stepped in the starting lineup, earned a start a against the thunder on January 16th, 28 minutes, 14 points, 5 rebounds, 3 blocks. We know what Mason Plumlee can offer. He can get you some blocks, not a lot, but, you know, if he's playing 25 minutes, he he might creep up towards 1 block per game. He can get some rebounds and maybe get you 10, 11 points per game. That's about it. But if that holds value in your league, I think he's gonna be there for the next month. Used to be a good assist guy for a center too, but I think that's, fading as he's not allowed to touch the ball for those stars. Well, it's it's, yeah, it's tough when James Harden, Kawhi Leonard, and Paul George are on your team. There's only so much you gotta touch the ball. Yeah. Right. Right. Can you imagine the epic battles they're having in in practice in LA with Daniel Tyson, Mason Plumlee just going at it? We need some spy cam on that practice footage. I I like the suggestion, Shannon. Like you mentioned, we all know what he can do when he gets the minutes. So I it's good ad. My next suggestion off the waiver wire. He's back, baby. Jeremy Sohan. San Antonio Spurs 44% rostered. He's back to playing his real position. Look what happens. Right 94th over the past 2 weeks, which again, not that exciting, but compared to what he was doing at point guard when we all dropped him. This is better. So I said 94th over the past 2 weeks, but I got 12 game sample where he's averaging 12.9 points, 5.8 rebounds, 3.5 assists, 1.4 stocks in 30 minutes a game, which is good because his minutes were up and down a little bit too. Yeah. Earlier in the season, shooting very efficiently. 46, 4185. 3 point shooting is awesome. He's taking about 3 a game. The free throw shooting, one hand, awesome. Love it. Spurs with 4 games next week. So I'm I'm willing to just buy in and and just he's definitely a stream. Definitely a stream for this week. We'll see what happens after that. Nice to see his percentages improving, as he returns back to his regular position because they were getting a little scary a little there during the point guard experiment. Yeah. He really he's just such a great compliment off of Wenbatyama at the 4. And it's like, why would you I don't know. We've we've done this whole bid already. We don't have to. They've moved on. Alright. Well, I'm gonna continue the theme of cranky old centers. And I'm gonna repeat somebody from last week, but he's playing well, and no one's rostering him. Xavier Tillman, 25 year old center for your Memphis Grizzlies. Again, Memphis, a team struggling to put a lineup out there because of so many injuries. Tillman's starting and playing huge minutes. He's the only legitimate center on this grizzly roster. I know he sound like a broken record, but his roster percentage is just too low at 38%. Thursday night, he played 36 minutes, 10 points, 5 boards, 6 dimes, and 2 stocks. Look, last 4 starts, 11 points, 6 rebounds, 4 assists, and 2.3 steals, and 1 and a half blocks. Yes. He has a bad free throw percentage like Plumlee. But like Plumlee, they he also takes very few free throw attempts. And Memphis has 4 games next week. So a lot of streaming old guy center options this week. Absolutely. Go ahead. Absolutely. And with with Tillman, you know, it's gonna be him or Aldama. It's not gonna be both. Right? It's probably gonna be one of the 2. Right now, it's Tillman. So he's the guy to ride. I I can't believe that he's only rostered 38 percent of leagues after the past week, he said. Criminal. Yeah. We need we need, like, a broken record section of the waiver wire where it's like, there's just 5 guys who we just would suggest every week when the 150 problem. No one's McConnell. No one's stats are funny too because it's like he just he has he has 20 of them, but you don't know what category they're coming in. You could just like roll 5 dice and be like, oh, sweet. 9 rebounds, 1 point, 4 steals a block. It's, yeah, it's kinda bizarre, but he's a he's a good option. Shannon, who is your next wafer wire pickup? Well, this is the guy we've talked about this year as well, mostly in a negative light. Andrew Wiggins, Golden State Warriors, 52, 53% rostered on Yahoo. He's been frustrating this year, probably having, you know, if not the worst, season of his career, one of the worst. But he's showing signs of life. Over the past 3 games, all three starts, which it's been a couple months or he hasn't started 3 games in a row since early December. Three starts in a row, and these past 3 games also mark the first time this season he has played 30 minutes or more in 3 consecutive games. That's really the most encouraging part of it. Over that 3 game stretch, 31 and a 31 minutes, 13.3 points, 14.7 rebounds, 3.3 assists, one block, 1 3 pointer made. We know White Plumlee. We know what Andrew Wiggins can do. That that's 12 team value, most 12 teamers at least. If you're kind of a standard 12 team roster size, that's good enough value. He's creeping up 102 ranked player over the past week. So he's creeping up in value, and I think he's worth playing and plugging into your lineup and tell the warriors decide to switch up their rotation or their starting lineup again. Yeah. He, you mentioned it. I mean, what he's played. There's been 7 games this year where he's played over 30 minutes. He's averaging 185 and 3 in those games. So you mentioned it with the minutes minutes and performance are always good indicators of fantasy value. Sometimes the minutes come before the performance or the performance come before the minutes. But, yeah, I think, you mentioned he's 53% rostered. I think some of the more competitive leagues, it's probably less. I think his I think his roster percentage is probably a little sticky from some dead leagues that are out there. So, yeah, I think, I think that's a a good suggestion for a pickup. My last suggestion, we made this this user who asked about Kennard and gg Jackson. Wait this long. I'm sorry, sir. I know you have work to do. Luke Kennard of the Memphis Grizzlies, 19% roster is my long shot. You started the past 6 games. Over the past 5, he's averaged 13.6 points, 3.8 boards, and rebounds each, or boards and assists each. 3 c 3 steals. I can't talk. 3 threes. You know what Luke Kennard does. He hits threes. I don't have to tell you that. Memphis has 4 games next week. Really good chance you get 12 threes out of him. I think he'll continue starting. As to the guy, you know, the the our our listener who who asked Jackson or Kennard, the safest option is Kennard. The high upside option is Jackson, but hopefully you don't have to make that decision before tomorrow. See what happens tomorrow with Jackson's minutes. And then, but I assume Kennard's gonna continue playing upper twenties to low thirties the rest of the season. Someone has to play for Memphis. Right? Yeah. Like, they're legally We're at that we're really at that point in the season. Like, I was looking at some of the, you know, the rankings over the past 2 weeks, and I'm like, oh, we're here. We're here. There's a lot of names on this list. I'm like, oh, okay. Kriston is back. Luke Kennard is back. Mason Plumlee is back. Yeah. It must be must be mid January. Well, I struggled to find a long shot. So instead, I kinda wanted to flag a guy to watch. And, Alex, you made the same mention, and that's Bruce Brown, now a Toronto raptor after that Pascal Siakam trade. Rounds rossered in 63% of leagues, but I think that might go down as people somehow might think his role in Toronto is going to decrease. But, hey, he came off the bench last night in his debut, played 25 minutes, 15 points, 7 boards, 1 triple one steal. Look, this is who he's competing with for minutes. Jordan Warra, Gary Trent, Chris Boucher, and Grady Dick. That's not exactly the 19 nineties Chicago Bulls there. I think Brown ought to be able to easily carve out 25 to 27 minutes a night. Toronto only has 3 games next week. So I'm I think a lot of folks might drop Brown over the next few days, and I'd say keep an eye out for him and pick him up. I think he will be value, rest of season. Good suggestion, Ken. My long shot of the week is Jabari Walker, forward for the Portland Trail Blazers rostered in 16% of Yahoo Leagues. Walker has made back to back starts for Portland. Kamara, who had been starting a small forward, is out of the starting lineup. And we've got Shaden Sharp, who's out for, I think, the next 10 days to 2 weeks. Right now, for as long as Jabari Walker's in the starting lineup, seeing a healthy amount of minutes, I think he's worth a look in 12 and 14 team, leagues. Over those two starts, he has played 29 and a half minutes, averages averages of 7 and a half points, 7 rebounds, and 1 and a half three pointers. Not much else. It does look like he can hit some threes. He can get some steals, based on his per 36 numbers for the year. It's at 1.3 steals, one three pointer, 48 per 48.8 percent from the floor, 77% from the line, so he doesn't really hurt you in those two categories. He's worth a look. So Samaki Walker's son, I believe. Give give him a look. Walker. Go ahead. Go ahead. Alex. No, go ahead. So well, I mean, 2 days ago on Wednesday. I wrote a an article about like guys to Target if you're rebuilding and Dynasty leaks And Walker was one of the guys who just missed the cut for, like, deep leaks for me. I I took a look at his stats. Like, Shannon mentioned, really interesting stat line averages also, like, 3 offensive. He's a great offensive rebounder, 3 offensive rebounds for 36. I don't think you mentioned his free throws. Shannon, 4.3 free throw attempts per 36 was a a great number for a guy who it's a 2nd year in the league, doesn't get a ton of usage, and is also taking threes and is also getting offensive rebounds. Those three things are really tough to do altogether. It's just a really active player. Obviously, Portland's not doing well at all. It could be tanking later down the stretch. You might be able to add Walker and get more value in March, if you're able to hold on to him for longer. So that's that's a good suggestion. And his first start of these back to back, 1st start was in place, Jeremy Grant. 2nd start, they slid Jeremy Grant to the small forward position and started Grant at the 4 and started Walker at the 4. Deandre Ayton, is probable for Friday night's matchups, so their starting lineup could change again. And it's worth keeping an eye on things in Portland because it's I think it's gonna be fluid for most of the remainder of the season, but I like Walker while he's starting. And they gotta trade Malcolm Brogdon for picks, and I know Brogdon's, you know, backcourt, but still, they move Brogdon. That opens up minutes for everybody, including Walker. Yep. I think that wraps it up for our waiver wire segment, Ken. Right? That does. That is the end of the waiver wire segment. And now let's talk about our good friends at FanDuel. Tackle 1,000,000 in prizes all NFL playoffs long in FanDuel Fantasy Contest. If you're new to Fantasy, there is no better time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match of up to $100 on FanDuel DFS. Playing fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. Now for this week's playoff action, I know I'm all in on Baker Mayfield against this Detroit Lions defense. But, Shannon, who are you looking at? For for football? Oh, oh, I don't know who I'm looking at. I have the football side. Yeah. I'm too worried about the Friday night NBA slate, Kevin. Hell, yeah. Go there, brother. You know how I go. You know how I go. Come on. Football is a shape. It's a why is it like a I What is it? I I've been handed think doesn't bounce. I have been handed some script to read, and I am reading it. I let me tell you. For for for basketball, the Friday night basketball slate You have an entire section to to talk about your Friday DFS picks. Yeah. I'm coming up. Give me give me Nick Claxton. Give me Jabari Walker. Alright. For football, of course, I want the lions. I I'm gonna go as a homer. I'm gonna pick some Lions because I know they're gonna stop the Bucks, and I'm gonna pick some Packers because I'm I'm wishfully hoping for the Pack to beat the Niners. So the Lions have an additional home game in the postseason. It's alright. Yeah. And then then it's lions to the Super Bowl, baby. Okay. Excellent. Get back to preparing for your FanDuel DFS Friday night picks, which is coming up next. I will get back to the ad copy. Plus, on FanDuel, you can choose from full slate contests featuring multiple games, single game contests, season long best ball contests, beginner only contests, which are great for learning the ropes, and more. And when you win, you get paid instantly. So kick off the football player playoffs with a 100% deposit matchup to what which is match up to $100. Go to fan duel.com to start playing for huge cash prizes today. That is, exactly what would happen, by the way, if if, like, I got asked to do, like, an NFL hit somewhere. They'd be like, who do you like in the upcoming, playoff game? I'd be like, you know, and I think that the Klaxon is actually going to have a pretty big night, You know, Brooklyn, they really need them, tonight. So, you know, against against AD. Yeah. Well, luckily, gentlemen, you each have an entire segment as we do every week to discuss your Friday FanDuel DFS picks. It's a 7 game slate tonight, Friday 19th, and the highest over under is Indiana at Portland. Oh, it's not that high. It's 22238 and a half points. Take it away, boys. It is high, but we've we've become desensitized to numbers under 240 at this point. So it doesn't it doesn't even register. As always, for injury updates, which are extremely fluid throughout the day, check the rotor wire lineups page. Check the rotor wire injury page. I will say of of massive note, Victor Buenavayama will not play tonight. I assume, Shannon, that opens up some value on San Antonio for you against a horrible Charlotte Hornets team who I believe has one win in the past 30 days. They're not good. They're not good. There's a lot of very bad teams starting with my Pistons, you know, the the former Bobcats, the Wizards, lots of garbage teams in the NBA this season. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. I the you know, Victor Webby Webbyana being out, of course, create some value for San Antonio. Where that value is is kinda hard to determine right now because Zach Collins might be making a return for, Friday night's slate. He's been deemed questionable with his ankle injury. He has been out since December 29th was the last time he played. You know, if Collins is active, there's a good chance he'll have a limited role. He might get the starting nod, but I would be surprised if he plays more than 22 to 24 minutes. And with that, that that makes him tough to deploy in a fancy lineup on my end. You have Barlow's the other option, but he had a spot start for Wembley about a week ago and didn't really impress. So there's gonna be players like Vassell, your boy, Sohan, who who will be options in our decent values on both the on both DFS sites, FanDuel, and DraftKings. Yeah. We have, the on off court stats stuff. It's our daily logins page if you just need a quick quick fix. Kelden Johnson sees the highest usage rate with, 1 Binyama off the court. High usage rate increase, I should say, up to 27%. It's a 7% increase compared to when Binyama is on the court. So, that's an option as well. We know they they need some scoring. Let's see. We also have D'Anthony Melton out for Philly. He's been out for a while. Maybe some more for Kelly Oubre. We're not sure about Haquez. I think he's doubtful for this upcoming game, for Miami. So there's gonna be some, extra line of stuff going on there. Shannon mentioned, Aiden probable for tonight's game, so that's interesting. And then everything else is pretty chalky on the injury side. So besides, you know, that that one Biyama situation, where are you turning, Shannon? Yeah. With Hawkeyes most likely out, I do think Martin will see more value, with the heat. He's probably going to be coming off the bench, but he's 55100 tonight, which is just a manageable salary to get into your lineup. I I really like the Indiana Portland game. No big surprise there. I I actually, you know and if I were betting, I would bet the over. It it's kind of to be determined what's gonna happen with the starting lineup for both teams because right now, basically, every you know, you've got half of of Indiana's team is questionable, including Halliburton, Nembhard, Naismith, Siakam. If if those guys are ruled out again, they all sat out on Thursday night. If they're all ruled out again, that that brings TJ McConnell, Buddy Hield, Matherin, Miles Turner, Jalen Smith, all of them would be options. On the Portland side, you know, Jeremy Grant's under 7,000, on on DraftKings, I believe. Simons, who is coming off a big game, he he's a good value. Jabari Walker, we talked about ad nauseam already this episode. I'm staying away from Ayton, because I don't expect big minutes in his return to action. Yeah, Indiana, terrible transition defense team. So you should probably expect guys like Jeremy Grant and, you know, Anthony Simons to get out to get out and run-in this game. Let's see here. We have. Yeah, I mean, embiid versus Orlando, I think is a spot where people are going to look, right? Because in bead is going to be going up against go get a tatze Wendell Carter. Who again, we mentioned have been playing well, but it's I think it's going to be a struggle for them. Probably a lot of double teams coming and beads way For me, I might be like a points plus assists play on on like a, you know, a pick them site like Underdog, but on FanDuel, I think he's going to be a good value as well. Where else you turn in Shannon? Yeah. A couple a couple of the higher priced guys or big name players who I think are just solid values tonight. McHale McHale Bridges for the Nets, he's questionable. Actually, listing is probable, so I expect him to play against the Lakers. He's been turning up and has been better the last, few games. I expect him to be see, to be a decent value tonight. And then my boy, Zion Williamson, I just the price is just right for him for DFS. I really, really like him. He's he's 77100 on FanDuel in that same range on DraftKings. When he plays, he's pretty much a lock to approach fan 40 fantasy points, and he has the upside where he can have a 50 or 60 point game. I'll take that safe floor. You know, he is active. It should be a competitive game. Not not really seeing a blowout potential on that one. So with that, I love Zion to as kind of a safe floor upside for a lot more and a decent salary. Let's see. Ken, we have your Boston Celtics on the slate. Any any insights for us going up against the Denver Nuggets? Denver. I mean, is this a finals preview, gentlemen? Let's see. I don't know. No. I mean, thank goodness they're healthy again, so it's good to see the big five all back from Boston, but that creates the DFS dilemma of who of all this star studded top 5 lineup is gonna bust out. Really, same thing for Denver in that. They have no bench. All starters have to play ridiculous minutes. But I'd say d White due for a breakthrough. He's been a little quiet as of late. That's maybe betting with my heart, not my wallet, but, always love me some d White. Also, public service announcement. Remember that Dallas and Golden State has been postponed tonight due to the very unfortunate passing of the Golden State Warrior assistant coach. So, either in your daily move leagues or your DFS work, remember, no Mavericks, no warriors playing tonight. Very good note, Ken. I think, Chan, unless you have any parting words, I think that can wrap up our DFS segment. Good to move forward. Okay, can we have a an old man rant that I am I some, you know, sometimes I don't know what to expect. I mean, I'm excited to see this because it's something I've also felt like I need to get off my chest for a number of years. Argh. Patrick Williams stinks. He stinks. The Bulls' lottery bust has the audacity to expect a 20,000,000 a year, 5 year extension as reported back in October. The guy was picked 4th overall in the 2020 draft. Now in his 4th season, he's averaging less than 10 points and less than 4 rebounds per game. Last night, he played 23 minutes off the bench versus a depleted raptors team. In those 23 minutes, Williams gathered 0 rebounds, 0 steals, and 0 blocks in 23 minutes. Plus, he's got that odd thing going on with his hair. You're a millionaire, man. Fix that. Williams is a bum. The bull should run him out of town. He is a role player, and not a very good one. I, I think, you know, in fantasy, we talk a lot about guys who you think are gonna be good or who are set for a breakout versus do you is that really what's gonna happen, or do you just want them to to be? Like, do you just want Patrick Williams to be good? And I think it's given us an enough sample size at this point. No. The extension is is crazy. I mean, I at best, he's the the the 5th starter on a on a very good team at best. I would If if yeah. Go ahead. If he weren't if if he wasn't picked 4th overall, I I don't think he would be viewed through the same lens. If you speak 24th overall, for instance, I don't think we would view Patrick Williams through the same lens. True. But the the contract demands 20,000,000 a year for that terrible production are just unacceptable. Yeah. Maybe that's his way of being like, you know what? Just get me out of here. Please please don't sign me Chicago. I want I wanna go elsewhere. Okay. Mispronounced names. I didn't type this in, but I see Assante Aldama. I think I stumbled on it. I just stumbled a little. Oh, I apologize. You may have said salty Aldama. I'm I'm salty when he doesn't play 30 minutes a game. Well, I thought salty was Shannon's nickname for him, and then I, I lost confidence because I couldn't remember if it was a fun nickname or was his real name, and then I stumbled. I apologize to the larger Obama family. My apologies. Yes. Okay, everybody. Thank you for joining us on the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast presented by Underdogs and FanDuel. Ken, take us out of here. Well, hey. Let's go to Utah where OKC got the win last night. Did you know that Jalen Williams is now nicknamed 4th quarter dub? I didn't know that till last night. It's good. Here's what coach Mark Dagneaux said about him after the win over the Jazz where Williams scored 27 points. Quote, the guy lines up and guards a premier matchup every night. And for him to be able to do that offensively and do that defensively is a very complete game. It's very impressive. Attention passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line. You need to apologize.