Welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by underdog fantasy. It's Friday, December 22, 2023. Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken K train. Krites. I'll blow it. Let's jump right into the news. The western conference leading timberwolves beat the LeBron list lakers last night, 118 to 111, but they did fail to cover the spread for those who care. All Minnesota starters had at least 14 or more points, but the real story here, Karl Anthony Towns hurt his left knee in the final stages of the game. Still waiting on some more information, but he kinda limped off. Didn't look like he could bend his knee very well. Kind of like me when I get out of bed every morning. Minnesota plays the Kings next. I I wasn't the one to make that joke. I'm sorry. I stole it. Minnesota next plays the Kings in Sacramento on Saturday. Is it Naz Reed time, Shannon? Yeah. Of course. Of course, it's Naz Reed time. That's simple. Much to Alex's joy. I mean, Naz Naz Reed has been fantastic. So, you know, obviously, keep an eye on the news around Kat, but it but if Kat misses any time, Yeah. Nazarid has been absolutely fantastic on a permanent basis, and he's gonna crush it if he needs to get more minutes in lieu of Kat missing missing any games. Yeah. We'll, we'll talk about more later. Yeah. So I'm not gonna spoil that. But but I think it is time. Oh. Ken to address that. So sorry. So sorry. But Shannon does not get to celebrate the end of the Pistons losing streak as Detroit falls 119111 at home to a short handed Utah squad. Detroit has now lost 25 straight. Former piston Kelly Olynyk lit it up for with 27 points, 3 boards, and 6 dimes last night. Utah was missing 4 of their top seven scores and were playing on the second of a road back to back. Hey, Jaden Ivy. Not bad in his second straight start. 5 stocks, 7 helpers, a 9 of 16 shooting, but he did have 5 TOs. T O is a general problem for the Pistons. They're, 3rd worst in the NBA and turnovers a game. John Collins started for Utah. He still kinda stinks. He had a meager 13 points on ugly 4 of 12 shooting. Did have 9 boards and 3 stocks. But really back to these Pistons, Shannon, correct me if I'm wrong, but weren't the Pistons favored at certain points during the day yesterday? Yes. Yes. Which I'm sure has to be a rarity, this season. I don't watch the lines closer to know how many times they've been favored. 3. Okay. So so probably, against the Wizards, maybe against the early season Hornets, which is one of their wins, and then against the Jazz. The visiting Jazz who are very shorthanded and have also been playing pretty horrible basketball late. You know, the Jazz are 11 and 18, but I would argue they're not even that good. And they're they're horrible on the road. Like, they they get all those wins at home, actually. And and as much as I like to gripe about Monty Williams and his rotations and his starting lineup decisions, The Jazz fans with Will Hardy have plenty to gripe about as well. You know, it was nice to see the clinic get get have a big game. Not a surprise either really against this Piston squad. You know, when you we have to match up against Marvin, Moneybags, Bagley, and Isaiah Stewart. There's not much, to worry about. But seeing a linic get starts over Walker Kessler is mind numbing to me, especially for a team that's not going anywhere. And also for a team that started Walker Kessler, 2 starts, the previous two games. Kessler started, played over 30 or more minutes in each outing, has played well. Exactly. And even last night against the Pistons, on the defensive end, he played really well. He was blockage. He had a couple blocks that didn't count because of fouls that were called. Let the Jazz in plus minus last night, a plus 17 point differential, and yet off the bench. Super weird. Super weird. But, yeah, on the Piston side, there was a little bit to, like, Cade, another gigantic game. 28 points, 6 rebounds. Sorry, 7 rebounds, 10 assists, 3 stocks, 2 for 6 from downtown, got to the line 7 times, hit hit 6 of them. As Ken mentioned, Jaden Ivy, solid game, too many turnovers, and had some, bonehead plays, but, he always played fairly well. My main issue is freaking Monty and his rotations. You know, he had he had a a 6 the 2nd most 5 used 5 man rotation I was gonna get here. Yeah. Go ahead. Was Burt's, Wiseman, Livers, Sasser, and Asar Thompson. 5 bench players all on the floor. They played a total of 6 minutes together. During the final stretch when they entered the game is both times when they entered the game, they they would, the weeds would crumble or or the gap would would further between Utah and the Pistons. I really do believe the having those 5 on the floor late in the 3rd quarter is what ended up costing the Pistons the game. It's just unbelievable to me that a coach doesn't look at analytics, figure out that that the, you know, you need to have Bogdanovic, Ivy, Cade, someone on the floor with some of your reserves. You can't just roll out a bunch of guys who are shooting 25% or less from 3 with no available playmakers, no defense, in the in the middle. It's, it's it's getting hard, guys. It's getting hard to be a business fan. I, what what I thought you were gonna bring up, but is is, you made a good point regardless. You on our daily lineups page, a very popular NBA daily lineups page at rotor wire where there's on off court stats and projected minutes and everything like that, you can actually check to see how many minutes, the starting lineup has played together throughout the season and see the usage rates. And I discovered that the starting lineup that the Pistons threw out had played a combined 2 minutes together this season. And the starting lineup that the Jazz put out had played a combined 1 minute together this season. And I just I don't really I don't really get the logic there. But I'm sorry, Shannon. This was this was the one. Let's let's go to Rosier news. Alex, take us to OKC. I thought you said Rosier news at first, but no Rosier news. Oklahoma City ends the Clippers 9 game winning streak last night with a 134, 115 beatdown, as predicted on the Rotowire NBA show and SiriusXM NBA radio. Bravo. SGA had 3 48 with 4 assists. He had 6 stocks and only one turnover in 32 minutes. The man just puts up MVP numbers in his sleep. Chet Holmgren had the big highlight pass to himself off the backboard dunk. He traveled. That was a travel. You can't leave your pivot foot. You know, they don't call that that pivot foot, leave anymore if you shoot the ball right away. It kinda drives me insane, to be honest. Baloney. Baloney. You know, I would Evan McHale couldn't do that during his famous couple of days. He had to keep his foot down. I'd be in the league right now with 646 4 Hakim Alajuan if I knew I could do that with my. Chet had 23, 6, and 7 with 9 of 11 shooting, with no blocks, which is interesting. I didn't I didn't bring this up on the XM show, but the Clippers actually allow. I think it's the fewest blocks to centers. Mhmm. And I was too scared too scared to take Chet under. I think it was long and a half blocks or 2. Well, he's leading he is 4th in the NBA in blocks with 2.7 in the game. He's been amazing. But for the Clippers here, no Kawhi, which was his first missed game of the season. Amazing. Mhmm. And Got a hip issue, they say. Right? Got a hip issue? Yeah. Hip issue with Paul George returned as well. He had missed a little bit of time, in 9 category leagues. The clause 5th in total stats. Total stats. You always had to look at per game for the claw, but now no total stats suddenly is Cal Ripken. I wanna I wanna bring up a player from this game who's actually first in per game stats, depending on the rankings system you use. But in Basketball Monster, SGA is 1st overall per game value for Fantasy this season. Now my question is, are we ever gonna see this guy hit 3 pointers at a an all star or, like, a a a a fantasy star caliber. I I'm just amazed that he's only hitting, just under 1 3 pointer per game. He had one last night. It was just a few years ago. He hit 2, 3 pointers per game. I'd see him pull up confidently. I I mean, it's hard to complain about the guy who's probably the best fantasy player or definitely a top 3 fantasy player in most formats, but I really wanna see more 3 pointers from him. I think the better question, forgive me, Shannon, but the better question is when does OKC replace Josh Giddey with someone who can shoot from outside? Yeah. Yeah. That's also a fair question. We'll see what they do at the deadline. I won't be shocked if they move him because they'll, if they don't, they'll have to pay him sooner than later. And, you know, I don't think he's necessarily a great fit with SGA and Jalen Williams. But, I mean, you're right, Shagun. I mean, he's not like a terrible 3 point shooter by any stretch. Even even when he stopped shooting them over the past 2 years, he's still, you know, 33%, basically. My only I don't wanna say a concern, but it's like, if he's shooting more threes, is he shooting less free throws? And are the free throws at 91% actually more valuable than any threes he would hit? You can't this isn't you can't gripe about SGA. Come on. Hey. I I I have 1st 1st and per game value as you said. That's 9. I know. He's great. 9 Caggies first. Now before we move on to the next segment also, one one other big game that we didn't talk about. Okay. Yeah. The Pelicans and my boy, Trey Murphy. Trey. He had a spot start. He had a spot start last night. Zion was out, and Trey went off in 28 minutes. Went 10 for 16 from the floor, 6 for 10 from downtown, 28 points, 4 rebounds, 3 assists, 1 steal, 1 block. Welcome back, Trey Murphy. What was Zion's what was Zion's? No. You can't guard anyone. What was Zion's injury? Chubbiness? Is that the illness? What was It's the it can. I would love to see I wanna see Ken and Zion side by side with their shirts off. Alright. I'm 54 I'm not making millions. I don't Yeah. And Ken and Ken gets 2 weeks to gain weight. Okay. Before we move on to, some fan feedback, some listener questions, we do have to talk about our friends at Underdog. Please. Underdog. It's the number one fantasy platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick up contest. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code RWNBA. That's promo code RWNBA. That's a that's a great gift idea, by the way. You just tell you tell your friends and family that promo code, and you're like, hey. You spend the $100, and then it's basically like me giving you another $100 on top of that. And you give us free 6 month subscription to rotawire, which is a dollar value that, honestly, I'm not aware of, but it's really high, honestly. It starts at 10 yeah. Yeah. Very high. Some are saying it's, it's one of the best investments you can make. Definitely not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today and use promo code RW NBA to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. That's a $90 value. Thank you, Cash. That's code rwnba for the $90 value of a rotor wire subscription as well as the doubling of the deposit and the whatnot and the stuff that Alex just talked about. Go see our friends at Underdog Fantasy who are also a wonderful, wonderful rotor wire client. Alright, gentlemen. It is time for, fan feedback where we answer live questions through the YouTube and Twitter shows. Our first one comes from Roger. He says, should I drop? Who should I drop between the law, Kolobah, Kolobah, who's new? I was gonna Kolobali. Kolobali. Thank you. Cole Anthony or Kyle Lowry. I know where I would go, but you gentlemen, where do you go between the wizard magic or heat guards? You know, this is actually not. This is a pretty, in my opinion, pretty difficult question. I think the laws are really interesting long term hold and I'd be a little worried more worried about Lowry and Cole Anthony's long term value, but they're better right now. Shannon, do you have a strong opinion on this? Yeah. I I think for me, it's between Koulibaly and Lowry. Cole Anthony, I'm gonna hold for right now. He's coming off a big game last night against the Bucks 46 fantasy points, 18 points, 11 rebounds, 6 assists. You had no Suggs and no faults in that game for the Magic. Cole Anthony, you know, it's tough. His production's up and down because he's coming off the bench even while the Magic are shorthanded in the backcourt. They're still bringing Cole Anthony off the bench, but he's been productive in that role, averaging 15 points, 4 rebounds, 3.7 assists, and, also hitting some threes, 1.4 per game. So right now, I'm keeping Cole Anthony, Kyle Lowry, and Koulibaly. I'm siding with keeping Kyle Lowry. I I I like Koulibaly for the second half of the season, especially if Washington moves out some of their older players, create more playing time for Koulibaly. But I do like Koulibaly slightly more. He's riskier. You know, he the the You're dropping you're dropping Lowry. No. No. No. I'm I'm dropping Koulibaly. I'm taking Lowry. I value Lowry more immediately. So Koulibaly is getting the cut for me, but it is close between Koulibaly and Lowry. Alright. Next question, gentlemen, from James. Thinking of trading Vooch for DeMar DeRozan. Needs to help his free throw percentages. Thoughts on a Vooch for DeRozan swap, an inner bulls swap, if you will. It's kind of a interesting inner team trade. I think those guys are about equal value. I mean, in in the past, I would have said, like, definitely take the Derozan side, but the rosa hasn't been playing well this as well this year. And to me, I I think I view them fairly equally this year. And if you if you need one particular help in category or a position, I think that's fine to do. Yeah. Production wise, they're they're pretty equal. They're both are in that 50 to 60 range on a per game value this season. So, really, like Alex said, if it's one category you're looking for, then you could you could be safe making that trade. You're gonna lose a little bit in 3 pointers. I mean, Vooch Vooch doesn't really hurt you with with free throw percentage, though. He's at 86.5. He's really good free throw shooter. Not not a high volume. I think that's where DeRozan's gonna help out. Higher volume of free throws, and he's a lock to shoot over 80%. And the Vooch is your starting center. Make sure you get some blocked shots from your forwards or or other utility players. Alright, gentlemen. That does it for the, fan feedback section, which means it is time for the waiver wire. The waiver wire, the meat of the podcast sandwich. If you are new to the show, or just love hearing me say this every week, the waiver wire segment works like this. We get 2 regular waiver wire suggestions. That means they are rostered in less than 50% of leagues, typically Yahoo leagues, and then one long shot each, a player who must be rostered in fewer than 25% of leagues. If as far as the game count goes, warning next week because the Cavs and the Clippers only have 2 games. So, you know, you're looking at Isaac Okoro, you're looking at Sam Merrill making some other, you know, tough choices. It just be just keep in mind, they're not necessarily great streamers, but might be worth looking into. I'll start things off, with what we saw in, in Minnesota last night. Karl Anthony Towns limped off the court. So, we don't know a 100% what that injury is. So look into that or don't look into that. See what they say. You physically should not be looking into Karl Anthony Towns knee injury. That would be that would be bizarre. Do not do your own research. Naz Reed and Kyle Anderson are guys, you can probably explore adding off the waiver wire. Nas Reed, 67% rostered. Kyle Anderson, 26% rostered. So if you average those out, it's about 50%. So I'm not breaking the rules. Reed as a starter last year averaged 17 and 7, 2 assists of stealing a block, 33 fantasy points in 26 minutes. Kyle Anderson as a starter last year, 116 and 6 with a bar of stealing the block, 30 fantasy points in 31 minutes. You know, I don't know a 100% know what they'll do here. It's possible they start Nas and then give Kyle Anderson some more minutes. It's possible they start Kyle Anderson and then bring Nas off the bench so he could play some backup behind Rudy Gobert. But I think either way, both of these guys are seeing more minutes and more usage. Yeah. I didn't know Kyle Anderson. He's shooting a career worst 10% from the from behind the arc this season. 10%. It really does. It's a problem for their offense. I know they won last night against the Lakers, but they really need a catch and shoot guy at the trade deadline. And they should make the moves. They're top of the west. But I like those picks, and I'm sure though you're not cheering for Karl Anthony Towns injury, Alex. Right? No. I mean, I look. I wish Naz Reed would play 40 minutes a game next to Karl Anthony Towns and, Gobert, but apparently, that's not good basketball. What do I know? Alright, Ken. Who are you going to? I'm going with I think we've had him in the waiver wire section 4 times a year for the last 4 years. Dante Divincenzo of your New York Knicks, he's only rostered on 11% of teams on Yahoo. He was inserted as a starter on December 8th, at which point he's been averaging 12 points, almost 4 rebounds, 2 assists, and 1.3 steals with great shooting percentage. The team is in, is thin with injuries, so it means even more monster minutes for DiVincenzo. We know Tibbs loves to play, guys. And the Knicks have 4 games next week. I love Dante DiVincenzo as a streaming option. We'll also get you some threes, threes, steals, just nice production across the board for 4 games next week. Yep. Oh, Shannon, you're muted. I got this, guys. I'm a pro. Alright. Good good recommendation. We're gonna stick in New York. Okay. We talked about this guy last week, but I think it deserves another mention giving the developments. Mhmm. Isaiah Hartenstein, it it is finally Hartenstein with my boy Hartenstein. With Mitch Rob out for the year, Jericho Sims is now injured as well. He's gonna be out at least a week. The Knicks have to play Hartenstein. He's forced. He was forced into the starting lineup, and he he he he's performing well. Over over the past, 4 games, 32 minutes per 7.5 points, 11.3 rebounds, and, 2.5 blocks. He's a monster with field goal percentage, 68%. Free throw percentage is really the the biggest concern, 57% over those 4 games. But unless unless New York brings in another center, I would have to imagine Hartenstein holds on to that role for at least as long as Sims is out, but my guess is he plays well enough to keep Sims at bay and and really sees this role for the first time maybe ever. Hartenstein will get a prolonged look in the starting lineup. There's a lot of believers out there, a lot of hype within the fantasy basketball industry with Hartenstein. I'm not a believer, but he's actually gonna get the minutes now. He's gonna get the minutes. So, hopefully, he succeeds. He's rostered in 54% of Yahoo leagues. If he's available in your league, give him a look. Well, we're gonna see Randall at center a lot too, which is another reason I'm kinda keen on Di Vincenzo. But Hardenstein, yeah, we know he'll be nice across multiple categories. Just wish he had done a little more when he started last year at the same kind of when Mitch Robinson got hurt again. Bummer Robinson's out for the year. That stinks for his managers. It does. One other thing that stinks for managers if you drop them is that now Talen Horton Tucker is playing really well. 45% roster to from the Utah Jazz. He did sag sit out last night's win over the Pistons with foot soreness. Some people would say that's probably why they won that game. But in the 9 prior games, Taylor Horton Tucker, he's averaged 16 points, 5 assists, 2 rebounds, 1.6 steals, shooting 50, 44, 75. Clarkson, Jordan Clarkson, and Keontae George are still nursing injuries. Clarkson, I mean, like, a thigh injury. It's gonna be reevaluated soon, but I don't think there are any rush to bring him back. George is kinda day to day. Jazz have 3 games next week. I we we know the Taylor and Horton Tucker story. Play him while he's hot, play him while he's getting minutes, and then when he goes back to playing, like, 18, 20 minutes, you can you can probably drop him in in most leagues. Go ahead, Ken. Well, fan well, before I go into my second pick, fans, if you like our videos, please hit like and subscribe below, please. I have another repeat name as well. Derek Jones, guard forward for your Dallas Mavericks, only rostered in 22% of squads on Yahoo. He's been starting all season, battled a little quad injury last week, which dropped some of his management percentages. But look, last 10 games, over 13 points, almost 4 rebounds, 2.3 stocks while shooting a very nice 49% from the field, almost hitting 2 threes a game and shooting a very nice 83% from the free throw percent free throw line. The mavericks have 4 games next week. So much like, Jones is also a very safe, productive across the board streaming option next week. I think so. Yeah. I mean, with the, Dallas is just it cannot be healthy. And, as long as he's playing minutes. Even even if you're in a daily league, he he's an a shallower daily daily league. Jones is a great pickup for tonight. Dallas, we'll talk about later, is absolutely, like, decimated right now. Luke is out. Kyrie's this is just for Friday's game. Yeah. Axum and and Luca and Kyrie all out. So it I would not be surprised to see Jones have a big game on Friday. My second pick is a is a name everyone will be familiar with. Grayson Allen, guard wingman for the Phoenix Suns, 35% rostered on Yahoo. Grayson Allen has surprisingly been solid pretty much all year. I almost recommended him last week, but he was dealing with a minor injury. He's playing a career high 33 minutes per game for the Suns, averaging 12 points, 4.6 rebounds, just under 1 steal, 0.9. And, what are 2.23 pointers made? Great percentages. 48.6, which from the floor, which is a career high, and 89.1% from the free throw line. I just 12 teamers, 14 teamers, especially if you need 3 pointers. Grayson Allen absolutely deserves to be rostered. Over the past week, absolutely deserves to be rostered. Over the past week, he is the 52nd, ranked player on a per game value basis. 10 teamers probably can avoid him, unless you really are desperate for 3 pointers. But 12 team and 14 team leagues, he should 100% be rostered. Thank you, Shannon. Excellent advice. Alex, who is your long shot pick? I think you're going with a former Celtic. Former Celtic, Aaron Neesmith, 21% roster on Yahoo. Last 7 games for him, 14 points, 3 rebounds, 2 and a half stocks, 54% from the field in 26 minutes. The biggest issue for him kind of his limiting factor continues to be his foul trouble. 4.7 fouls per 36. This was also an issue for him in Boston. But Obi Toppin just does not he's not gonna happen. He's just Passive. Yeah. He's he's passive. He's just not that good. Can't rebound. He's 69. Get a rebound. Nesmith is, like, one of the Pacers' only positive defenders as well besides, like, Miles Turner. Maybe maybe Bruce Brown, but he's undersized. Pacers have 3 games next week, so it's not ideal. But, again, Neesmith, if you're in a 14 team league, I think it's fine to just keep them on your bench, and just kinda see what this turns into. Hustle guy. Help your stocks. Help your stocks. And nice percentages this season. He's been really good. Yeah. He's closing out games too. Like, he's not starting over topping, but Neesmith does close out most games for the Pacers. If you watch those New Balance ads in the back right, Neesmith, you can just barely see him at the end. New Balance signed her to a deal because they're in New England when he was a 1st round pick of the Celtics. Is he doing, like, lateral movement, cone drills? He's at the at the end, they all cross arms and do, like, a cool team photo, and he's back right behind the legitimate star shoulder. Maybe Murray. I can't remember. Alright. Now, nice I love that long shot. I have a super duper long shot if you need point guard help. Craig, undrafted rookie, Craig Porter for your Cleveland cavaliers, only rostered in 5% of leagues out there. Look. The Cavs only have 2 games luck next week. This is a speculative pick if you have room on your bench. But notice it was Porter and not Caris LeVert that was starting at point guard for the Cavs. Now the Garland's out multiple weeks with a jaw injury. Porter started the last two games, had 11 assists last night and had lost to the Pelicans. He had 3 blocks the prior game versus Utah. Anyway, big minutes in point, in both games. Excuse me. Point guards are valuable. My apologies to everyone there. Is this a is this a first ever podcast in the east? We're doing this for, like, 5 years. I've been running that sneeze for 5 years. Yeah. It finally got out. I mean, point guards are valuable in deep, deep leagues. Think about Craig Ports. Man, I thought I thought you were having a stroke. Always a possibility. Always. I mean, speaking of stroke, Craig Porter's great. If you're a DFS player, you're probably very familiar with Craig Porter. But he hit monster roster ship the past 2 nights, starting in place of Donovan Mitchell. I I love that suggestion, Ken. My long shot and our final Waverwire pickup of the show is Trace Jackson Davis, TJD. 90%. And he I I love that you love it, Ken, and I love you. TJD is 90% rostered on Yahoo. You know, he it it hasn't been he's he's the guy who has stepped up for the warriors in the frontcourt, which with Draymond out. You know, it hasn't been Kevon Looney. Kuminga's been solid. Sarge, a lot of people. Sarge was yeah. He he was a big part of the rotation earlier in season, had a very strong shooting stretch. But Trace Jackson Davis has just kinda come out of nowhere. He's providing the warriors with a defensive presence in the post, that they really don't get with Looney. In the most recent game or back to back games, actually, he is top 35 fantasy points. In those two games, he's played 23 and a half minutes, 12 points, 10.5 rebounds, 1 steal, and 2 blocks. I think this kid could really start to get earn more minutes and steal those minutes from Looney even after Draymond returns. So he's an immediate streaming option for 12 team, 14 team leagues. And I do believe that he could, you know, he's shown he's the last few games at least, he's he's productive even with limited minutes. So I I think it's worth taking a chance on him, see if he can stick in the rotation long term. He was a victim in the draft of ageism. It's like they punished him for playing 4 years at Indiana. His senior season at Indiana was awesome. 21 points, 11 rebounds, and almost 3 blocks a game. Shocking he fell that late. But, hey, kudos to the warriors. Yeah. He, he's averaging 1.1 fantasy points per minute. That's a great mark. He's also already one of the better offensive rebounders in the NBA. We need a little bit more of a sample for that, but I don't from him. Let's end with some drop suggestions, and I'm gonna suggest a controversial one. One that I thought would be a hot pickup, but Caris LeVert. First of all, the Cavs only have 2 games next week. But unlike Porter LeVert has not really exploded with all these injuries to the cavalier guards, kind of a disappointment. And then all throughout their Middle East, Beasley, Beasley was hot early. Bucks only have 3 games next week. Busy was a little dinged up, though I think you're pro Beasley. Right, Alex? Oh, I'm not pro Malik Beasley. Okay. In general, in real life. I mean, look, he's he's fine as a shooter, but there's a reason the Bucks defense is bad and especially in the backcourt. And, yes, a, it's Damian Lillard, but also b, it's Beasley. Again Yeah. He's fine as a 3 point specialist, but Yeah. We'll do a drop again. Using using Beasley as your perimeter stopper on the defensive side. That's a problem. I I seen him try to guard against, the first game against Pistons was hilarious to me. I I think Beasley, it's kind of the same thing we've seen in the past. Right? We've recommended him a couple times this season. If you need 3 pointers, he's gonna be a solid option. Ten teamers, probably not. Twelve team, 14 teams could still hold. It just depends on your format. But if you don't need 3 pointers, he's not really worth rostering. Lavert, I'm gonna push back on more. I think he's a hold for as long as Garland and Mitchell are out. Once Mitchell returns, which will be soon, Mitchell is just dealing with an illness right now. But LaVert last night's game, take it with a grain of salt. It's the 2nd game of a back to back, and it was kinda out of hand. New Orleans was was pretty much running away with it. So Lavert only played 23 minutes off off the bench. The previous two games before that, he played 27 minutes in each game, averaged 17 and a half points, 5 rebounds, 6 assists, 1.5 steals, and, 2.53 pointers. So yeah. Abs only have 2 games next week. I know. I get it. I get it. The honeymoon's gotta be over, with Goga Batista. I got the DNP the other day for the Magic with, Carter back. And when you guys added Caleb Martin to the notes? I did. Because he's he's his minutes have been down lately past 2 games. He saw 22 minutes on the 18th, 2 days ago against the Magic. He saw 18 minutes, and you've scored a combined 7 points, 8 rebounds, 3 assists, 2 blocks, or excuse me, 3 steals 0 blocks. I don't know if he's, if he's like a, you must drop him, but I would just keep an eye on what's going on with the rotation. Jimmy Butler's out tonight, so he could have a big game, but I would I would just be careful. Be careful. Getting his way, way, way. It's definitely something. Caleb Martin is definitely something to watch. He is still starting. Jimmy Butler also missed the the most recent game. So it was concerning to see Martin only play 18 minutes. But, yeah, Triple j and Tyler Herro being back are are the 2 big changes there. Alright, gentlemen. That is the end of our waiver wire segments. We now move on to our Friday DFS picks with Alex and Shannon. Alex, take us away for tonight's 6 games late. Yeah. It's a relatively, you know, usually there's more games, on a Friday, but only 6 games today as the NBA stacks Christmas Eve Eve. Okay. There are actually a surprising amount of injuries on this slate. I feel like guys were getting ruled out left and right. I'm like, are these real injuries or are these I'm going home for Christmas early injuries. I think the biggest stuff that's kinda happening, Doncic will not play and will not play, in addition to, like, basically, the target of their roster. And then we have, Jimmy Butler out for Miami. Obviously, you have Draymond Green out for Golden State. Nurkic is out for the Suns as well. Those are some of the bigger injuries. But on the slate in general, Shannon, what is what is the first place where is the first place you turn? Honestly, the the Nurkic injury was the first one I looked at. And I, you know, I believe that the spot start is gonna go to Drew Eubanks for the Phoenix Suns. He's the guy. He's the more productive option as far as their backups backup big men go. Alex, help me out with this name. Chamizy Mitu? Close. Chamizi Matu. Yeah. Matu. Alright. Because I didn't wanna be involved in any of the Me Too stuff. So that's good. That's good. Alright. So Drew Eubanks is the guy who's really stepped up when Nurkic Nurkic was limited and not playing a full complement of minutes earlier in the season. They brought in Huw Banks, kind of as a nice piece who could roll out and play 25, 30 minutes and the production not really drop off. We saw that with Eubanks with, like, Portland last year. I think Eubanks is the one who's gonna get the starting nod at center with Nurkic out, and he is an absolute steal on both DraftKings and FanDuel if he does get 28, 30 minutes. 45100 on DraftKings, 41100 on FanDuel. Also on FanDuel, he's power forward and center eligible. So you can get a little bit creative with your roster if you plug them in. We should also note Washington at Golden State has the highest over under tonight. This is a Jordan Poole revenge game situation. You only get one of these one of these a year cross conference. Alright? So take your chance, to put them in. How many t o's for pool tonight? 6? I don't know. I wonder what his prop is at. I put the over under at 5a half. I'm take I I bet it's at 4 or something. I'm taking the the the important question is how many field goal attempts, and I'm gonna say 36. Couldn't be like, hey. I'm supposed to be taking those bad shots. I don't see his props up. Maybe is there, is there some injuries we should be? No. I don't know. They're scared. I think they're scared. The books are scared to take any action on Jordan Poole, positive or negative. Yeah. 246 over under in that game, so keep that in mind when you're building your lineups if you just need to fill in, for pace. But, yeah, I mean, I think tonight, you know, if you're building your lineup, I think it's gonna be difficult to avoid having Eubanks in there. And I think I mean, I I don't think you mentioned him. Jagan Hardy, tonight for for the Dallas Mavericks who is $49, $100 on FanDuel. Like I mentioned, Doncic is out. Aksum is out. Josh Green is out. Kyrie Irving is out. Derek Lively also out. So it's not going to be just Jagan Hari. I assume Shannon as well. You're you're at least looking into Tim Hardaway and and Derrick Jones. No. Hardy Hardy is in my lineup on both FanDuel and DraftKings. Derek Jones is an option. Tim Hardaway is an option. Grant Williams is an option. The, you know, the only the only position or player I'm really not gonna go to, in Dallas is gonna be at the at the pivot. I I'm not going with Dwight Powell. Okay. I don't care. You know, if Cleaver if Cleaver if Cleaver were healthy, he might be an option. He's out too. But Dwight Powell even you know, he started in the past game or 2 and just played 20 minutes for her, but he's not doing anything. Even the most recent game against the Clippers, 17 minutes, 3 points, 1 rebound, 1 assist. He he's just not he's not a guy who's gonna rack up a a ton of fantasy points. But anyone else on the Dallas roster, and anyone who gets a a no a starting nod certainly is going to be look worth a look. Those are really the 2 big teams, Dallas and then the the what the Suns do at the 5 where I think you're gonna find good values. You know, we joke about Jordan Poole. But and revenge games, let me be clear. Revenge games are not a thing. Alright? There's no statistical, proof or evidence that players play better in revenge games. But if there's a type of dude who will have a revenge game, it's Jordan Poole. So percentage won't hurt you. Right? No. No. And the fact that it's in Golden State, you know, it's it's it's an away game for Poole. He's going back to that arena. Tribute video? They got a tribute video, you think, queued up? There's no way. Right? There's no way. There's just it's just Dre it's Draymond. Boom. Yeah. Does it does it help or hurt that Draymond's out? You know? Her motivation. I think it helps. I think it helps because if Draymond were in, he should not be scared the whole time. Can he sit on the sideline? Can is Green kicked out of the building or can That's intimidation. Can he street close this game? I don't know. I don't know, actually. Suspension rules. And then, yeah, outside of of pool, Tyce Jones, who we've many of us have complained about. Not lately. You know, he's been really hot lately. He he has topped, he had a 51 point fantasy game, a 63 point fantasy game, and back to back 33 point fantasy games. He's 66100 on FanDuel. I think he's worth a look as well. It's not a great matchup against Golden State, but then we get to go to the Golden Stateside. And TJD, Trace Jackson Davis, he is 46100 on on DraftKings. I actually think he's he's too expensive to consider on FanDuel, but on DraftKings, I love him at at that rate. Kuminga coming off a decent game. He's a guy who could have a nice outing as well. But looking at the star players, the expensive options for tonight, There are 2 guys that it's hard for me to move off of. 1st is Joel Embiid, who is the highest priced player on the slate. I rarely go with the highest priced player, but Joel Embiid is essentially 2 all star players in one right now from a fantasy perspective. On DraftKings, he has top 70 fantasy points 3 games in a row. And even if you go back to to 8 games, he's averaging well over. I'm sorry. You go back to 10 or 11 games. He's averaging well over 70 fancy points per game over the past 8 to 10 games. Absolutely fantastic. I I don't know how you can avoid him, but I I am probably gonna go with Embiid on both, both FanDuel and DraftKings tonight. And then my last suggestion is Tyler Hero. He's looked fantastic in his 2 games since coming back for injury. 35 and a half, fancy points and 44 fancy points. 33 and 35 minutes. So the minutes, you know, he's not gonna be in a limited role. And Jimmy Butler's gonna be out. So with Jimmy Butler out, Tyler Herro always gets a nice boost, and I like him quite a bit for tonight's slate. Yeah. And I like the hero point. I like the hero point. Yeah. Embiid has played Toronto twice already. 31, 11, and 8 are those averages with a block and a half. It's very, very good. My only concern about the, the the hero point would be I I'd worry he'd get the Dejounte Murray treatment. But, you know, again, the usage is gonna probably be so high that it it may not actually matter. I just saw Cade Cunningham get the Dejounte Murray treatment, and he went off for 65 fantasy points. I think the Dejounte Murray treatment is a fallacy. I don't think I don't think it exists anymore. Woah. Well, you know, you know, even when you get Murray assigned to you, you're still gonna wind up with Trae Young on some switches. So it all balances out, you know, it all balances out. Right. Okay. I mean, any final thoughts, Shannon? How about covers it? Well, then it is time, to go to Ken's old man rant. The Lakers hung a banner in the rafters for winning the in season tournament. Are you kidding me? They won 7 games. 7 games. That's not enough to get you past round 2 of the playoffs. And to prove how meaningless the IST is, the Lakers have gone 1 in 5 since and now sit 10th in the Western Conference. 10th. I'm sure Jerry West and Magic Johnson are proud to share room in the Staples Center's rafters with the IST banner won by Austin Reeves and Torian Prince. The Pistons are gonna hang a banner with their next win. So I I think I'm all for it. I love the h c for the banner. This was this was due for an old man rant. You know? This was There's a spotlight ceremony and a the black cloth that was pulled off of it as if they had just landed on the moon or something, please. Really good in 5 November games, the managers said. Looking good. I think we we avoided any severely mispronounced names. There were a couple of names. Chex? No? I really messed up the rookie for the wizard, so I'm not even gonna say it again. Kula Bali. Me, Alec. And, I I don't even think did you even try to say it? I I I I I butchered it. I butchered it like a Christmas ham. Okay. I might have tuned that out somehow. And then, Matt too. I I had Mac and Well, also, is it ex ex exzoom or exzoom? Because Shannon said exzoom. It's exzoom. I always say exzoom. Like, you're zooming the zoom, and that's wrong. Exzoom. Like like, you're digging up a body. He was he was exzoomed. Thank you. I I couldn't figure out why I was by the way, just wanna show off the elf sweater. But, yeah, I couldn't figure that out. Yeah. Thank you. That makes sense. Okay. Thank you everybody for joining us on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast presented by Underdog Fantasy. Kent, take us out of here. I do wanna thank our good friends at Underdog Fantasy again. Thank you, Underdog. Yeah. Let's go back to Detroit where Pistons fans had this to say to the Detroit Pistons ownership, quote, salve a team. Salve a team. Salve a team. Attention passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line. Happy holidays. No show next