Hey, everybody. I am Steve Alexander, doctor a. Welcome to the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball Podcast. Today is Thursday, April 11th. Rick Kim was here to talk about hoops as we do every single Thursday, and this is our last Thursday of the regular season. Yo, what's up everybody? It is Doctor Ray, FSWA Hall of Famer Steve Alexander. I'm Rick Kamla, the fantasy freak, and we are here. This is championship week. Last week should have been championship week for your league, but there are leagues that are playing their championship week this week. You know, all go time, right, with rest, shut down, Giannis going out. No. This this isn't it. You don't you don't play your championship game, this week. So, doc, look. My my business is all but taken care of in fantasy basketball except for one league. It's a, how many teams in this league? It's a 16 team league, closing in another on another championship here. I'm, I'm liking how the, the the points are stacking here heading into the final 3 days. But the rest of my, leagues, docker in the rear view mirror, the dust has been settled. I have a very, very, very good story to tell you and the people about that, but I want you to start us off here. How did you win 30 deep for the second time? And, you are now one chip away from the doctor a dynasty in 30 deep. Well, I, I drafted Victor Wimanayama with the 25th pick. Honestly, that's that's how I won. The first year that I won was 2011 slash 2012, and that was when I picked up Linsanity 2 days before Linsanity happened. I took you out in the finals in that one and that that's a tough one, dude. That was tough. This one I took out Bessebers, Dan Bessebers, and thank goodness we're not playing this week because Victor Wemenyama is probably done for the year. I'm down 0 6 and tied in 3 right now. If we would end up having to play this week out and it mattered, I don't know that I would have held on, but I had an incredible draft. I I went winby number 1. I took Fox with my Darren Fox with my 2nd round pick. Austin Reeves was my 3rd rounder. Somewhere in there, I picked up, Kobe White and Cam Thomas, and Peyton Pritchard was huge for me all year. So I just had a really healthy and fun year, and that in 30 deep, man, if you can stay healthy and you can put 6 or 7 guys out there that play a lot of minutes, you're gonna do well. It's just finding 6 or 7 guys to put out there, every night that can get it done. And Zach Collins, when Wimby wasn't playing, Zach Collins was doing well. So, those 2 kind of pivoted off each other, but I I'm so thankful to, to get a second 30 deep title. Doctor Ray, congratulations, man. That's big. A lot of the guys that win the title in 30 deep, they put that in the name of their team, 2017 champ, 20 19 champ, whatever it is. It's that big of a deal. I still have not won this chip yet. I am about to, dock, here shortly. No. I don't know if it's today or whenever. I'm about to pen my soliloquy, to have 30 deep change from a weekly league to a daily league because it's no longer 1994 when we all started this thing. It's, 2024 or whenever we started. I don't know it was 1994, but it was a long time ago. You're gonna make a presentation to the, rules. What do they call it? The, what did he call that the other day? The, the committee, the, competition committee. The people that I'm going to lobby to change this great league to the way that it should be. Now, doctor a, in recent years in fantasy basketball, I have, been unlucky. I've had you know, you you know my teams, doc. And, yeah, I'm sure you're basically in the semifinals, in every league in every year that you play. And so that's typically the case for me. But I've been I haven't been getting shut out, but I've just got a lot of bad stories to tell. Right? Well, not this year. Doc, I was in 4 Yahoo Leagues. Like I said, I'm in 1 1 championship game this week. I'm gonna win 3 out of those 4. I won Cam Dynasty, final 4 of 30 deep. This is probably the most successful season I've had, like, by percentage. I'm gonna win a chip in 4 out of my 6 leagues, so 66%. That's about as successful as I've ever been, and I've been successful. So I'm very excited right now, doc. I won, a nice little stack of money, in a league called, what's this league? Just NBA dynasty. I won 723 to 703. How did I win? Pickups, streamers, staying one step ahead of the opponent. That's how you win. And that's how I won that league. Doc, I'm about to win a, it's a 16 team league. And this league, Doc, I I gotta give you the math on this league. Okay? I've I mean, and I'll get to Cam Dynasty here in a minute. In the regular season, it's a 16 team league, and it's, not a regular it's a, you know, it's a custom league on Yahoo. 21 was my record in the regular season, and, I had, let's see here, a 113,000 points. The next highest guy had 93,000 points. And so I lost the second to last regular season game, doc, and, I I lost Cat, I lost Kuzma, I lost another, main dude, Jalen Johnson, so I was like, am I not gonna close the deal here? Got a very, very close win last week, and it looks like I'm gonna close the deal. Now in terms of Cam Dynasty, doc, I am super excited about winning this championship. Ken Kreitz won it last year. The Kay Train, obviously, our colleague here at Rodowire, and, and he was in it, had a badass team. Me and Ken and Darren Wilson, who's a media guy in Minneapolis, we we had the the 3 best teams in the league. 1 of us were going to win this championship, and it ended and it ended up being me. Doc, here's how I won this league, because Sunday was a war of attrition. It came down to Sunday. I had, like, some little leads going into Sunday, but it was all gonna come down to basically Sunday night with the Minnesota LA game. He had, Anthony Davis, I have Reeves, and I have LeBron. So as the day goes along, he loses 3 guys due to injury. Kinda sorta the reason I want. Okay? You gotta have some luck, guys. He lost Draymond Green to the back. He lost Anthony Davis to the eye, and he also lost, who else did he lose? And Franz Wagner to the ankle injury. Okay? All on the same day. Now, Doc, I, on that day, couldn't play James Harden, and I didn't. And he had a great first half, and I was like, oh my god. What did I do? But then he did he, left midway through the Q3. That's why I didn't play him. Because he was off the injury report, then on, then started, and I was like, no. I don't trust this at all. I also had, who else left? Jaylen Johnson left the game, and, and LeBron James couldn't play, and I couldn't play Caruso as well. So so I had injury hits, he had injury hits. And, doc, really what won the league for me, man, were streamers throughout the week. I, I streamed Reggie Jackson on a pop night. I streamed, remember, the Saturday game that Torian Prince had against Cleveland when he popped for 18 with 4 threes? I had Highsmith in the game where he had 12 points, 4 steals, a block, and 2 threes. I had, LaRavia on Friday night. It wasn't that great of a line, but he gave me 1 one and 1 in the block steals and threes. Metu Chamezi Metu, who I wanna talk about more here in a minute, Saturday was the streamer doc. I mean, this was a 3 run home run of a streamer. Okay? He had 20 points when 9 of 9 from the field, 3 steals, 2 threes. Okay? And it came down to the fantasy gold as it always does with me and Darren, and then I streamed Hauser on the night. He had 25 points with 7 threes. I I streamed Davion Mitchell in that game at the Garden, when he had 11 points with some goodies, on good shooting. That's why I won the league, guys. That was the margin of victory, me streaming and nailing the streamers. So, again, even if you've got a rock star team like I do, you've gotta you've gotta get the nuances, you've gotta go into the cracks, for these guys, man. So doc, let's pivot to tonight and and talk about, Chamezhi Metu because Well, it's it's funny you mentioned him because I picked him up last week in 30 deep and threw him on my roster just in case I had to play this week and needed a warm body, and and he's it. He's in my lineup, if we were playing, if it counted. So, like, helped me win this league. He will always be, in my good graces because of that. In the last game, he went 7 points, 11 rebounds, 2 assists, and a 3. That game that I told you about, okay, I already gave you the stats on that. Tonight, it's Detroit at Chicago. So, doc, I I really like this, spot. This is, the last challenging slate of the NBA season. There are no games on Saturday. Friday, everybody plays. Sunday, everybody plays. I I think everybody plays on Friday. I know everybody plays on Sunday. So you've got these huge silos on Friday Sunday, and it's not gonna be hard filling out your lineup. The decisions are gonna be between, like, Aaron Gordon and, I don't know, you know, Jaden McDaniels. Like like, really good decisions. Okay? So tonight, Metu. And I'm recommending, people getting him in there. I think he'd be a good look in DFS as well. Maybe even, doc, for a little double double prop. Right? I mean, not like the double double prop, but a but a point rebound prop. Because if it's at, like, 15.5, 17.5, I mean, I like Metu. I think he's gonna put up numbers tonight. Yeah. I mean, I I don't know why he would not put up numbers. There's there's no reason that he should not finish, this thing off with a flurry of stats across the board and I'm with you. He's going to be super cheap in FanDuel, super cheap in DraftKings. He's going to be a value pick no matter where you get him, and he should have an unprohibited path to stats. Let's, let's check out his, his point and rebound combo here on DraftKings, doctor a, and, here we go again, doc. Here we go again. This is such a pet peeve of mine. This is such a guess what, doc? There is none. Guess what? There is no point in rebound combo prop for Chamezi Matu. Not yet there isn't. Maybe maybe maybe at 3 o'clock this afternoon. There are so many things I wanna say right now, so many cuss words I wanna utter right now, and I'm just I'm let's just keep it moving, man. That that ain't cool, DraftKings. That no. That ain't cool, man. Like, we're gonna spot the actual guys who could pop for us, and you're just gonna take them off the board. It drives me crazy. Absolutely drives me crazy. That that's why we don't do the prop game a lot. I mean, legit. Like, I I was at I was at another place, you know, last year, another house for a minute, and doing all this prop betting and doing the morning, you know, thing like we're doing right now. And, you know, you get you get hot on these guys, man. This guy's gonna pop. So and so's gonna miss a game. I got the little nook and cranny here guy. And, of course, it's never on DraftKings because the wise guys and girls at DraftKings know that too. But it's so shady and so sketchy and so greedy of them not to put these lines out on these players. It's so greedy. It literally pisses me off, doc. It is a massive pet peeve of mine. He's a starter for a team right now. Put out a prop on him. Elevate the number. Let us target it. They just take it off the board. Screw you, DraftKings. I mean, legit. Screw you. That ain't cool, man. That ain't cool. It's greedy. I got another guy for you. Can I interest you in Sam Howser, who, like I said, he was my booty call? He was my fantasy mistress. He was my one night stand again and again and again and again and again over the season. Okay, doc? Against Milwaukee the other night, 8 points, 2 steals, 2 threes. Okay. You're not gonna get a huge game usually from him. Tonight, it could be an empty the bench game for Boston, doc. Tatum is questionable. Brown is questionable. Holiday is questionable. Porzingis is questionable. Derrick White is not questionable, but it's probably gonna be a bench game for the Celtics. They're at home against the Knicks, who are a great defensive team, but this is about minutes. This is about shots, and I think Sam Houser is gonna be a good source of threes tonight. He should be. I mean, anytime that Jaylen Brown is not playing, you want Sam Houser in your lineup. We talked about this the last 3 weeks. So, yes, I, and I I don't know why Boston would not rest everyone from now until till the playoffs because, I mean, you worked really hard. You can serve energy all year. You're up 15 games or 14 games, whatever the number is. It's absolutely ridiculous. Giannis is done. The Bucks are clinging onto the number 2 by a a thread right now, and Boston can just chill, make sure Al Horford feels like a 27 year old, you know, monster when he gets out there, make sure poor Zingus has has zero tweaks on his body. Tatum and Brown and and Derrick White should all be good to go. Giroux should be good to go. Like, this should just they should just let Sam Howser shoot every time tonight. So I agree on the Howser thing, but I disagree overall. I disagree with that. You want them to have some flow going into the playoffs? I don't. Nah. They're good. I want them healthy. Here's here's the here's the comeback to that. Boston has been doing the rest thing for about 2 months. I I need to dive into this. I wanna talk about this in more detail on, on NBA radio. It's more of a reality thing than a fantasy thing. But, doc, here's where my mind is at with this. Let's just let's take the last 30 games, okay, of a sample size for Boston. Doc, I bet in that last 30 games, I bet you they have had their primary lineup with all their guys for 10 of those games. Does that sound advantageous for a team heading into the playoffs? What I'm smelling from Boston is they think that their 1st round series is going to be their sort of, regel. Okay? But what if you get Philly? What if you get Miami and Jimmy Butler decides to join the party? Because Jimmy Butler is in a coma right now. He's anesthetized. Okay? He's not Jimmy Butler. But, doc, what if he just decides to wake up? What if he decides to shoot some Red Bull? Okay? And and he he like, I mean, the Jimmy Butler thing is insane. It's insane. Like, so so we just say goodbye to you for 82 games, and then we say hello to you again? Is that what we're doing here? But that that's my vibe with Boston, doc. I'm not saying they're not gonna win the east. I'm not. They're gonna win the east. Okay? So we're sort of nitpicking, maybe about a pointless mood situation here, but I don't like this. I don't like you know, they got a back to back, so Horford one night, Porzingis the next. They've been doing this for 2 months, doc. 2 months. They've been doing it all year. And they've continued to win. They have, but I I just I don't like it. At some point, to me, you gotta get lathered up because, doc, you can't take that first run for granted, and you've got 5 days off. Remember the play in tournament week, Monday through Friday, we're gonna be watching these PIT games. The top 6 teams are on their are off their feet for 5 days, doc. 5. Why do you need to rest now? You got a 5 day break coming up. You can never be too you know, it's interesting because I've been talking Celtics all year, and you're like, nah. I got Denver or whoever you got. And you you just have been, you have been reluctant to join me on this Boston bandwagon that I'm currently on. Hold on. On. For the east or the whole thing? Well, I'm I got Boston for the whole thing. I think you got Denver for the whole thing or or you did. No. I do. I I have Denver Denver beat Boston twice this year. Murray went off on the best defensive backcourt twice. I'm rocking with Denver, bro. No. I got I got Celtics. I've had them all year, and I love the fact that they're resting. I'm not worried about the I'm not worried about them, the flow when they get going. This is not the Atlanta Hawks we're talking about. This is Jaylen Brown, Jayson Tatum, and Al Horford. Guys with experience, guys, Drew Holiday, you know, Derek White. Guys who know what they're doing, guys who are well coached, that team is well run. This is not, the same thing as trying to get a team like the Sacramento Kings ready for the preseason. Like like, the Celtics are just they're just better than that, I think. I hear you, dude. I hear you. That's doctor Ray, Steve Alexander. He's an FSWA Hall of Famer. I'm the fantasy freak, Rick Kamla, and we are the OGs. This is the award winning fantasy basketball podcast on Roto O'Hire. Can I interest you in Xavier Tillman tonight, doc? And this is only a deep league special, and this is only if Porzingis, Santatum, and Brown, and Horford, and all these guys are ruled out. Okay? Can I interest you in some Xavier Tillman tonight? In the last game, he started, against Milwaukee. Played 18 minutes, 6 points, 2 assists, 2 blocks, 1 steal, 2 threes. I was kinda liked him, when he played minutes in Memphis. Can I interest you in some Xavier Tillman tonight as a streamer? Yeah. You can. I I mean, I'd rather put I'd rather roll with Tillman than a guy like Luke Cornett. Me too. Where I I trust Tillman's athleticism and his his ability to play basketball a little bit more than than Cornett. And, you know, at this point, I don't know why Boston just doesn't let Tillman do his thing. Like, let Hauser shoot it, let Tillman get the rebound, and put it back up. Alright. Hauser or Tillman, where are you going there? If if you have the decision between the I'm going Hauser. It it would all depend on, like, I gotta have a good look at this matchup I've got in 30 deep and, like, determine, do I need threes and points, or do I need rebounds and blocks and and kinda go kinda go that route. But I think I need threes and points, so I I'll be going Hauser either way. So let's talk about Portland here. We're trying to give you some streamers for tonight. It's the last difficult slate of the NBA season, because Friday there's a 1,000,000 games, Sunday there's a 1,000,000 games. Let's talk about the, Golden State at Portland game tonight, doc. You've got, Jabari Walker and you've got Chris Murray. And they're probably on your waiver wire right now, and you can go out there and scoop them up. Walker in the previous game against New Orleans, wasn't great. Four points, 10 rebounds, no goodies. Okay? But the last 2 weeks, doc, he's been at 11 points, 12 rebounds, 2 assists, 1, 3. He's very light in the defense, but if you need boards, he could he could be an over the top guy for you. Now Chris Murray is more versatile. Right? He's better at the 3 line. In the New Orleans game, he went 145 and 2. 2 blocks, 1 steal, 4 threes. Maybe the best game one of the best games of the year for Chris Murray, whose 3 point shot has been very erratic and, frankly, very disappointing this year. Over the last week, doc, Chris Murray's goal in 12.6 rebounds, almost a block, almost a steal, and 2.3 threes per game. Jabari Walker or Chris Murray tonight if you have the choice? Which way you go in here? It's really tough because I I really don't trust either one of them, But I think the name I trust more just based on the overall way the season has gone would be Jabari, Walker. Yeah. I I'm gonna go with Walker. Did did Chris did he did did even oh, yeah. There's Murray. Murray played 37 minutes last game, and he played well. 5 fouls. So yeah. That's that's a coin flip, man. I I need to know I need to know who's starting. Well, they they probably will start. Eitan is playing. Grant is out. Tomati Kamara is out. So these guys are probably gonna start tonight, like, a 90%. And by the way, a great follow on Twitter, rotor wire NBA. Okay? There's all these, constant updates, like, right up to game time and stuff because right now, look, like like we talked about, one of the reasons I won Cam Dynasty was Chamez He Metuh. How did I get Chamez He Metuh? Well, on Saturday, doc, you follow the news and you find and I took that one all the way up to the starting lineup announcement. Right? Because if Metuh was coming off the bench, I don't want him. I don't trust Monty Williams that way, but if Monty's gonna start him, then I trust it. Okay? And boom. They started him. He had a perfect game, basically. And so you you gotta take this all the way up to game time. Set alarms for yourself. Setting alarms, doc, is literally the key to me winning all these championships. It's literally the key. Okay? Staying up on in these 20 team leagues, these 16 team leagues. I mean, I started that Pereira dude from Memphis. Right? I started that guy from Detroit that we can't say his name, the Evo Budanamu. You know what I'm saying? Like, the the long name with the b's and the e's. I I don't like I mean, like, I don't I don't even really know their games. Okay? These are points leagues. I know they're playing 15 minutes. They're getting, like, 33 and a half points per game. Alright. I need a whole fill. Boom. Go in there, dude. And then you cut them and you move on to the next streamer, and you churn and you burn. Let's, doc. Let me throw this out here real quick. I started Pereira in a FanDuel lineup the other night, and he did not play. So that was that was me not setting alarms and not paying enough attention to write it game time. But I'll tell you the as, the k train, Ken Kreitz, has told me on numerous occasions, the most popular NBA page, at rotor wire is the, lineups page. And you can get lineups, and all the proposed starting lineups for today tonight are out there if you get lineups page under NBA. So looking at Portland, it says Scoot Henderson, Ryan, Rupert, Chris Murray, Jabari Walker, Deandre Ayton. Those are the projected starters, and then they'll have this updated right before game time. But it's a great it's a great tool to use, and and at least, there is some some science behind that. They're just not guessing what they think the lineup's gonna be, but it's also not an exact science because we don't know. But it's it's the page you wanna check out. Yeah. I mean, you you trust us. Right? Over here at RotoWire, we're the best in the biz, so, yeah, we we we got you. Let's get into, doc, let's, take a little bit of inventory here, Because, and by the way, for me, I'm Jabari Walker versus Chris Murray. It depends on what I need. If I'm if I'm more in the business of needing rebounds, then I would pick up Jabari Parker and stream him. If I need, goodies, fantasy goal, blocks, threes, and steals, which you pretty much always do, then I would go Chris Murray. Just flat, open canvas, I would rather have Chris Murray. Alright. I I wanna revisit, doc, were we right or were we wrong about the shutdowns around the league? And let's start with the Blazers right here. I feel like we nailed this doc because we we warned people about Jeremy Grant. We warned people about Ayton. Ayton is playing, surprisingly, but Anthony Simons is not Jeremy Grant is not. Okay? I didn't think they were gonna finish the season. And and as you were, this isn't like mister smart guy the whole time. There are teams that I misdiagnosed. Okay? And we'll get to that in a minute. But if if in my thinking on the blazer stock was if they're gonna take those last 2 years with Damian Lillard, they're, of course, gonna take the 1st year without Damian Lillard, right, as they continue to hit the reset button here. So I I feel like I feel like we nailed Portland with the exception of Deandre Ayton. I feel like we're getting gravyville right now with Ayton. I'm surprised he's playing right now, but what was your view on Portland? Well, I mean, I I think the whole story there is Deandre Ayton. I I think you and I both knew that Jeremy Grant was not gonna finish this thing out. We kinda knew that Amphy Simons and Malcolm Brogdon would get hurt. Like, a lot of it was not surprising. But when Deandre Ayton missed that snow game, because he couldn't get his car out of his driveway or didn't try. Yeah. I was like, man, this is this is done. Like, we're not gonna see this dude again all year. Like, I I just thought he was didn't care and was just gonna be shut down. It's almost like it's almost like Portland is punishing him, making him get out there and play in these games. Like, guess what? Guess what, mister Max contract. Welcome to Portland. Get out there and play with these scrubs that you wanna play with. Oh, you're you're you're playing every game down the stretch. I don't care if you're ready to go to Cancun or not. I like it, doc. That's the take of the day right there. I'm buying what you're selling. And, doc, the blazers obviously don't care if Deandre Ayton gets hurt right now. They obviously don't care about Deandre Ayton's, long term health and, well-being. Right? They're playing him. Right? They're they're resting all these other guys. They're throwing 8 now. There's there, I'll be, you know, the sarcasm continues here. Yes. They obviously don't care if he gets hurt and blows the tire here at the end of the year. They got him out there. They don't give a damn. No. They don't. And and by the way, the next good year they're gonna get from Deandre Ayton will be his contract year. Okay? He is in cruise control mode right now on that max deal. Let's talk about he's playing good. I mean, you gotta give it to him. Yeah. But it's these are silly season numbers. Right? Do do this in October. Do this in November. Do this in December. Do it when teams are geared up for you, and then he'll go back to being 14 points and 9 rebounds. He's tearing up that g league, though. He is. Those g league numbers. He really is. You're right. The the Memphis hustle don't know what hit him. The OKC Blue don't know what hit him. The main Redclaws, doc, don't know what hit him. The Fort Wayne mad ants, doc, don't know what hit him. Okay? I love that teammate. The Fort Wayne Mad Ants. Oh my god. He can't make it up. Doc, should we just stand up and take a bow about the Utah Jazz? Should we just take a bow, about the Jazz? Usually, you nailed that. You were that was all you, dude. That was all you. I I was I was not a part of that. What about the Spurs? The, you know, I thought Wembley was a shutdown candidate, and then I did an NBA radio show with Antonio Daniels, and he said, Cam, teams don't shut down top picks. And I went back and looked at it, and I was like, he's right. And so I stopped the Wendy shutdown thing, like, a couple weeks into the season, a month into the season. So we got that right that Wendy was gonna play it out. And, doc, I know you were saying earlier, you know, he's done for the year. He ain't done for the year. That was a back to back. Wendy was mad at at, Gregg Popovich, according to Gregg Popovich, about having to sit out last night's game. So I believe Wendy's gonna play the last two games here, doc, and he was not shut down. And then, you know, I don't feel like we were wrong about Devin Vassell, Jeremy Soehan. They were hurt. Okay? And they took it way late in the season and then shut them down. Right? And now you've got Kelvin Johnson. I was watching the game the other night. He turned an ankle or whatever it was, so he's gonna be done for the year. They're not gonna bring him back out. So San Antonio did not shut down their main dudes, this year, doc. No. And and I I had Wimby in a couple of our leagues, and I got to the to the playoffs and got to, you know, I got 2nd place in, 2 other leagues. And every time Wimby sat out a game, my my team just kinda stunk. I mean, that's how good he was. He he was just carrying every team I had, and it's funny. I went back and was watching some podcast that we did, in the off season last year with Adam King, and it was an interview with a bunch of fantasy analysts. And and then it it's just like get to know an analyst. And then at the end, he's like, where are you drafting Wenbin Yama, and what do you think he's gonna do? And almost everybody was like, you know, I'd be comfortable taking him in round 4, maybe round 3. And a couple of guys are like, well, you know if doctor a is in your league, he's gonna take him in the 1st or second round because he reaches for all his guys. But, man, I did reach for Wimby every year or everywhere that I drafted, and he exceeded my expectations by miles on these 7 and 8 blocks, 6 and 7 steals, 5 threes, 30 points, 20 rebound games, or just off the charts, man. And what is gonna happen when he learns how to play in the NBA? And what's gonna happen when Gregg Popovich and the Spurs are running plays for Victor Wominayama? How deadly is he gonna be in fantasy leagues? And will we even be able to allow him to play in regular fantasy leagues, or are the numbers just gonna be too big? I don't know. Lot to chew on right there. Way way back in the day, I talked to a guy when I was back in Minnesota, and he played fantasy hockey, k, early. And, I I play fantasy hockey now, but and I have and I've only played it for, like, 4 years, doc. I I I mess around with fantasy hockey. It is not, you know, a blood and guts thing for me. I mess around with it, kind of stay plugged into the league a little bit. This guy told me that they had to take Wayne Gretzky out of their fantasy league because, I mean, he's scoring 80 goals, a 120 assists. Like, he's like, if if you get Gretzky, if you get the number one pick, you win the league. So we had to take them out of the league. Are we gonna get there with Wembley? I mean, maybe. I it it's hard for me to believe that we would pull a guy out and and say you can't draft him. But it's even nutty that we're having this conversation. Doc, I did reach for Wimby. In the championship game I'm in right now, I I have Wimby on this team. And Wimby, obviously, has been a rock star. One of the reasons that, what was that doc? 20,000 points, ahead of the next closest team. It's laughable, man. And, so, yeah, I I I took Wenby in that league. He's been absolutely sensational. And, and so let's continue on here with these shutdowns, man. The, Memphis Grizzlies doc. I can't remember what I said honestly about them. And I feel like I was wrong about Memphis. I kinda thought that that Jackson and Bane would, would would play this out. Clearly, Memphis had other ideas. I thought Marcus Smart would come back at some point, doc. Be they they just shut their guys down. I mean, they did. Like, I think Smart could have come back. He had the finger. That was, like, 18 months ago he jacked up that finger. Like, what's up there? Right? Jackson and Bane, to me, were healthy, and then they just got the plug pulled on them. So I was wrong about Memphis. I thought they were gonna play it out and try to, like, maintain the culture and maintain competitiveness. And Zach Klim in their gym was like, either pull the guys off the floor. We wanna lose. Well, but they held him I mean, the fact that Jaren Jackson Junior was not shut down sooner than he was is a win. I mean, that is a that is a fantasy win. The fact that Desmond Bane came back and played for, what, 5 games after missing half the season. The fact that he tried and and even came back out at all, I was impressed by that. Like, that to me signal that neither one of those dudes wanted to be shut down or or wanted to quit on their team. That's what I'm saying. They didn't wanna quit on the season. Now they they pulled the plug, you know, over the last 10 days. I I can't be mad at that. I mean, dude, the the the injury report when you look at Memphis right now, it's like 20 Red Crosses, and then there's, like, 5 dudes you've never heard of, without a Red Cross next to their name. So it's just absolute disaster. The g league, whatever the Memphis Memphis Blue, is that what you said? No. It's the OKC Blue. They're they're the Memphis hustle, doc. The Memphis hustle. Yeah. So Yeah. Yeah. It's bad. It's the Memphis hustle. It's it's the fighting Jordan Goodwins right now, doc. That's who the Memphis Grizzlies are right now. 18 rebound Jordan Goodwin. Hey. I I like Jordan Goodwin is a backup point guard in this league, man. That that that that's some silly season stuff that I think matters. Not that he should start for a team, but to me, he's a legit backup point guard in this league. He's a great rebounding guard. He's a really grimy defender. He's gotta get the shot better. But let's talk about the Pistons, doc. We're we're taking a look back at at at our advice here on shutdowns, and largely our advice was accurate. However, I was wrong about the Pistons, doc. And you know what? Screw the Pistons for shutting down Kate Cunningham. I managed to win the Cam Dynasty, k, in spite of this. And and they they were playing him, and then they weren't, and now they've changed the injury designation on him, doc. He went from left knee injury management, which speaks to load management rest, to now left knee tendinopathy, which tendinopathy has been a very buzzword for injury reports throughout the year here. So I think what they're telling us is, he's not playing again this year. Couple of things, doc. I am so happy with LeBron James. And LeBron James look, doc. It got spicy for me in the Cam Dynasty when he was ruled out. Right? I'm looking at I got Anthony Davis lurking against me. Right? And blocks are everything in this game with me and Darren Wilson for the chip. And, you know, Davis, like, had the thing with his eye and all that kind of stuff. He had to leave. I mean, that was very much in my benefit. LeBron didn't play because of the flu. So, doc and then Cade Cunningham shut down. I can't play him. I did get Jamal Murray back on Saturday night. That was nice. I somehow managed to go 20 03 in the Cam Dynasty this year. I didn't lose a game. K? Pretty proud of that, man. So I did that in spite of Cade Cunningham. And, doc, guess what? Guess what? Because last year, they did not shut down Cade Cunningham. Pardon me. Like, last year, he was hurt. The year before, they did not shut down Cade Cunningham. Like Antonio Daniel said, they don't shut down top pick rookies. Okay? Well, they didn't. So I thought that would continue this year. They've been playing Jaden Ivy all the way through. So is this rest? Is it a little bit of a knee barking at him? Should we be concerned about that? All I know is this, doc. I am going to be aggressively shopping Kate Cunningham this offseason in the CAM dynasty. I'm out. I'm good. I really like the player. Okay? I really like the player. The style lines are fantastic. What I'm gonna do, doc, I'm gonna bundle Cade Cunningham with a high second round pick. K? And and maybe one of my younger guys and may maybe just a little sweetener on the edge. Okay? And I'm gonna go big game hunting for NSGA, for Devin Booker, for Donovan Mitchell. I'm gonna try to sorta upgrade, the guard spot with Kate Cunningham because I don't trust this Detroit thing, doc. I don't like how Monty Williams is coaching this team at all from the hard ass heavy hand approach, right, that has not worked to the rotations, to the are they gonna tank again next year? Doc, I'm out, dude. I'm out. I I will be trading Cade Cunningham. Most likely, he won't unless it's just crickets out there. He will be off my roster. I'm not just gonna give him away, but if I can scoop up a legitimate deal for Cade, he gone. Well, and I think you and I have been mad at Detroit all year. Like like, nothing they did all year made sense. And like you said, you know, early on halfway through the season, they're a they're a a team that is trying to figure things out and rebuilding, but they wanna win right now and they wanna act like they're a team that can win right now, but they're not that team. So you basically have money out there making all this money and making all these decisions on these guys, and they're just out there running around, like, trying to play basketball. But, you know, lack of steals, lack of blocks from Kate Cunningham, I think he's solid, but I think he's overrated. I think his name is bigger than his game. I think you feel that way and that's sort of what you're saying without saying it. His name is big enough that I think you can throw some some stuff in there with him and turn it into like a a real badass player. And I don't know that Cade Cunningham is the badass player that that you really wanna build your fantasy team around. I mean, I I I I think he is if they play. And, you know, he had the stress fracture now, the knee, like, I don't know. Like, is he just gonna have kind of a broken body? Like, these are the decisions we have to make in Dynasty League, guys. Like, he's either mine for the rest of his career, or I make the decision. Yeah. I I want out on this Kate Cunningham adventure. I want out, doc. I don't like this movie. I don't this movie sucks. This is like one of those movies that my wife will put on where it's just a bunch of random ass scenes, and there's no ending. The scenes don't tie together. You're like, it's good actors, but it's like, what does this movie even mean? And then the movie just freaking ends. They roll credits, and you're like, I didn't get the ending? They didn't even end the movie. They didn't I now I'm just pissed. Right? They didn't even end the movie. Why did I watch this thing? This is unbelievable. Okay. It's the rotor wireframe. The game's play the game's the game's played on k 2. 64, 12, 62. Like, there's nothing to like about that. Nothing to like lastly here, doc, we were right about them wizarding. Out. Yeah. So that that's where I'm at with Kate I'm out on Monty Williams too. I'm out on the Monty Williams thing. Okay? What what you know, oh, he was such a great coach in Phoenix. Was he? You had Devin Booker. You had Chris Paul. You had Cam Johnson. You had McHale Bridges. You had Deandre Ayton. You had good bench players. Like, I mean, yeah. I mean, he didn't suck. He won coach of the year and all that, but, like, we're seeing it now. We're seeing it now. You got Stewie. You got Duran. You got Kade. You got Ivy. You didn't even play him right. Clearly, you have no bench. But, anyway, we were right about the Wizards doc. We in terms of the shutdown thing, we were right about the Wizards again. Guys, you can see this coming a mile away. 1st year shot caller with a team taking over a team at the bottom. Hello? That's the most obvious tank of all time. Okay? What did Danny Ainge do his 1st year in Utah? They tanked. What did Joe Cronin do his 1st year in Portland? They tanked. What did Michael Singer do his 1st year in Washington? They tanked. What did Troy Weaver do his 1st year in Detroit? They tanked. K? It's it's an automatic doc, and so we nailed the we nailed the Wizards. Yeah. I I just gotta say, hats off to Jordan Poole for trying to be weirder than Deandre Ayton. I I can't figure out which one of those dudes deserves the Fantasy Flake MVP award this year. The Fantasy Flake. Is that what you said? Yes. Corey Kispert and Denny Abdija. I love those dudes. Shout out to Denny for for having a good year and making me feel kinda smart for having them on my roster all year. And we we kinda called the Corey Kispart thing coming as well, and I'm interested to see what, Koolabali is gonna do in the future. Reshaun Holmes, thanks for getting me to the finals in 30 deep, and then thanks for nothing else all year. And I'm dying. Kyle Kuzma somehow, some way, just still plugging along and putting up big numbers for those whiz. I mean, you know, they say anybody can put up bad numbers on a bad team. I mean, I I don't necessarily agree with that, but, somebody's gotta put numbers on a bad team. I I just think Kyle Kuzma is a good player. It could help a winning team. He's just you know, he took the money from Washington, and it is what it is. Doc, lastly here, let's talk about the Giannis Antetokounmpo injury before we hit the streets and take some of the comments from the people. Giannis goes out, obviously, his regular season is over with the calf injury. We don't know when he's going to come back. He might miss playoff games about this. It's all unknown right now. A soleus strain is usually like Giannis has. A soleus strain is a calf strain. It's usually this particular injury, a 1 to 2 week injury. Damian Lillard said he had this injury. He said it was about 1 to 2 weeks. It's not major, but it's something. And it might eat into Giannis' playoffs a little bit. It may create a reinjury situation for Giannis during the playoffs, god forbid. But, doc, we have 2 games left, for the Milwaukee Bucks. We have games tonight, then Friday Sunday, we get a 1,000,000 games. So for the Bucks, Bobby Portis could be a league winner, over these last two games. Or if you had him in your lineup last night, what he went for 30 points, 9 rebounds, 3 assists, 5 steals, 14 of 18 from the field, and 2 of 2 from downtown. The night before, when Giannis blew the tire, he had 15 and 10 with a steal and a 3. In two starts this year, doc, Bobby Portis is going 28 and 8, shooting 66 from the field and 2 thirds from 3. So it's 2 starts. But when Giannis is out, Bobby goes massive. And Bobby Portis might be a league winner right now because of this. Yeah. For sure. And I I mean, I'm with if he's available in your league, you gotta go get him, but I doubt I doubt that the leagues are still going on, and there shouldn't be any. But the ones that are, you know, hopefully, he's already gone. But, him and Pap Bev, man, I think Pap Bev is super strong, play right now too, and he's starting for them. And there's no Giannis, so everybody else has to chip in. Middleton's probably gonna finish up strong, I'm guessing. And those Bucks, man, they're just barely hanging on. Our game game and a half up on the on the on the Knicks, and I guess they held off the Magic. So I guess they're gonna do it. They're gonna be the number 2 seed, but with 2 games left against the Magic, a couple days ago, it was looking a little dicey, but they're winning without Giannis, so that's good. Pat Bev, last night went 13, 8, and 6 with a steal in 3 threes, and the Boston game, he went 20 and 10 with 3 assists and 4 threes. He also might be a league winner for you right now. Go and and Portis isn't gonna be available on waivers, most likely. He is 78% rostered in Yahoo Leagues, but Patrick Beverly probably 25% rostered. So he's probably out there. Doc, do you remember, do you remember, when we were talking about, and I I mentioned those two trades in the Sam Hinkes letter, league, where, I traded away Trae Young, I traded away Suggs, and it was 2 different trades. But I got Fred VanVleet, I got, Bobby Portis, I got Mike Conley, I got Rudy Gobert, I got Draymond Green, and I got, Duncan Robinson. Remember when we were talking about those trades? Yes. So your boy won Sam Hinkes' letter because of those trades. I had poured us in my lineup on Sunday, 24 points, 4 bombs. I pulled Conley out because I had already won the game. It was 54 going into the late game, so I pulled him out. But, I got Fred VanVleet in, in those trades as well. Final day of the season, he had 24 and 12 with 2 threes and, and one steal. Doc, the guy offered me those traits. It was like VanVleet, Gobert, Draymond, and Duncan Robinson for Trae Young and Rickie Counsell. Okay. Yeah. Where do I sign? And it was, like, another cluster of guys for Jalen Suggs and Bull Bull. And I was, like, yeah. Literally power to championship, doc. So yeah. I mean, this has been a great year. I hope I hope the people out here, doc, have been winning chips as well. We've been doing our best with you guys with the analysis, and, god willing, we'll be back here next year doing it again too, hopefully, through the playoffs. But, doc, let's set up some, some comments right here and talk to the people. Can I just give my my man, Luka Doncic, a real quick shout out? 34 points, 9.2 rebounds, 9.8 assists, 1.4 steals, 0.5 blocks, 4.1 triples, and a career high 78.6, free throw percentage to go along with this 49% field goal percentage. That dude took over the league this year. His team took over 5th place in the west. Lucas shot up immediately to number 2 in the MVP odds, and I think it's a 2 man race right now between Luca and, Nikola Jokic for MVP. No SGA? SGA is no longer in the in the core of that conversation for you? He is. He is. I just can't imagine them giving it to him over Jokic or Luca, but I guess I don't know. I don't know, man. I just know that I just know that the the season that Luca just dropped in our face is up there with one of the craziest seasons I've ever seen a guy have. You talk about the the numbers that kinda pop off the page and scream MVP at you. It it was Luca every single night throwing up triple doubles. And, dude, they're, like, 15 and 2 over their last 17 games. He's helping Kyrie Irving get up off the court. They're acting like brothers out there, and the chemistry is all good. Like, I I'm so fired. I'm gonna throw some money at Dallas to win it all. That's it. I'm doing it. Let's let's talk about that real quick because Dallas is a freight train right now. They are looking, the the look. There there's no there's no ceiling on them right now, doc. Do you know what I'm saying? There's no ceiling on them. So let's go to, odds to win the championship here. Oh my god. Oh my god. Dallas is a +2200 to win the championship right now. They absolutely it would not surprise me if they were in the NBA finals. I love Dallas to win it all at plus 22100. Here's the other bet, doc. How about Dallas to win the West? I bet the odds are really nice on this as well. Plus 1100 for Dallas to win the West. I believe right now the West finals is gonna be Dallas and Denver. Although well, that can't happen. If Denver's in the one hole, and and, Dallas I I got Dallas beating the Clippers in the 1st round, by the way. And so then that would be a second round meeting. So there you go right there. But, but they will play. I would still I'm still gonna probably go Denver over Dallas stock, but I do like Dallas. You know, if you wanna get a little fun with your money, throw 10, throw 20, throw 50, whatever you can do to try to really get a big bang, and have a dark horse win it all. I I think the Mavericks hit those numbers are great bets, doc. Yeah. I like it too. And I love I love when the Clippers and the the Mavericks play in the playoffs because they hate each other, and it's, it's usually pretty pretty fun. Would you like to hear from the people? Yeah. Let's do it. Tory Thompson said my finals opponent is mad at me because I already have a better team, and now I just picked up Trae Young, Tyler Herro, and Brandon Ingram. Should I feel guilty? That's that's solid solid question. No. No. That's You guys, I just went 20 and 1 on a league of 16 players, and I finished 20,000 points higher than the next closest guy. You wanna doc, you wanna talk about guilty? That's just greedy. Okay? You know how many games that I had absolutely smoked, and I'm still picking up the Abu Buqana moms and guys to throw 1 at the end of my roster to fill holes? Dude, I was trying to run up stats on this league. I went Urban Meyer, Ohio State on these fools. Okay? I'm trying to cook you 70 to 3 around here, and I'm not going to apologize. And I don't damn care if you as a coach are butthurt and don't wanna shake my hand after the game. I don't care. I want the dub. Next. There's not a lot here. I think we're done. I think we're I think we're shutting this part down. Michael Gonzalez says my lead goes all the way to the final day, 2 week championship round, man. That is tough. That is that is very hard. And, the other thing that's very hard is working in this industry and having to blurb, a 15 game night when 30 teams are playing, and that's sort of what we get on that final Sunday. And but then again, it's the final day of the season, so it doesn't really matter what you write. It only matters if that guy's really gonna carry into the playoffs. But, man, those those 15 game nights are are tricky, and this 15 game Sunday is gonna be nuts if it for the people that it matters to, I do not envy your position. I'm glad that I will not be required to watch any of that. So, again, you gotta set alarms for, 12:45 for the 1 o'clock games, for 3:15 for the 3:30 games, and be able to toggle and move away and, maybe save a couple of moves, like, if you've got 7 waiver moves for the week, you know, save a couple of them for Sunday because, there's probably gonna be some silly season goodies out there on Sunday. Some thirties, some 20 fives from guys you're like, wow. He just had a huge game. That's kind of stuff's gonna happen on Sunday. So, look alive. I mean, there there might be goodies on waivers that win your championship this Sunday. Alright? I just proved to you guys. I won the Cam Dynasty streaming guys all the way up until the end. I streamed to dude on Sunday, streamed to dude on Saturday. K? You're you're gonna be doing it all the way up to the end, and if you're not, you're probably not gonna win your league. Alright, man. Well, the plan is for you and I to keep doing this all the way through the playoffs Let's go. All the way through the finals. I'm psyched about it. And that'll be fun because we can talk really everything from DFS to to real life and and all that stuff. Yeah. Points for the props. We'll we'll be getting to all that stuff, man. All of it. And then, Kieran and I are gonna be here on Tuesdays throughout the playoffs as well. So I'm excited that we get to keep this strain rolling. And, Rick, we will see you next Thursday. Enjoy the masters. Enjoy some daytime baseball today. I know you're fired up about some daytime baseball. I am. I am. I I've got I've got, opponents to absolutely shred in Yahoo Leagues, doc. So, yeah. I'm I'm looking forward to this, man. Already off to a good start in baseball. A lot of times I start slow, doc. Right? You gotta get the pitching staff right. My pitching's nails already. These suckers don't stand a chance, doc. I got Strider, but I also have Ellie De La Cruz, and that is my guy. Alright. Peace out, y'all. Later.