Welcome to the award winning Fantasy Basketball podcast by Rotowire, brought to you by Underdog Fantasy and Vivid Seats and Rival Fantasy. Look at all these sponsors. Oh. Someone's busy. Someone I guess Shangan's job. It's Friday, October 27, 2023. Alex Berutha here with Shangan McEwen and Ken K train Crites. Uh-oh. All aboard. We're gonna jump straight into the news. Damian Lillard last night put up 29 points. Excuse me. 39 points. 30. In his 9. I basically watched him score 29 points because I saw the second half. They beat the harden list, 70 sixers. Dame with 39 points and 9 of 20 shooting, 8 rebounds, 4 assists, 4 triples, 17 of 17 from the free throw line. I cannot tell you the last time a Milwaukee Bucks fan saw someone shoot 17 of 17 from the free throw line. We also had Tyrese Maxey in the absence of James Harden go for 31, 8 dimes, 2 steals. Kelly Oubre had a nice game as well. Yeah. Shannon, do you have any I mean, this Harden situation, the NBA is investigating it. He try he wanted to play. The team was like, we don't I don't know if we want you to play. What do you what do you really anticipate happening here? Fantasy manager, if you owned if you roster James Harden right now, you know, you can't do anything but sit on your hands. You just keep them on your bench and wait until this all blows over. You know, there's one of 2 options. I don't think he's gonna continue to sit out beyond this road trip. It's either gonna be he's playing with the Sixers or he gets traded. It's one of those two options. I don't think they're just gonna sit them, long term. So hope Sixers uniform? You think we'll see him on the court in a Sixers uniform? I'm not sure they trust him. I think he might not quite tank it, but not really give full effort either. We've seen that before. It it I mean, that that could be the outcome. We'll we'll see. I don't think I I don't think we're gonna see an NBA player out on the court, like, purposely taking games. Will his effort be a 110%? You know, has it has Harden's effort ever been 110% on both sides of the court? You know, who knows? Yes. So I I, you know, again, as a fancy manager, you sit on your hands. I do think there's something's going to happen once this road trip is completed and the the sixers get before the sixers get ready to play their 3rd game of the season. When does Joel Embiid make us stink about this? Like, it's gotta be driving him crazy. Like, is he gonna is he privately gonna make ultimatums to Mori, or does he ever come out publicly and say anything? I mean, I was gonna say, I think partially when you're if you're Embiid and you're not really saying anything about it, I think that's basically the equivalent of just clearly being annoyed by it. Like, if you're not like, I I would I would love to welcome James Hargan back. He he's the great, you know, he's a great guy. If he was coming out saying all that, that's one thing. But just kinda being silent about it, I think it just implies kinda what you're saying. Yeah. And with with Embiid, there's one thing I'll say about 6 his Sixers teammates is if they want to win a championship this year, having Harden on the team is the easiest path to that. Trading for Terrence Mann and Norm Powell and Bones Hyland or whatever it's gonna be, whatever that package would have to be from from the Clippers is not going to make them a better overall team. I thought the holdup was more picks so they can then flip the picks for some other veteran player at the but then that implies that there are veteran players available. You know? Like, I'm not who nobody really comes to mind. But Hopefully, Bogdanovic is available. Well, let's get on. Let's get back to real basketball. The other game last night, for players playing, Lakers beat Phoenix in the LA home debut. AD bounced back with a nice 30.12 rebound, 3 block, 3 steal performance. LeBron, who was allegedly on a minutes restriction, played 35 minutes, 21 points, 8 boards, 9 dimes, 2 steals, 2 blocks. Of course, this is against the Suns team with no Booker, no Beal. KD had a very nice 39 and 11 game. I'll tell you what made me a little concerned, and maybe you guys don't care, but Yousef Nurkic, who should have had a lot more opportunities with Booker and Beal out. He did have 9 rebounds, but only 4 points on 1 of 5 shooting. Other than the big three guys, who appeals to you in Phoenix? Well, I mean, we're gonna talk about one of them later. I mean yeah. So I don't I don't wanna step on Shannon's toes. We're gonna get to one particular player in Phoenix later. I will I one guy I'll bring up is Eric Gordon, partially because Beal is relatively injury prone. We're seeing it already. Booker will probably get nights off as well, and that backcourt is just not it's really thin. So, you know, Jordan Goodwin also got 30 minutes in this game, 14 points, 6 rebounds, 2 assists, 2 seals. Like, both of those guys, if you're in a deep league, are interesting and or are at least worth, like, a streamer in daily leagues if you have, like, unlimited claims, that kind of a thing. Yeah. Jay Eric Gordon, you know, negative 27 last night, in 30 minutes, 6 for 16, 2 for 8 from downtown. He had a rough, season opener with the Suns as well. He looks quite a bit slower, than past years, especially on the defensive end. He is pretty agent. He's basically the Ken Krites of the NBA, at this stage of his career. So, yeah, it it is tough, but he will have some value if if you're desperate for 3 pointers when when the Suns are shorthanded. Which could be often. I don't know I don't know how many games Bradley Beal has left in them. We'll see. It's it's tough to say. I mean, they're I won't be surprised if they set guys. Everybody knew this though when they drafted them. Booker is the guy who you expect to play the most games Yeah. And then kind of either Beal or Durant behind him. You know, I was happy to get Beal in the 2nd round in my n f b k c draft, but drafting in the 1st round, little tough. That pretty much does it for news. So we are going to before we get into fan feedback and waiver wire, we're gonna talk about underdog fantasy. Underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $500 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. That's code RWNBA. Okay. Let's get to our fan feedback. Fans, please ask ask us a question in the comments of this week's waiver wire video on the new RotoWire Fantasy Basketball YouTube page, and we may answer it here or in next week's show. We got this, in our risers and fallers video from the preseason from Angel Abara. Angel, I'm sorry if I'm mispronouncing your last name. He want he or she wants to offer, but, offer a friend, Miles Turner and Brandon Miller, in hopes to get Anthony Davis, which might be a little tougher after last night's game. What say you, Shannon and Alex? I will say that I don't view Brandon Miller as a 12 team fantasy player this year. So you're in my opinion, you're trading Miles Turner for Anthony Davis, which is a win. Yeah. Yeah. If you can do it, then good on you. You know, this this seems more like a dynasty league offer, than a redraft. So so if it is dynasty format and you're dangling Brandon Miller as the sweetener with with Myles Turner, that can make sense. I would be very surprised if you're able to pull off this trade in a redraft, single season league. And and even oh, sorry. And even even if you view Brandon Miller like, let's say you think Brandon Miller might be 12 team relevant this year. I don't know think he's gonna be so good that his production is not able to be found basically off of the waiver wire. Like, I think he'll be replacement level. You know, like, maybe he's your second option off your fantasy bench, but you can also stream guys in on 4 game weeks in that spot, and it's fine. So, yeah, I It's a keeper league it's a keeper league deal. Miles Turner is only 27. It's a keeper league offer, but it doesn't make sense. Season 1. Okay. Well, with that, Alex, what's next? We are officially jumping into our first waiver wire of the season. Obviously, one of the biggest waiver wires, waiver wire periods of the entire season are the first, I would say, 3 weeks, and then pretty much a trade deadline. So of the of the few major ones, this is obviously huge. And we gotta explain the format. Yes. We each pick 2 regular waiver wire pickups and then one long shot. Yes. Regular waiver wire pickups being about or less than 50% rostered in usually Yahoo Leagues we use, and then a long shot being less than 25% rostered. I'm gonna jump straight into it. My my first waiver wire option is Xavier Tillman, of the Memphis Grizzlies. Also, Santi Aldama, but we have yet to see him play. Xavier Tillman's 53% roster right now, obviously, with the Steven Adams out for the season news. He got scooped up very quickly, but we have Santi Aldama still only 20 21% rostered. Like I mentioned, Steven Adams out for the whole year. Aldam was dealing with the ankle injury, hasn't played, won't play today, Friday. Tillman, I guess, first game in the opener, 17 points, 12 boards, 4 assists, 3 steals, 1 block. This Memphis team is pretty thin in the, for in terms of depth. Not thin. They have David Roddy on the roster. But, Tillman, we saw him we saw him in the playoffs last year. Like, we know Tillman is good, and he's going to get maybe 30 minutes a game. Maybe they pull back a little bit when Santi is there, but this is just a clear ad for, you know, pretty much every league. I think if you need threes, Santi is obviously, the better option. And I'm curious to see how many starts Tillman gets versus Santi when they're both healthy. I I still think there's possibility the Griz will go with a big lineup for stretches too where you have Santi Tillman and Jaren Jackson all in the lineup at the same time. Santi is a decent passer. So I think they can make that work. You guys mentioned he can stretch the floor. So it'll be, you know, at least until Ja Morant comes back, I could see them get being being creative with some of their, 5 man rotations. Ken, who is your first waiver wire pickup for this season? Well, before I do that, I do wanna ask fans, please, if you like our videos, please hit like and subscribe below. My first free agent pickup for the season, Chicago bull Kobe White, who's 4, 41% rostered as of, yesterday, and mostly because he is the starting point guard for your Chicago bulls. You know, Chicago really didn't have any off season, roster changes of note, and they're really spinning their wheels last year with Desumu and Caruso at the point guard. So they're going to experiment with, higher score Kobe White, which I think is a solid move. There's just a lot more upside to White. He's never going to be an 8 assist games, 8 assists per game guy, but they're gonna give him a long run as a starting point guard. He obviously has the higher draft pedigree. So, and to me, point guards are always in short supply off the waiver wire. Grab Kobe White. Yeah. Kobe White played 31 minutes in in the season opener. The last time the only time in his career where he averaged 31 minutes or more. He averaged 15 points, 4 rebounds, 4 point 8 assists. Guess what he had in the season debut? 154 and 4. Mhmm. That's pretty much exactly what you put up in preseason as well, like, per 30, per 36. So, yeah, really, a good add there, Ken. Very clear for all leagues. What do you, who's your first add, Shannon? My first ad is rookie center for the Dallas Mavericks, Derek Lively. Derek Lively had a lot of preseason helium. He started pretty much the entire preseason for the Mavs, and then he surprisingly did not start the season opener. They went with, Ken Krieg's favorite, Maximilian Kleba, instead. But Lively did start the second half, and he played really well. 16 points, 10 rebounds, one steal, one block. He was, you know, 2 for 3 from the line, 7 for 8 from the floor. Why have we why have we he's not gonna he's not gonna stretch the floor. His field goal percentage is gonna be astronomically high because every shot he takes is going to be a putback or a lob. He gives Luca and Kyrie that lob threat that they really, you know, Luca hasn't really had in his career. And I think he's going to stick in the starting lineup. After getting the nod as the starter in the second half, of the opener against the Spurs, I fully expect him to start moving forward, unless Jason Kidd pulls some kind of weird shenanigans. But Lively, I would argue, you know, Tillman or Lively, depending on your appetite. Those are probably the top two pickups to target in this free agent period. They love Kleber and Powell, but they've spun their wheels for a long time with those 2 as the top big man options. Lively is the way to go, at least for a long while. Yeah. He was, he was really affecting the game with his pick and roll, like vertical spacing. It was just when he was in the game, it really felt like Dallas's offense was running better. I'm gonna jump to my second, waiver wire pickup, which is Jalen Johnson of the Atlanta Hawks. 32% rostered. Atlanta's forward minutes after they traded away John Collins this offseason, pretty up for grabs. Preseason didn't didn't really tell us that much. It it it remained a bit confusing. Sadik Bey actually got the start and the opener against the Hornets. But Bey, Deandre Hunter, Jalen Johnson, they all got between, I think, 29 and 31 minutes. So they all play the same amount. In 29 minutes, Jalen Johnson had 21 points on 13 shots, 7 rebounds, 2 assists, 2 steals, and a block. Johnson is an amazing athlete, like a freak athlete. So his his defensive upside is pretty high, and he's a way better passer than people expect. He's excellent passing the preseason. We saw that in the playoff series against Ken's Boston Celtics. He had some nice moments as well. It seemed like Atlanta really liked him there. So, I think he's worth taking a chance on if he's gonna continue to play roughly 30 minutes a game. Well, the hawks are not married to Sadik Bey. They did not give him a rookie extension, meaning he'll be a restricted free agent and at the end of the season. So I think Bey's on a very short leash is the starter there. And similarly, AJ Griffin could also get a ton of 4 minutes. As you say, the forward spaces are wide open in Atlanta. Yeah. With with Atlanta, they they have a roster full of trainers, guys who can play multiple positions. So Sadik Bey can easily slide down, you know, when he was with Detroit, he would slide down to the 2 at times. He would slide down he would slide up to the 4. You know, Jalen Johnson could play the 3 or 4. You can see Deandre Hunter, same same thing. But Donovic plays the 3 sometimes. Yep. Bogdanovic could play 1 through 3. So I think you've got you've got a lot of guys who who are trainers that could play multiple positions. They ran a 9 man rotation in that season opener. You know, AJ Griffin who only played 10 minutes, it looks like he's really kind of the odd man out with that forward rotation. So if it's a 3 man rotation and Jalen Johnson's playing 28 minutes per game, he's gonna he's gonna have some solid fancy value. Ken, our next waiver wire pickup, your waiver wire pickup was one of our sleepers for this season. Sure was. Cam Thomas of the Brooklyn Nets who, some of us are also wagering on to be a 6th man of the year. He's gonna offer points, points, and more points. You may have noticed he had 36 points coming off the bench. That was the most off the bench points, I think, for any NBA player in a season opener. And, you know, it wasn't like it wasn't like he was it was an ugly volume. He shot 13 of 21, 8 from 11 from the free throw line, 205 threes. You know, he had 23 points per 36 minutes last year for the Nets, and the second unit is filled with defenders like Royce O'Neil and Dorian Finney Smith. I think, you know, they're setting up Cam Thomas to be their instant offense off the bench guy, Avinny the microwave Johnson type. So if you need points and threes, I love Ken Thomas. Yesterday, he was 41% roster on Yahoo. Yeah. Get him in your free agent waiver claim queue. Speaking of, 40%, his usage rate, 45.2%. Exactly. I will. But I think I think your point is good about about Brooklyn. A lot of their bench guys or their, you know, their secondary guys are defenders. So if it's the if it's the middle of Q3 and they're down by 18, they're gonna put Cam Johnson or, yeah, Cam Thomas in because they just need scoring. Right. Ben sim and even the starters, Ben Simmons is not gonna light it up. Nick Claxton isn't gonna light it up. You're really relying a ton on Bridges, Cam Johnson, Dimwitie, and Thomas to do the bulk of the scoring for the squad. And then the nights when Cam Johnson's not going to be hitting his shots, and they're going very, very happy to to switch to Thomas. Yes. Yep. That that is true. I will say the, you know, the the breakout potential of Cam Thomas as we highlighted during the preseason could have a negative impact on some of these other guys, within the Surrey lineup. Raquel Bridges only had a 22.9 usage, 12 field goal attempts in in the first game. Spencer Dinwiddie only played 24 minutes, 1 for 3 from the floor. So I do you know, those are things to watch and depend on how much how many minutes, how much volume, how much usage Camp Thomas has. I will say if Camp Thomas goes off and has another 2 or 3 games like this, I am selling high. So putting that out there. Alright. Didn't we could be a trade deadline option for these nets. At 30 years of age, he does not match the timeline of the rest of the squad. I mean, I think they also view him as Ben Simmons Insurance. Right? You never know when Ben Simmons is gonna have a back injury that suddenly can't be played for 2 years. But, this, if they can trust Simmons, Dinwiddie seems like a great trade deadline deal. This absolutely can. This Nets team, you know, outside of Bridges, Cam Johnson, and Nick Claxton, the rest of the roster, you know, if this team's not winning games, the rest of the roster will be available. Shannon, who is your next waiver wire pickup? The Strouse is loose. Big game in Cleveland. When his Cleveland debut, Max Drew started as small forward for the Cavs in that Brooklyn Nets game. He played 39 minutes, 27 points, 9 for 17 from the floor, 7 for 13 from downtown, 2 for 2 from the line, 12 rebounds, 1 steal, 1 block. Now this is, you know No Jared Allen in that game. So No Jared Allen. For grabs. Yeah. A lot of boards for up up for grabs. Okoro, Isaac Okoro, received the spot start in place of Jared Allen. Max Drew should be locked in as this team's starting small forward and receive heavy minutes all season long. I do expect he'll have a a slightly bigger role than he had in Miami last year. They paid him the money. They received 0 production from their small forward spot last year. 0. Now, you know, the caveat being that's that season debut with the Cavs will be Max Drusch's best fantasy game of the season. It will be. It really will be. Put it out there. But He's not gonna have another 12 rebound game the rest of the season. No. I would wait wait wait. And and he's only gonna hit 7 threes maybe one other time this year. But will he average two and a half, 3 pointers per game? Will score you 12 to 13 points, grab a a decent amount of of rebounds for a small forward? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I I like Max Struss. I liked him a lot in deeper formats, as a late round dart. And I do think he's worth a look, especially if you're desperate for 3 pointers. If you're an Evan Mobley manager and you see Struce get double the rebounds and almost triple the points on opening night, how irritating is that? How frustrated are you? It is a little frustrating. You were hoping for Mobley to have a big game, but I Mobley is such a high floor. I don't think it I think it was Mobley's draft. You know, his ADP was not unreasonable. People were not drafting him 22nd. I thinking some big breakout was coming. Like, you could still get him at, like, 35. But, yeah, Shannon, you're completely right, Shannon. They have to play through 30 minutes a game for their spacing. This might be his best game. If you're rostering him already, maybe sell high. If you aren't, it's a good pickup. Like and you can hang on to them. It's fine. Like, you there's you know, get them on your team or sell high if you can get a ridiculous return for them. Yeah. Now, Alex, I believe you stay in Cleveland for your first long shot free agent pick of the year. I am. It's not a super long shot, but Caris LeVert of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Again, 17% roster in Yahoo. Nothing out of the ordinary from LeVert in the opener, honestly. Like, 31 minutes, 24% usage rate, put up like 11 points, 5 assists. But Five dimes were nice. Five dimes are nice, but he can pass. I mean, it this is this is like a process thing. Like, he just needs to be rostered in deep leagues. Like, if you're in a 16 team league and Caris Laverga is not on a roster, that's just not right. Because he's in the rotation already. Like, even when nobody's hurt, the the complete rotation, he's playing 26 to 30 minutes a game. He's like so he's a, you know, high level 6 man for them. And then if Mitchell or Garland gets hurt, he becomes, like, the secondary playmaker. So I just think in deep leagues, like, he's just a he's such a clear ad. It's not a it's not a crazy upside picker or anything like that, but he should be rostered. Ken, let's just go to your long shot. I'm gonna go to Oklahoma City and suggest, Isaiah Joe who's 1% rostered. I think the Thunder are grooming Joe to be their points off the bench guy much the way we talked about Cam Thomas. This team needs outside shooting, and Joe shot 41% from behind the arc last season. He had 15 points, 5 boards, and 3 triples Wednesday at Chicago. That was in in his 22 minutes. Led the bench for the thunder. If you need those Max Strouse and Cam Thomas categories of points and triples, but those 2 were not available, Look to Isaiah Joe for the funder. I think that's a good point, Ken. 24.7% usage in the in game 1. Their bench is still kind of their bench has a lot of room for somebody to emerge. Yes. You know? They don't have, like, a lot of established bench options that we know are gonna play 28 minutes a game. I think, I think Joe is a is a good option there. I will say for there are people watching in this livestream. Somebody asked a question, Jalen Johnson or Herb Jones, 10 team points league. My opinion is Jalen Johnson because he has upside. He has way more points upside and assists upside. Herb Jones, I don't really like specialists in points leagues, especially like 3 and d guys, because you're not getting the benefit of the 3 point category. Steals are worth a lot, but Herb Jones is just not really a part of their offense. And plus when Trey Murphy comes back, fewer minutes for Jones. So I really like Jalen Johnson in in that case, especially in a 10 team points league. Yeah. That that is a tough question. Her Herb Jones is going to have decent run here with Trey Murphy out, but I do expect Trey Murphy to be reinserted into the starting lineup. Once he is at full strength and shakes off all the rust. So, you know, it's to be determined when that's gonna happen. I like Jalen Johnson a little bit more because 10 team league, I believe Jalen Johnson has more upside. Herb Jones is basically already in in in most 10 team formats depending on the depth of the rosters. Herb Jones is basically, end of the bench guy anyways. So Alright, Shannon. Do you like Johnson's upside there? Nice. Shannon, give us your long shot pick who's supposed to be rostered in less than 25% of the league. He's right around 30%. He was closer to 25 when I made this. It was before last night's game. Come on. Give me a break. Josh Okogi for the Phoenix Suns. Starting small forward, he's locked into the it it's pretty pretty simple math here. Do I think Okogi is worth a roster spot in 10 teamers? No. Twelve teamers? Probably not unless it's a deeper bench. But deeper formats than that, yes. He's he's locked in the starting lineup for the Suns. He's playing minutes. Beal and Booker are both dealing with what I presume are minor injuries right now. So they both sat Thursday's game against the Lakers. Akhoyi is not gonna light up the box score, but he give you decent production, hit some threes, grab some rebounds, hopefully get some defensive stats. He he's averaging, you know, he basically has one block and one one steal through 2 games right now. But the threes been there, the rebounds been there. Those hustle stats are what he's known for. Yeah. So as long as he's getting 33 minutes per, I'm in a roster. I'm in, like, a 14 team league. He I watched, basically half of both of those first two Suns games. And, like, watching the Suns, it's so clear how crucial he is to what they do. Like, the hustle you mentioned the hustle. He is flying in for offensive rebounds like he's Dennis Rodman. He is just a pure hustle guy. We'll hit some threes once in a while. Like, he is so locked in for them. I just can't imagine anybody taking his minutes. He's the star compliment. Someone has to play d someone has to take that defensive lead hustle role when you've got a Durant and Booker and Beal in there. He's the perfect guy for that. He's not gonna complain about a lack of shots. So his minutes are gonna be huge. You know, when they're all healthy, how many shots he gets? But how many times will all 3 of those guys be healthy? Not so sure. Yeah. Through the first two games, I could tell you he is definitely not losing minutes to Eric Gordon or Grayson Allen once this team's healthy. Gordon looks chubby or chubbier, I should. I think he is always. You know, he's he's a little And I have no room to talk. But Grace. You know, just saying. Grayson Allen is just, you know, finally hitting that stage of his evolution where he just is becoming Ted Cruz. Right. He's the towel waver there at the corner. Could leave for Acapulco at any moment. Alright. Let's, let's wrap up this waiver wire section, with a Vivid Seats. Vivid Seats is sponsoring this podcast, so I'm gonna do their read. The NBA season is here. Be more literal. Hey. You know, the people love transparency. Alright? The NBA season is here. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visitvividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code rotawire for 20 $20 off your first $200 purchase. That is promo code r0towire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com.vividseats.experienceitlive. That's code. R 0, TOWIRE. We are jumping into our Friday DFS picks. This will be a little less chaotic than at other points during the season when a bunch of people are heard and questionable and it's a disaster. It's a little more straightforward this time around. We have an 11 game slate today, the highest over under Warriors at Kings set at 238. I did say, you know, Nick and I do the the NBA XM show over the past 2 seasons over unders in October that are over 230, go under 65% of the time. Just a heads up if you are a gambling man, but we are talking, DFS. Shannon, are there any values or stayaways that stick out to you immediately on this slate? Well, before I dive into my DFS values, I do wanna mention we are running a DFS tiers contest on splash sports. Splash sports is a new spots for. I'm gonna try to run these contests every single year. If you are interested, we will post a link out to sign up for splash sports and enter the contest. I on the show notes and descriptions both for audio and video. And, also, go to our NBA lineups page today, and you will see a link to to sports slash sports on there as well. It's, pretty hard to miss, but they have they have pretty cool, DFS tiers where you basically our concept set up where you just $5 standard, you select 5 players, 1 from each tier. I'll give you a freebie. Tier 1 Jokic is in there and there's no one else even close. You'll have to go with Jokic for tier 1. Please check it out. Play against me and and The teal whale, I believe is their logo. Right? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. But for our DFS weekly segment, we will be highlighting salary cap picks primarily. We'll see if this segment evolves during the season. For now, I'm gonna jump around between DraftKings and FanDuel a little bit, mention a few picks I like on each site. Like Alex said, it's not there's not like 1 or 2 obvious games to really target with tonight's slate. But there is one obvious value pick both on FanDuel and DraftKings that I consider a must start, and that is Deron Sharp. Yes. The Brooklyn Nets are without Nick Claxton. Sharp is $5,000 on FanDuel, and he is at 5th or sorry, 33100, almost a mid price player on DraftKings. That's that's a free square right there. You have to plug them in. So I I mean, that to me, Alex, is the most obvious value for tonight's slate. Very obvious value. Going up, going up against a an experienced and old and they're playing Dallas. Like, you're going up against Derek Lively, who's a rookie. You're going up against Maxey Kleber and Dwight Powell who are aging. This is a really good opportunity for Sharp. Sharp is one of the best offensive rebounders in the NBA. Now is he good at anything else? Not really. But does it matter for 33100 on DraftKings? Or I can't remember what you said on FanDuel, but, you know, 5,000. He will get tippins. He will. Yeah. That's an excellent that's the clear value play. That's the free square. I'll ask you, Shannon, because the Detroit Pistons, to start the season, kindly announced that Bojan Bogdanovic and, Monty Morris would basically be out a month, with no warning whatsoever, but they played a really strong game against the Miami Heat in the opener. Can you tell us what you saw in that game? Because they're playing the much worse Charlotte Hornets today, which has an over under of 227. I mean, it it was it was the Cade Cunningham and Jalen Duran show. Those were the 2 most impressive players on the court. Bam also looked really good, on the Heat side. But Kade was in total control. The the Pistons in general dealt with, tons of turnovers especially in the first half. I believe it's 15 turnovers in the first half. Lot of just, you know, wires cross bad passes that went right out of bounds. They should clean that up, as the season progresses. But Cade with this 30 30 points, 9 9 assists, and and hitting threes, super efficient. Jalen Duran, 4 blocks. And that that kinda feeds into one of the other things I'm seeing on DFS, for tonight's slate is you've got guys like on FanDuel, both Cade and Duran are quite a bit more expensive than they were for the season opener. Durin's at 79100. Cade's at 88 on on FanDuel. Those prices, even with the cushy matchup, I am hesitant to pull the trigger on either. I do think they're both within range where they can be considered options. But I like I like Duran for instance far more on DraftKings. On DraftKings, Duran's only 56100. And in general, that highlights what I've seen comparing this slate to Wednesday's slate. DraftKings didn't react too much. Their pricing kind of remained the same. They didn't react from the one game, whereas FanDuel's pricing is all over the map from the one game. So for FanDuel Thomas might be cheaper than, Yeah. No. Yeah. On on DraftKings, I I think he is. He's definitely cheaper on DraftKings than he is FanDuel. I would have to look into that, but there's it's very reactionary pricing on FanDuel. So it's actually made me take kind of 2 different approaches between the two sites. I like Sharp on both as mentioned, but on FanDuel, I like the guys who put up duds in the first game. I like those disappointing I want the bounce back candidates. So you got guys like Jaylen Brown at 69100, Evan Mobley, 76. Not a huge discount, but I think he's gonna bounce back and have a better game tonight. Jalen Williams is at 58100. Dejounte Murray's at 74. There's a lot of guys, you know, even Markelle Fultz. He's a guy I wanna highlight on both sides. 58 on FanDuel, 55 on draft teams. Fultz was heavily owned, in in game 1 of the season. I think he was close to 50%, in the primary GPP on FanDuel. He had 26 fantasy points in 24 minutes. Complete blowout. Yeah. You know, if he's playing 32 minutes, still hits that fantasy point per minute mark, which he was he was basically there at the end of last season as well once he got the rest off and was back to full strength. I mean, Fultz under 6,000 on both sides. Fantastic play. I wanna get back to your point on Jaylen Brown. Not only a dud in the game opener, but a complete dud in that series against the Heat where they were eliminated in the playoffs in the eastern finals. They play the heat tonight. On the one hand, he should be extremely motivated after his giant contract and all the public criticism to have a big game against the heat. On the other hand, Spoelstra always throws that zone at Boston, and they always act like they're surprised, and they never handle it well. It drives me crazy as a Celtics fan. I'm kind of avoiding Celtics tonight because Spoelstra just always seems to have our numbers. I was just about to ask you about Boston, Ken. Like, when I what I you know, I was catching that game, and it was just a lot of Jayson Tatum. Looked like a man among boys at times in that game. And Porzingis, obviously. Yeah. But it was it was just like the problems of last year. Awesome Q1, pretty strong in the 4th, but the middle quarters, they just fell in love with themselves, got lackadaisical, fell in love with lazy jump shots, and let go of the rope on defense. And I'm hoping Holiday turns that around. Porzingis was actually fantastic on defense. It was amazing. I was used to having such a rim protector for the for the Celtics. It was gorgeous to see 4 blocks, but he also wildly altered at least 4 other shots. It was wonderful. I'm still excited. It's early. Very excited by that. They actually just ground out the win in a game that last year they would have let slip away, which they did in the season opener last year to the Knicks as soon as the pressure got turned on. I'll mention 2 things quick. We we, mentioned Cam Thomas. He is 67100 on FanDuel, so immediate spike for him. Yeah. And it's possible he doesn't even see 25 minutes, depending on game script. And then, you know, Chan was talking about Cade and Duran. I mean, one thing I think that's just under rated for DFS is getting really relatively low priced players who could be or basically our number one options on their team. Like, Cade is under 9,000 on FanDuel and is clearly hit the Pistons number one option, and then you can pair him with his favorite, basically passing option. So you take a team's number one option, pair him with his favorite passing guy. I so I think Kade and Duremberg is gonna be like a really nice stack all season. In terms of guys I'm looking at, obviously, who we mentioned already, I think that's good. We have this OKC versus Cleveland game, which I'm very interested in. Darius Garland questionable again. So just keep an eye on that. But this Mobley versus Holmgren matchup, I would be worried about playing Holmgren. I Mobley is such a good defender. And in terms of, like, length, maneuverability, he is completely on par with Chet. I would completely avoid Chet, and I would personally lean Mobley. I think this could be, like, a really big game for him. Yeah. To fully Chet, getting the pick and roll, everything like that. So I'm I'm keeping an eye on that matchup. Well, after seeing what Andre Drummond did to chat, I mean, it's pretty obvious. Chet is washed. You're right. Yes. We should all just avoid them. No. Chet Chet's actually very affordable for DFS tonight, but, likewise, I'm not a big fan of the matchup. 25 minutes in the 1st game of the season. They're gonna bring him along slowly. They're not gonna give they're not gonna run him out there for 35 minutes. You guys are you guys both haven't mentioned the big over under of the of the night, which is, 238 Warriors Kings. Not a lot of starting lineup changes, I guess, though. So, nobody stands out. There there are a couple. I mean, honestly, on DraftKings, Chris Paul is one of my favorite plays. He's 66100. You know, he he he kinda got off to a slow start that that debut with the Warriors first half of the season or first half of that game when I'm watching, my thought was, wow, he looks kind of like Kyle Lowry, during the playoffs last season. This isn't great. But then he picked it up and had a he had a great second half. He's 66100 on DraftKings, you know, with Draymond Green. Basically, as long as Draymond Green's out, I think Chris Paul is gonna put up pretty stellar lines. So he's he's good bat for 35 to 40 fantasy points. Did you see, Kyle Lowry's usage rate, by the way, yesterday? 1.9 in 31 minutes? What? A body doesn't age well. That bump is not age well. I I but, yeah, that can it's a good point to bring up the highest over under. Right? We mentioned at the top of the at the top of the segment. Again, something Nick brought up on the XM show, Chris Paul, he's a slow down the game guy, though. Yes. You know, Draymond, when he's in Draymond's out for this game. Draymond, when he's in, he's he grab he grabs the boards and he just goes off of, rebound. He loves that. But watching that first game, Chris Paul, he was slowing the offense down the whole time. We'll walk it up. He's gonna control the ball. He's gonna stand at the very top of the 3 point line. Everybody on Golden State's gonna do some movement. They weren't I didn't like their offense. It didn't get along with the 65 years old, Alex. That's what you do. That's how Shannon and I run the, you know, the rotor wire pickup offense. I I played basketball this morning with the old men. There are numerous 60 year olds on the court, and I felt like an Olympic level athlete. Alright, fellas. Is that it for our, DFS advice? Alex, tell us about our good friends at Rival Fantasy. I would love to. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans the storylines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now, every player matchup and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rotawire and get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now before the 2023, 24 season tips off. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. See you in the arena. That's joinrival.com/rotowire to get a $200 deposit match. Well, friends of the Friday podcast, it's time for Ken's 2023, 24 debut old man rant. I'm a bit chubby. That said, why are all the new NBA superstars so darn skinny? Victor, Wim Biyana and Chet Homer and crane some weight. Holmgren, that creepy Amish beer doesn't count as real body mass. I miss the thick Washington Bullets of my youth. The beef brothers, Jeff Rowland and Rick Mahorn, Mel Dinner Bell Turpin, rest in peace, John Hot Plate Williams, and of course, 7 foot 7, £302, George Mirasan, Sixer Daryl chocolate thunder Dawkins could bust Wembley or Chet with 1 thunder dunk. Andre Drummond almost broke Chet on opening night with a crossover dribble. Get chunky, fellas. I've said it a 1,000 times. Ken loves a thick boy. Yeah. I I thought I thought Holmgren was out for the year when I saw him. I thought I don't even chair. I don't even under I've I think I've watched that clip 15 to 20 times. I can't figure out why he collapsed. Did the air conditioning turn on? You know, like, what what what what gentle breeze knocked Holmgren over into that, like, compressed somersault. Andre Drummond, you can measure his 40 with a calendar, and yet he drove right. He shook. He broke ankles of Holmgren and his balsa wood legs. I'm glad he's still alive after that. Man, mispronounced names. Ken, I think we're gonna have a hard time with Wenbin Yamah all year. I should really just should have said wimby. Really? Oh, you gotta say wimby. Yeah. Other than that, I think we're, I think I think we're in the clear. Right? I mean, we had a lot of, you know, Bruce, live Jaylen Johnson. Joe, Thomas, White, Johnson, Tillman. Yeah. Lane is safe. Right. Exactly. That will conclude it for us. Thank you everybody for joining us on the Rodawire Fantasy Basketball podcast presented by underdog, Vivid Seats, and Rival Fantasy. Ken, take us out of here. Let's go to Dallas where Lucas said this about rookie Derek Lively, one of Shannon's suggestions, lively, who had 16 points, 10 rebounds in his NBA debut versus a certain tall player from France. Anyway, Luca said this about lively quote, he played effin amazing end quote. I clean that up. Attention, passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.