Welcome everybody to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by rotor wire. Rotawire.com/try. Just type that into your your URL. Amazing things will happen. We can't even tell you about them. It's Friday, March 8, 2024. Alex Beruth here with Shannon McEwen and Ken K train crates. All aboard. Let's jump right in. We have a potential finals preview. Last night, Denver gets the home win over Boston, 115 to 109. Jokic with his 30th triple double of the season at 3212 on 11 was bullying Kristaps Porzingis a little bit too. He was. Aaron Gordon was was bullying the rims, dunking all night off Jokic and other players hanging out in the dunker spot, taking advantage of what seemed like maybe a little bit of a soft spot in Celtics defense. Jaylen Brown at 41 points, 14 rebounds, but only made half of his 14 free throws. Ken, I will let you take it from here since this is your Celtics. Well, it was 2 great teams. I'll say that, and I think it would be a fantastic, probably 7 game final if they do both make it to the finals. And it did expose Boston weaknesses, which to me are 2 things. When games get tight at the end of the game, our Boston's execution is poor. They haven't had a lot of tight 4th quarters. Joe Mazzula's time out usage is still weird and hard to predict. And then a little overlapping with that is Jaylen Brown as as highlighted in what should have been a great game from he's having a really bad free throw season. 71 for the season. It's only shooting 67% in the Q4. Almost makes between his bad handles and bad free throw, you almost wonder if you should be, really going after steals like the heat did to Brown last year in the Eastern Conference finals, because he's not gonna punish you with the line. I will say this, total side note, I think Denver has a really great young bench gem and 21 year old Peyton Watson. That guy's got some amazing length, had some sweet blocks last night. Per 20 per 36 minutes, he averages 3.1 stocks a game. He's probably a better player in real basketball than fantasy. But if you're in deep keeper leagues, I like Peyton Watson. Great NBA basketball last night. So so Boston's weaknesses are Jaylen Brown's free throw shooting and Dean Wade. Alright. We've got that a second. Yeah. That Cleveland lost ugly. Missoula I'd say Missoula got lazy and stopped coaching the bench the bench guys and let the Cavs get back into that. Dean Wade was on fire. No. A weird oddity with Jaylen Brown back to back games where he got rim stuffed on a dunk attempt. That actually happens more times than you'd think, and it's a little frustrating. Layups aren't terrible. Layups are not terrible. Mister dunk contest who didn't win, humiliated by a g leaguer. Alright. Some bad news out of Minnesota. Karl Anthony Towns is out indefinitely with a torn left meniscus. Good. Surgery is already scheduled. He'll be reevaluated in a month. Could return early part of the playoffs, maybe. We shall see. Technically, a month from now, he's still the like, 2 games left to the regular season. Kyle Slo Mo Anderson with the start last night at 27 minutes. Nazry came off the bench for 26 minutes of run and newly signed TJ Warren. Answering a trivia question, whatever happened to 30 year old TJ Warren? He played 16 minutes in his team and season debut for the Timberwolves last night. Anne Edwards of 44 points had a sweet game saving block. Go see that online if you haven't seen it yet. Anyway, the t wolves beat Indiana in Indy. Gentlemen, though, thoughts on this Karl Anthony Towns injury? Well, I mean, it's first of all, it sucks, for Minnesota. I mean, you know, we talked about it. Nick and I talked about this earlier in the year. It's actually had not been, had not been, a bad year for injuries. A lot of guys stayed healthy this year. Whether you think it's a 65 game rule or not, whatever. But now injuries are piling up like crazy, and it's getting pretty ugly out there, in some of these games. You know, I mean, I has to hope to be able to hang on to the one seed. I just think without Karl Anthony Towns, if we're talking long term, if we're talking playoffs, not fantasy, I just don't think they can get that far. I don't think they can get to the Western Conference finals without Karl Anthony Towns. Yeah. That'll be tough. The good news is he he is, you know, based on the current schedule, hopefully, will be available for the playoffs, or at some point early in the playoffs, which they will need him. Yeah. My my Vegas league team had Karl Anthony Towns, Scottie Barnes, and Evan Mobley. Oh my god. Not a great week for that spot. Alright. Moving on to Golden State. Late Thursday night, Steph Curry exits exits the game. He exited the game with an ankle injury. He left with 351 left in the Q4. Golden State lost at home Chicago, 125 to 122. Curry's only missed 3 games so far this season, but teammates kind of implied afterwards that he might miss a few games. It's definitely a boost for Chris Paul. I'm I'm assuming that's where I would be looking. CP 3 is 85% roster on Yahoo. Since Paul has returned from his own injury. He's averaged 9.3.6.3 assist and 2.2 steals over 6 games while coming off the bench. Are we gonna see Chris Paul in the starting lineup for the Warriors guys? I think I think we could. Right? I Pods isn't really a true point guard. They need someone to set up the offense with Oh, yeah. Right? Corey Joseph. Throw him in the starting lineup. I would argue Pods is more of a legend. I'm gonna argue pods is more of a point guard than Steph Curry. But okay. I mean, yeah, I think so I'm gonna dodge the answer to your question a little bit just by saying, I think it doesn't matter whether Chris Paul starts or comes off the bench because I think he's just going to see, you know, 5 to 8 more minutes per game, right? And regardless of who it comes with, he gets, he's going to give a boost. But then, of course, you know, pajamaski should get more minutes and maybe Moses, Moody and Gary Payton and and Corey Joseph, but I think pajamaski is really the and Chris Paul are kind of the key ads here. Yeah. But AirPods has already been seen the high 30 minutes. He's he's averaging basically 38 minutes per game over the past 5. So Chris Paul would would likely step into the starting lineup, I'm assuming, and he's gonna be worth a a stream, if he happens to be available in any of your leagues. 85% rosters are already pretty heavily, heavily rostered in Yahoo leagues. Well, let's, let's get to some good injury news. Jalen Brunson and OG Anuby are close to returning for the New York Knicks. Jalen Brunson is questionable for tonight, Friday's game against the Magic. Anganobe is now according to, Frank Katz, day to day after he is now back to doing contact in drills, and has been playing 5 on 5. Julius Randle, who knows? It's like it we we the all the updates we get about Randle are just really, vague, not great. He has apparently progressed to light contact. Like, that's good, but the regular season ends in a month. The 3 of us have light contact scheduled today, I mean. Right. Right. You know, they're I've fantasy wise, can you know, if you're rostering if you've been enjoying the run, obviously, Miles McBride, that's that's gonna be mostly over when he comes back. But what do you what do you sort of anticipate here with assuming both of these guys come back very soon? Brunson, light it up. I'm sure. I mean, he's only missed a couple of games. The fear with Randall and, frankly, Anunoby is, yeah, they're back, but they're at, like, 80%. You know, a lot of Anuby's fantasy gold comes from hot percentages. An elbow injury, who's to say he's gonna be shooting well, when he comes back from this? We'll see. I mean, you know, he's probably the other stats probably will be there. But, certainly, the Knicks, you we know Tibbs, though. They'll get 78 minutes a night when they do return. I don't care if blood's oozing out of every pore. Tibs don't care. No. He doesn't. Let's see. Hey. If, fans in the chat, please ask us questions. Yes. We'd love to answer them. We do have a a query from Christian Rogers. Thank you, Christian. Leap look at you're leaping ahead here to fan feedback. I love you. Let's do it. Let's do it. We didn't have any other news. Yeah. It's alright. We we don't have any sponsors. I'm used to being I'm used to being the bad host for this and queuing you guys up to look smart with questions. Now I'm worried you're gonna queue me up with a question. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just taking over. It's gonna turn into a one man pod before it's over. Thoughts on Keegan Murray, Shannon. Should, should he trade Murray away before the playoffs start, or is he worth holding on to? He's in a 14 team category league. Yeah. I I I feel like this question's only coming through because of the game that the back to back games Keegan Murray's come off of, yeah, just the the past the past this past week. Over the past 2 games, 31 minutes in each, but he's only averaging 5 points, 3 rebounds, shooting 33% from the floor. But if you go back and look at the 5, 16, the 6, 8 before that, 175, 2.5 stocks, 2.73 pointers made. Keegan Murray, as Ken alluded to with his hand gestures, is a roller coaster. His production's always gonna be up and down like that. I'm holding Keegan Murray, especially in a 14 team league. He for me, he's a hold. I would probably need, like, a top 60 ish player in return. If you can get that via trade, then it's worth exploring. But right now, I mean, Keegan Murray's been pretty solid, and I'm not gonna, you know, I I'm not gonna overreact from 1 or 2, you know, down games. He'll bounce back in the next week or so. Well said, Shannon. And I'm gonna jump in with the next question because I know host Alex has an opinion on this from Ryan. Ryan wants to know, is Malachi Branham worth an ad after getting a recent uptick in minutes. It's like he read my mind. We had this chat just before the pot. So I don't hate the idea of of adding Branham because he is getting more minutes lately. I will note past 3 games. He is shooting 55% for the field and 61% from 3, which is not going to continue. And when Banyama could miss some more games here. So if you have like Sunday waivers, you know, keep an eye on that. My personal opinion is that Malachi Brangham is not good. I really do not think he is good. I have watched, a decent amount of Spurs basketball over the past 2 years when I'm feeling depressed. Like, I wanna wallow in that, and he's just out there just he's just kinda playing pickup basketball sometimes, and his efficiency is not that good. He's like an okay passer, but it comes up and down. The rebounding isn't good. He's giving you nothing. And I mean nothing on the defensive end. And look, I try it with a lot of young guys. He's 20. I look at the I look at the advanced stats. I go on cleaning the glass, great sight. Almost every single box in terms of, like, his advanced numbers are blue as in, like, bad. As in your Just like your frequent bouts of depression. I do like how your depression does help, fantasy fans of Rodowire. Long story short, you can add them while he's hot because it's a Spurs and they might give him 30 minutes. My but do not be surprised if he, like, delivers, like, 15 total points in 4 games for you or something horrible. Alright. Moving on. Next because I wanna let's stick to a few of these. James wants to know in Charlotte, Trey Mann or Majic? Well, we'll we'll talk about Mitra later, but I will say definitely at at Trey Mann should be rostered. And if Trey Mann or Mitrich is available, I would prefer Mann because the assist upside is similar, but Mann has more scoring upside. But I do you have a do you have a different opinion, Shannon? Yeah. I I think we're going Michich, here. Yeah. It it is a it is close. But getting a tick more minutes. Right? Yes. He has been. Mann is dealing with a a what seems to be a minor groin right groin strain. He's questionable for Friday night's game. And that but that injury and Charlotte's injury reporting is why I'm siding with Mitra here. This this groin injury, who knows with Charlotte? You know, they wish the player questionable for for multiple months. So we'll see. If man's ruled out, missed a couple games, obviously, like, Michellch is is the where I would lean. So it it is pretty close. I think all things, even if if they're both healthy, man gets a slight edge. But with this injury, I I'm gonna I'm gonna side with Mitchel here. Alright. I'm gonna ask the next question because I know this is another hot topic between Alex and I. Jay Sizzle wants to know Trey Murphy or Andrew Wiggins? Why don't you start, Ken? Well, you know, I'm pro Murphy. I've been lobbying he's finally healthy is the thing. I think his really slow start this season is due to the well, obviously, he missed a ton of games, and then he had a slow start with a knee injury. I think he's finally healthy and playing well, and they really need some scoring off the bench for the Pelicans. But, Alex, you like to point out that his hot shooting is not sustainable. His hot shooting is not sustainable, but I agree with you. You just pick just grab Dre Murphy because Murphy even These 2 these 2, at least his personal life seems to be in order. It's Murphy Murphy, if if you could just take a season long numbers, he's basically going to put up similar to Wiggins. And Murphy hasn't even been shooting that well all season. And if this hot shooting if this hot shooting, you know, takes him up a level and then he levels out to, like, where he was last year, that'd be great. So, you know, don't expect him to keep shooting 57% from the field and 53% from 3 on 11 attempts like he has the past 4 games. But I think he can I think he could stabilize a little bit and should be roster over Wiggins? I'm in agreeance here. Give me Troy Murphy the third. Alright. We're gonna end with a last question from Nomad, and this might bleed a little into our, waiver wire section. But Nomad wants to know any Memphis players we can trust rest of season. Vince Williams, please. But, rest of you guys who else you got? That's about it. That's about it. I mean, Jared Jackson junior has ruined Where's the many of fans of teams. No. Never. Never coming. Char. Sorry. Yeah. Obviously, Jared triple j, Jared Jackson junior, when he plays, when he's actually on the court, he is he is a very trustful source of production. He's been playing well when active, recently, but he's also missed some games. And if he has even a hangnail, Memphis will sit him down. And that's that's my worry. Whereas Vince Williams is gonna be out there playing, even if he has little minor bumps and bruises. I was gonna say quickly, James James says, what about Aldama? Yeah. Kinda. Aldama. He's just really inconsistent. He would he would be number 2 for me. That's for sure. Yeah. Vince Williams and then Aldama and everybody else is just scattered. Is Zire Williams hurt? Is he out for a while? I thought when I was missing a couple of you know? Just flip a coin. I'd I'd you know what? Probably. Alright. Alex, take us to the money segment. Oh, waiver wire. So here's how the game count, goes next week. Minnesota and the Lakers have only 2 games. We have 12 teams of 4 games. The rest have 3 games. So as always, before you drop guys, before you add them streaming, etcetera, check, the amount of games for next week via the schedule, and I will actually link our schedule in the comments right now so you can check that out. My first suggestion, Naz Reed of the Megasoga Timberwolves. He has 65% rostered. So in a lot of leagues, you know, he's gonna be off the table. But in 10 teamers, he could be out there, especially in weekly waiver leagues. 26 minutes off the bench last night. Don't wanna bury the league. Karl Anthony Towns is most likely out for the rest of the regular season, especially the rest of the fantasy season. 26 minutes last night for Nas Reed, 13 points only, but he took 15 shots, which he has bad efficiency, but it's a good sign on the on the volume standpoint. 8 rebounds, 2 assists, a steal on the block. When he sees at least 26 minutes this season, 17 points, 7 rebounds, assisting a half in 1.8 stocks. On the whole season, regardless of who's in, who's out, 1 fantasy point per minute. So in points leagues, you know, all he needs is about 25, 26 minutes a game to be worth a roster spot. They only Minnesota only has 2 games next week. So Reed, this is a long term play. If you if you're streaming, this is not a streamer. This is like you add Naz Reed for the rest of the year kind of a play. Amen. Hard to argue. I similarly, have a highly rostered, but need to mention this name player in Kelly, the clinic Olynyk, the former Celtic, former heat, former rocket, former jazz, current Toronto Raptor is 66% roster. It's only available on a 3rd of leagues. But as Alex said, hey. In weekly waiver wire leagues could be out there, and he's only only rostered in 20% of ESPN leagues. He's now starting for the Raptors with Scottie Barnes out for the season. Look. You're gonna love the clinic one night. He's gonna break your heart the next. He was overmatched last night by Kevin Durant. Most people are, in that Suns game last night. But, hey, Toronto loves him. They just extended him 2 more seasons, and he's Canadian. The Raptors are just collecting Canadians. They love Canadians. Per 36 this season, Olinik with almost 15 points, 8 and a half boards over 7 dimes, 2 and, 2 point 1 stocks, over 1 3 pointer with strong percentages. When he's when he's playing well, he gets you a little bit of everything, plus, obviously, that sweet hairstyle. Kelly, the clinic, Olenek, is my first waiver wire check for the week. As James Chan mentioned and commented here, the lunch lady is back. I love it. My first waiver wire suggestion of the week is Royce O'Neil, swing man for the Phoenix Suns, 35% rostered. O'Neil has averaged 11.8 points, 6.5 rebounds, 4.5 assists, 2.83 pointers, and 1.5 steals plus blocks in 33 minutes per game over the past 4 contests. Devin Booker is expected to be out until at least March 14th with an ankle injury. And O'Neil's been a top 60 player over the past week. We've already seen him fill in as a spot starter for Grayson Allen, for Bradley Beal. Now it's Booker. He's probably a a I just feel like the Suns are gonna always have one guy who who's nursing some kind of minor injury, and O'Neil will be getting heavy run. Even if he moves to a bench role again, he will be seeing as much run off the bench as any other player in the Suns rotation. He he's never gonna pop off for, you know, 30 points in a night, but he gives you nice well rounded production. And I think he's worth a look in many 12 team leagues at least until Booker returns. Their bench stinks. They have no depth. We mentioned O'Neil prior shows because of those reasons. I agree with everything Shannon said. What did I interrupted you there, Alex. Sorry. No. O'Neil is playing sort of a weird hybrid point guard role for them right now with Booker out. He's he's he's at the top of the key lot facilitating offense, and you can see that in his assist numbers. He's got, was it 16 assists in the past 3 games? So I think the passing is real. Know, if you're someone who's like, is this Royce O'Neil passing thing real? It's like, yeah, he's he's out there passing the ball for them. But, yeah, everything everything Shannon said is great. My next, waiver wire suggestion, Caris LeVert of the Cleveland Cavaliers been to this well before. You've been to this well before. I have. 45%. Right? It's better than the the initial, Matisse Stiebuhl. Well, I thought about going back and forth. Donovan Mitchell is out through the weekend. No real reason to rush him back after he got a platelet rich plasma injection, into his knee. Evan Mobley might also be out for the rest of the regular season. That's a longer term injury. And to be honest, like yeah. If you're in some deeper leagues, look, Dean Wade, George Niang, Isaac Okoro, like, if you need to stream them in, you gotta do what you gotta do. But, in the vast majority of leagues, it's the Caris Levert, show here. Levert's past 5 games, 13.2 points, 8.2 assists, 6.2 rebounds, and 1.6 stocks. He has improved defensively this season. That's an important note. Something the cavaliers coaching staff has mentioned. And that all those stats were in 32 minutes, he's averaging over a fantasy point per minute in the stretch. The assists are obviously huge. So, yes, Donovan Mitchell might come back early next week. He also might not. And if he doesn't, it's it's great. And if he does, it's like Lavertz gonna be fine. Like, you're not gonna get killed if you throw Lavertz and you're starting lineup and Mitchell comes back. Yeah. The Cavs would be crazy to rush Mitchell at this point there. Right. They need a healthy Donovan Mitchell playoff run. There's no chance them dropping to the, dropping out of the top 4. They'd be nuts to rush Mitchell back. Yes, sir. With Max Truce also out, I mean, Lavertz is essentially the number 2 scoring option for Cleveland right now. Well said. Well said. Well, speaking of Max Truce, how about a little Duncan Robinson? Robinson has slipped down to 50% rostered. Frequent free agent pickup mentioned on this show and others. He started 8 of the last, Heat games for Miami. In those 9 games, almost 16 points, 4 and a half assists, 3.7 triples, shooting over 50% from the field and 90% from the charity stripe. Look, you pick up Robinson to get threes, points, and percentages when he's on a heater. He's on a heater now. Miami though with only 3 games next week. But if you need threes, if you need points, Robinson is a nice pickup right now. Yes. He is. Absolutely. Shannon. So my next waiver wire suggestion is Kyle Slow Mo Anderson. Shang Fang Yang asks, would you consider Kyle Anderson a must add in category category leagues? Not a must add. Not not a must add, especially if you watch Slowly move. Slowly move to your waiver wire. He he hasn't been playing as well. Last year, he was he was pretty solid for for the Timberwolves last year. 9a half, 5 and 5. Gave you 2 stocks per game. You know, he he he doesn't hit 3 pointers, but the percent you know, at least the field goal percentage was solid last year. I'm not a big fan of Kyle Anderson this year, but as long as he's starting, I think he's worth a stream. Like Alex mentioned with Naz Reed, only 2 games next week, so not an immediate pickup. But if he's still available, in your leagues for for the week 18th, March 18th week, he he's a better option then. Yeah. I mean, 30 34% rostered. He that has moved up about 10% in the last 24 hours. Slow mo can still provide about top 120 value if you see him close to 30 minutes per game. And he's he is a sneaky source of assist. That's where, you know, if you're really looking for someone, you know, we've got Duncan Robinson. We've got Royce O'Neil. Now we got Kyle Anderson, all decent sneaky sources of assist. Anderson was built in a lab to average 10, 5, and 5 as a starter. You could you could draw some Kyle Anderson, Kelly Olynyk similarities. Oh my god. Imagine those Bad hair. Slow. Too bad he's not Canadian. Get him up. Maybe he is Canadian. At least the lunch lady can hit threes. That's true. That's true. Yeah. Alright. Let's, well, we talked about this guy earlier, but I will, I will You're a long shot. On that. A long shot. My long shot of the week, Vasili Mitic of the Charlotte Hornets, who is 15% roster at Yahoo Leagues. I know there's some dead leagues out there, but I was shocked to see this is only 15% roster for me. Cody Martin and Seth Curry are out for at least the next 2 weeks. And in Charlotte Hornet terms, that means their careers are over. They're dead. They're actually physically dead. Over the past 3 games for Micic, basically, since these, Cody Martin and Seth Curry were ruled out, Micic, 15.3 points, 5.7 assists, couple of rebounds, and 2 steals, in 31 minutes. Since the all star break, 9 points and 6 assists, basically average. Just pick them up for the assist. I mean, don't even you don't even have to think about any other stats. I mean, if you're in a if you're in a 12 team, 14 team league, even a 10 team league, and there's some guy out there getting you, 5, 6 assists per game on the waiver wire, just add him. Especially, the the hornets have 4 games next week, so he's an amazing stream. He can get you 20, 24 assists easily. Agreed. Agreed. And, like I said, man's groin injury. Well, I know Shannon you were saying earlier. Could be an issue. Yep. True. Who is your long shot, Ken? I'm going to that mess in Memphis and taking Jake La Rabia. Look. He could take any grizzly. Who knows who the heck's playing for grizzlies for the rest of the season? But on Wednesday, 32 minutes off the bench in the win at Philadelphia. 17 points, 13 points, 3 blocks. Really had a lot of nice, hustle put backs around the rim. And as Shannon's mentioned, when will Jaren Jackson junior just sit for the rest of the season? If I'm the Grizzlies, I sure don't want Jackson getting hurt. Last four games for LaRavia, 15 points, almost 7 boards, over 1 and a half stocks, and 1.3 triples. It is LaRavia. I searched his highlights online online last night. I really wanted to say LaRavia. Anyway, he can create his own shot. He can score off the dribble. He can hit threes. And for a guy who's 67, he gets a surprising amount of blocks. I could see him getting a lot of run for the Grizzlies. He, this year. Next year, no. He was the 19th overall pick couple years ago. I mean, they invested a decent amount in him. Grizzlies have had, let's say, mixed success over the past couple years with some of their draft picks. I think they would like to see what they have in him for sure. Shannon, who's your last waiver wire suggestion? I'm calling a little bit of an audible here. I'm gonna do a 2 for 1 for my, my long shot. Both the players are on the Toronto Raptors. We've got Grady Dick, lottery pick for the Toronto Raptors, and Ochai Obagi, who has been starting for the Raptors since Scottie Barnes went down. We'll talk about Obagi first. Three consecutive starts, since Barnes suffered his his broken hand. In the 1st spot start, 13 points, 9 boards, 2 blocks while taking a whopping 20 field goal attempts from the floor. The past two starts have been pretty rough, but he left one of those with a minor knee injury. The knee looks good now. He returned to action last night, against the Suns. Not a great game though. His offense rating was was a pathetic 50.1. Obagi, I I I don't hate Obagi skill set as much as some other fancy pundits do. I I think there's a reason why Toronto targeted him in a trade. I think they they view him as kind of that that Anunoby type template that they've they've brought up in the past. Abhaji, I think he could he could hit some threes. He could put up some defensive stats. He has the skill set to do so. Hasn't really been there yet. There's gonna be some rough outings. But if you if you're in a deep enough league, you know, for as long as he's starting essentially and playing heavy minutes, I think he could be worth, a he's a stream option to consider at the very least. Grady Dick is another guy I actually like. He he can knock down 3 pointers. You know, they have, Toronto actually has quite a bit invested in them. They selected 13 overall in the most recent draft. He had a he had a solid game last night off the bench, 31 minutes, 12 points. Yeah. Mainly mainly a 3 point guy. He was 4 for 10 from downtown last night. So if you need threes, Grady Dick is an option to look at. He is 10% roster on Yahoo while Abaci is 5% rostered. So both widely owned. I Uh-huh. Widely available. I'll make 2 quick notes on on both those guys you just mentioned. Abaji 5% usage increase since coming to Toronto. That's very nice. It's true shooting or is effective field goal percentage is down about 10%. But if that goes back up, like, Shannon alluded to, good times are ahead. He's also a better shot blocker for his position than a lot of other guys. Ken mentioned LaRavia can create his own shot. I was looking around. LaRavia played 326 minutes last year. Every single point he scored was assisted. But this year, only about half of his, scoring has been assisted. So he is creating a lot more for himself. Well, when you don't when you don't have any point guards, you gotta create your own shot. Yes. So he's out there. He's out there doing stuff. That is for sure. Okay. Should we move on to Yes. It is time for the DFS segment starring Alex and Shannon, where I will be quiet and let you 2 make some fabulous daily fantasy suggestions for Friday, March 8th. You're a Legos Cook. Alright. So some notable, 8 game slate, first of all. Some notable over unders. Minnesota, Cleveland's at 207. Orlando, New York's at 206. These are bad, obviously. And then it looks like our highest over under is Minnesota Lakers excuse me, Milwaukee versus Lakers, 232a half. LeBron has his questionable tag, which he may as well just get, like, tattooed on his body at this point. He's, like, a 90% chance he's gonna play. Don't do not get me started on injury reports. Shannon We have him gray on the lineups page. That because we have to. We have to, and we will not get into that. Shannon, on this slate, where is the first place that you turn? I'm actually gonna go look at the Atlanta Hawks and really target some of these players that they have who should see increased roles. We got Jalen Johnson has been ruled out. Looks like, you know, he's he's gonna miss some time. He's ruled out with Friday's game with an ankle injury. He's considered day to day, which at least that's positive, but you have to assume, you know, it's possible he's gonna miss multiple games. That that leaves the door open for Saddiq Bay, to, you know, really have an increased role, which he's done already, in the past few games. He he played he's played 35, 36, and 40 minutes over the past 3, averaging 21 points, 6.7, rebounds, and 2, 3 pointers per game over that stretch. So I like Sadique Bey. Another guy in that forward role for Atlanta is Deandre Hunter. I could see Deandre Hunter possibly getting a spot start even. Here at least at the very least, his role will increase for tonight's game. So you've got Hunter and and Sadiq Bay. Also, Okangwu is out as well. So they're not gonna be plugging him at the 4 like they did earlier this season, when they're missing Johnson. It's going to be Hunter and Bay that are going to get those minutes. Yeah, and and you know, Memphis is obviously terrible, but and they try to they try to improve their defense by just forcing a lot of turnovers, which means they take a ton of Gamble's. So there's a lot of opportunities for the some guys in Atlanta. Just get wide open looks if those Gamble's fail. Especially if they're, you know, not playmakers. Right? They're not like, Sadibe is not gonna turn the ball over a ton, for example. He he's the one who would benefit from an open shot. Yeah. I mean, the injuries, man. Injuries are really starting to pile up just in general, on these slates, You know, Tyrese, Maxey, and Embiid are out. Melton's out long term for Philly. You know, it's gonna lead to some, you know, some Kelly Oubre, some Buddy Heel, some Tobias Harris. I mean, people are just gonna play a lot of a lot of those Philadelphia guys. And then we we kinda touched on what's going on with Minnesota and Cleveland earlier in the show. Where else are you looking? I mean, are you really just gonna target for value a lot of those, you know, a lot of those teams that have injury woes and then fill in more money with just, like, guys like Giannis and and the the higher priced, safer floor guys? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. I mean, like you'd mentioned, Philadelphia, numerous players out. Charlotte, numerous players out. So so Mitchich, Trey Mann, Miller, Miles Bridges, all those guys are are on my radar for tonight's slate. If Trey Mann's ruled out, I like Mitchich even more. He's only 53100 on DraftKings. So that's that's a very solid option. Washington is another spot where you have Begley, Marvin Moneybags. Begley has already been ruled out for Friday's game. Kuzma, Kyle Kuzma has been receiving these spot starts in place of Begley, and Kuzma has been crushing it, for what is it? 5 5 straight games, 6 straight games of 40 plus fantasy points, and he'll get he'll get well over 30 minutes. He's only 78100 on DraftKings, so I like him tonight. Even even if he's playing out of position in the center role, it seems pretty safe against the Charlotte team that, also struggles against opposing teams' front court. So there there's gonna be tons and tons of injury options. Cleveland, the other one. Right? We already talked about Lavert. We talked about Dean Wade briefly. I'm not as high on Dean Wade. I don't think our optimizer kinda likes him for tonight. But even if he starts, you know, we're not gonna see what he did in Boston. That that rarely happens. He's 38100. So if you need a a, yeah, a player in that price range, he's an option. But I'm gonna try to look elsewhere. Give me Lavert. Give me Garland. Give me Jarrett Allen. I like spending up on those guys with Mitchell and Mobley out. And we should mention very quickly for playing on the draft DraftKings, main slate, the final 2 games of the, of the day are not on there. So that that excludes Milwaukee Lakers and excludes Houston Portland. So you you do lose a few sources of potential, like, high, high salary players that you could throw in there. But you still have other guys on the slate like SGA, Holmgren, Bam, you know, if you need to fill out your your salary because we are at the point of the year where you may end up building a roster and you're like, I actually have $4,000 left over. I'd actually need some points here. Alright. Any any closing thoughts? I mean, this is a pretty small slate with a with a lot of obvious value. So I'll we can we can wrap it up here. Yeah. I mean, Naz Reed, another guy we mentioned, earlier. He's gonna be worth a look tonight whether he's coming off the bench or or moved into the starting lineup. And a possible low, roster percentage play for tonight, Scary Terry Rozier for the Miami Heat. He's only 65100. He's starting to kinda find his form with Miami. He he exploded for 57 fantasy points against Dallas. He had 4 straight 30 plus, Fantasy Point Outings in the the 2 weeks before that. He's he's a solid option, especially at 65100. You know, there's not gonna be many players who have 50 plus point upside there. Tyler Herro is probably sitting out again tonight. So I've like I like scary Terry in that spot quite a bit, and I do think the the roster percentage will be a little bit lower than what you'd expect for a player in his price range. I will say I'm surprised to see Rudy Gobert only 77100, with 5 straight of of 42 fantasy points at least, and the towns is out. So that was also intriguing. But let's let's wrap that up. Ken, it is time for your old man rant. Argh. You know what burns my britches? Drinking too much and buying ugly stuff. Look at this ridiculous Kristaps Porzingis t shirt. Are you my wife? Last week, I stammered out of the TV garden after the Celtics beat the short handed Sixers. And I thought, hey, I really need that weird Porzingis t shirt. And my buddy agreed. I should have snagged one of those giant logos on the gold chain, but now I got this shirt. Friends, don't let friends drink and buy NBA stuff. Damn you, alcohol. Oh, man. I can't believe you got to see Paul Reed in person. Paul Reed. Look at this. Godzingis. Who says Godzingis? Nobody says Godzingis. Idiot. Made that up. Yeah. I don't know how I can describe for the listeners on the Damn you, Bushmills. On the audio, it's almost like an old school, like, metal font. Like, you know, classic metal on the top and presenting Of course, unlicensed. There's no actual something Unlicensed. You just buy it from a guy outside? I just got it off the street. Oh, yeah. Okay. I see. I woke up the next morning, like, what in the hell? Oh, jeez. Well, why why why don't you keep it rolling with a quote here, Ken? We had no mispronounced names today. Okay. You're not gonna give the regular outro stuff? Yeah. Wait. I did. No. I said I said my chitch instead of me chitch right after that. Oh, I knew I got that one. That was bad. But, alright. Well, you know, thanks for joining us on the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast presented by RotoWire. Go to roto wire.com/try for a free trial. And for our outro, let's go to Denver where opposing center, Kristoff's godzingis said this about Nikola Jokic who posted a triple double in the win his 30th of the season. The unicorn had this to say about the joker. He's just an incredible basketball player. Some things I learned from him today, actually. He's just so smart, so crafty, so many things you don't see that he does on the floor that helps that team win. It's incredible. Whenever you over help just a little bit, he'll find Gordon. He'll find all these guys. It speaks to how valuable he is for them. Attention, passengers. This 3 car, fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.