Welcome to the award winning Broadway. Your fantasy basketball podcast is Friday, February 16th, 2024 Alex for Ruth. A here with Shannon McEwen Ken is already in Cabo like the Bucks last night as they lost to the Grizzlies. Doc River said that, by the way. So we had some guys in Cabo. Yeah. Could Brian's asking. Where's Ken? I think still in Vegas. I think he moved there. You know, Vermont legalized sports gambling. He's just like, I this is who I am now. This is my personality. Yeah. But, Shannon and Shannon made the trip back from from Vegas and is is ready to do this podcast. We're gonna keep it short today. We are only gonna talk news and then waiver wire, and then we're out of here. But if you have any questions, drop them in, and we'll try to get to them. First things first, Klay Thompson came off the bench last night in yesterday's win over the Jazz and will do so, quote, for the foreseeable future according to Steve Kerr. Of course, he drops 35 points on 22 shots, make 7 threes in 28 minutes, and 1 and what ended up being a non overtime 140, 137 win in Utah. Podgemski got the start. Shannon, do you expect this to change anything really in terms of Fantasy value for the remainder of the season? I I certainly on AirPod side, I do. I think it solidifies his role as, like, a legit 10 team option for Fantasy. For Klay Thompson, you were if you already rostered him this season, it was primarily because of points and 3 pointers. And I don't think that's gonna change much even with his role off the bench. He's currently averaging 17.3 points per game, which is his lowest since his sophomore season, but he's still hitting 3.33 pointers. There's not many players in the league that top out and and hit 3 over 3 3 pointers per game. So he's going to have fancy value. I think that holds even in the bench role. You know, as we saw last night, he's gonna get hot from downtown. He was, 7 for 13 from downtown, 13 for 22 from the floor. Even chipped in 6 rebounds, which was nice, but in 28 minutes. Yep. He played 30 minutes in back to back games before that. I don't I really don't think it'll change much. I think we'll see Klay play 25 to 30 minutes score, 14 to 16 points and give you, you know, close to 3.33 pointers per game. So if he was giving you value as a starter, it's gonna hold as a reserve. We also had Danilo Gallinari, go with the Bucks, Shannon. Very exciting. Gallo has agreed to join the Bucks for the rest of the season. Yeah. I I like him because he gives, he gives the Bucks options besides Crowder, Portis, Patty c, and the other end of the bench guys. He'll help stretch the floor a little bit. He's also on his last legs. This isn't the that that we saw, you know, in his prime. No nowhere close to that. Nowhere close to Knicks or Nuggets or even Clippers Gallinari, really. He is definitely on, you know, the final season or 2 of his career most likely. But he can still hit a 3 pointer, help stretch the floor. You know, it also helps. You got Middleton who who can never really stay healthy. But from a fantasy standpoint, I don't expect the yellow to play more than, like, 15 minutes per game. Yeah. I think that's that's about right. I mean, I the Bucks look, Doc River Doc Rivers loves his veterans. That's a big portion of this. I think that Doc Rivers probably wants, you know, fewer minutes for guys like Beauchamp and AJ Green and who knows about the NASA's, but Middleton's also been out. Like you said, I would be shocked shocked if this results in anything meaningful in terms of fantasy value. He is taking over the vacant Joe Ingles role. Yes. Last year's bucks team. Absolutely. Okay, Shannon. We have to talk about it. Isaiah Stewart last night arrested for punching Drew Eubanks at the arena. I will say Drew Eubanks kind of an underrated, like, you get some people's faces. Like, Eubanks has has pissed a lot of people off. So not, I I I can understand why beef stew had had enough given beef stew's, temper as well. Possibly a small suspension coming. We don't know a lot right now. I'll I'll give you the floor to talk about whether you think maybe there's a suspension and just like what the Pistons post deadline rotation kind of what they're up to. Yeah. I I mean, I don't know if it's gonna be a small suspension. I honestly think there it's in play that he doesn't return to the court season. We'll we'll have to see what happens, but he was arrested and issued a citation and then released by, Arizona or Phoenix police. So it's it's something to keep tabs on. If I roster Isaiah Stewart in 10 or 12 team leagues, I've I would have already of cup 8, definitely doing it now. He's already been out with an injury anyways. So if you, you know, if you had an I l IL spot, you might have had him stashed there in a deeper format. But I think he's safe to drop in all formats. You know, the Pistons are also playing around with rotations. They have a bunch of new pieces to work in. They might just sideline Isaiah Stewart for the remainder of the season or at least at least until this gets all sorted out. You've got Simone Fantechio, there now. He was inserted into the starting lineup a couple of games ago, and and I think that's really where you will see some some decent value from a fancy standpoint. Fantechio is rostered in 30% of Yahoo leagues. We're not going to talk to him, talk about Simone, in the waiver wire section, but I think he's worth a look in 12 team leagues. Over the past 3 games, averaging 15 points, 2.33 pointers, 4.7 rebounds in 26 minutes per, and I expect those minutes to go up now that he's starting. Yeah. Well, I'm interested to see what happens with Stewart, but you're you're talking about dropping him. I think it's fine just because he was kind of fringe roster spot for most, 12 team leagues anyway points and categories. So, yeah, with the optionality the the Pistons have, don't be surprised if he ends up being a drop. Let's take a few questions before we jump into the waiver wire. Shannon, actually, am I gonna talk about this guy? I don't think I am. We'll we'll we'll put this question up. Would you rather have Aaron Nesmith or Marvin Bagley, 14 team, 9 cat head to head? Tough tough call. I think, especially in a in a categorical league, you know, I'm picking whichever categories I need more help on. So if it's scoring if it's scoring field goal percentage rebounds, then Bagley gets the edge. If it's if it's 3 point shooting, maybe steals, that's where I would rather go with Nesmith. So that that's gonna dictate my decision there. It's really which categories do I need more help on. And I expect I I do expect Begley to be a solid overall player. I like him a little bit more in points league. And if if it was straight points league, I would say Begley gets the edge. You know, there is also some injury concerns with Begley, but he we have back to back games where he's played 28, 20, 28, and 30 minutes now, over 34 fantasy points in each of those games. So I do give the the edge to Begley in general. If all categorical needs are even, Begley gets the edge. But I would look at what your your team needs are first. Yep. Yeah. The the head to head 9 cats important because really what you're trying to do is win 5 of your 9 categories. So you wanna lean into your strongest categories. But I answer Shannon gave is basically exactly what I was going to say there. There's a chance. They're pretty neck and neck the rest of the year. You just got to pick whoever fits your your sort of bill. Jay Sizzle 8 10 just dropped Klay Thompson for Trey Mann in a 9 cat 10 team league. Is this a good move? I will say I like it just from an upside perspective because I don't think Klay really has top 100 in them anymore. And I think Trey man. I'm gonna talk about me a little bit. I don't I don't want to I don't want to blow my cover on Trey man, but I will say, I think he will still play significant minutes when LaMelo comes back. I I agree with that assessment, and that's why I've liked that move. Yeah, I think it it it's a similar scenario where if you end up needing 3 pointers more, you could probably find someone else on the waiver wire. But Trevor Trey Trey Man has been contributing across the board, the last few games. And even after Bell LaMelo returns, which, you know, is to be determined when. But I think there's a role for Trey Man on this team even then. Like, I could see Cody Martin being moved to the bench. Brandon Miller, in my opinion, is more of a small forward. So you start Ball and Trey Mann at the 2 guard spots, Miller at the 3, Griggs is at the 4, Richards at the 5, and have Martin, who is more of a a complimentary player anyways, coming off the bench. So I like Trey Mann and his long term upside for the remainder of the season. Yes. Let's take one more question before we jump into the waiver wire. Should I sell high on Buddy healed or hold on to him for the rest of the season? Christian asks. I basically, I wrote a kind of a winners and losers type post trade deadline column, and I just was like, you gotta sell high and buddy yield. I look. What what he's doing right now is amazing. His passing is reaching levels he's never done before in his career. He's got 6 assists and 4 straight games. He's fallen out of control right now. But, Tobias Harris has missed the past 2 games. Tyrese Maxey missed one of those games, and D'Anthony Melton has remained out. Betomb has been out this entire time. So, yes, I would sell high, but I would say, as I said in my article, I would only sell high if you could get, like, a guaranteed top 60 player in return. Okay. I I can agree. I I was gonna say top 50. If you're getting a top 50 player in return, I think it's a solid move. Buddy Hield's been a top 50 player over the past couple weeks, and certainly since he joined, the 70 sixers. I mean, he's he is averaging since starting moving in starting lineup for the sixers. He's averaging 22 points, 4 rebounds, 7 and a half assists, 1.8 steals. The assist will definitely not hold. We know that, but, also, 4.53 pointers, 45% from downtown. Yeah. The I would say he he is a guy who could shoot 40% or higher from downtown. He shot 42 and a half percent from 3 last year. And with this team, the difference with the Sixers, as opposed to the Pacers is the volume, I think, is likely to be there. I do not envision Nick Batum challenging Buddy Heel for minutes. It obviously helps that you had Maxi or Harris missed time, in some of those games. But if you're I've I value Buddy Healed as a top 75 fantasy player for the remainder of the season. So unless you're getting top 60 top 50 in return, I think you hold him. I and I yes. The minutes are another thing to I will say 39 minute average over these past 4 games. I don't think that's going to continue but healed has ranked an inside the top 50 before in his career. He's he's been a top 75 player multiple times, and he's only needed about 30 minutes to do so. So I think I think he's been a top 80 player almost every season in his career even when coming off the bench. So, yeah, I I do like him quite a bit. He's not gonna do what he's spent done for the past 4 games, but I I firmly believe he's he's like top 60 top 50 ish player, for the remainder of the season. Alright. Before we jump into the waiver wire, don't forget, rotor wire.com/pod. Go to that link. You can get a free look behind our paywall. We have a ton tons of content, back there for you guys. And do not forget to like and subscribe. Like this video and subscribe to the Rotowire MBA YouTube channel if you like this content. Okay. Let's jump into the waiver wire. Shannon and I are gonna give you about 4 each to make up for Ken's absence. But I will mention for games next week, different leagues, different standard formats across different host sites have different rules for the all star, break. Some sites have this as a 2 week block. Some sites have this as a as a 1 week block. I'm gonna be talking like this is a 2 week block and that you're gonna set your lineup again when play resumes. So, if that's the case about for your league, about half the teams have 3 games, about half have 2, and 2 teams only have one game for next week after the all star break resumes. That is Memphis and Miami. So keep that in mind when setting your lineups, when picking guys up, when dropping guys, etcetera. But I will start off, with the guy we mentioned earlier in the show, Trey Mann of the Charlotte Hornets. He is 34% rostered. In his first three games with the Hornets, he's averaging about 14 points on 46% from the field and 46% from deep. That also includes 7 rebounds, 7 assists, and just over a steal. It seems like LaMelo is going to come back after the all star break. We don't know. Charlotte is incredibly dodgy with their injure injury reporting and they're updating. But even so, even if LaMelo comes back right after the all star break, I think Charlotte's gonna prioritize man, in the rotation, not ahead of LaMelo, but just in general. I think he'll operate probably as a 6 man or potentially even start like Shagun mentioned over like Cody Martin. They could probably get minutes in the high twenties, given what he's shown as a passer, that's probably going to be enough for him. And they got other guys that can kick out of the rotation. I mean, I'm not I mean, Vasili Mitchel has been playing 20 minutes. Is that really gonna continue? Are they gonna keep are they gonna keep giving 20 minutes to Seth Curry, 12 minutes to the, Bertons? Like, there is room for all for LaMelo and Troy Mann, to play. Absolutely. You know, we hinted at that during the news section. I totally agree with that. I I think he should be rostered in in probably 60 or 70% of leagues, very easily. I I think he's a 10 team league option. So I I support that pick. I I will Go ahead. I don't think. We, Hornets have 3 games, by the way. So even if you're worried, you pick them up. You got 3 games for installation, if he comes off the bench and is only playing 20 minutes or something. But, yes, go go ahead, Shannon. My first waiver wire suggestion is AirPods himself, Brandon Podgemski. He's back in the starting lineup, as he he's been moving in and out of the starting lineup, for the warriors all season. But as we alluded to during the the news section, Klay Thompson is now being deployed in a reserve role for the foreseeable future. And I just love what what AirPods has been able to provide. He he's been very solid for the warriors all year. As a starter, he's seen a nice increase in production. Fourteen starts this year, he's averaged 31.6 points, 11 11.4 points, 1.4 steals, 4.5 assists, 7.1 rebounds, which is pretty wild for a 64 guard. Yeah, 30 plus minutes seems like it's gonna be a sure thing with him in the starting lineup last night even with Klay Thompson going off, when he came off the bench. AirPods was able to play 34 minutes. Pajamski is rostered in, let's see, 47% of Yahoo rosters. That should certainly be higher. So I I think he'd need to be rostered, in most 10 team or if probably all 10 team leagues, go scoop them up. But he per gems key. He's proved it all year. He doesn't have too many weaknesses besides like he doesn't really get to the free throw line and his efficiency can kind of be up and down. That's a really about it for him that you're worried about. So, I really like that. Before I get to mine, we have a question in the chat from Manila, most Wongen. Do we need to start selling marketing now? Jazz gave up on the run with the trades. They did. Yeah. I mean, I don't mind to sell high and marketing if you're especially worried about it. I'm, you know, I don't think they're going to be as heavy pulling the plug as maybe they were last year. I mean, they're still fighting for Golden State with a play in spot. I know, like you said, and I agree with you, the moves. They made tell you that they are fine, not making the play and they're fine, not making the playoffs. I agree, but they're so far out of the bottom 5. Like they have 26 wins. The bottom 5 is Charlotte at 13 Washington at 9, Detroit at 8 Portland at 15 San Antonio at 11. They can't really far, like, fall like that much farther down. So to me, it's not as much of a sell as Jaren Jackson. That's how I'll phrase that. I totally agree with that, statement. I I don't think he's a sell. I think they pretty pretty obviously were gonna we're they're gonna try to play both sides of it. They're like, we're gonna sell off some pieces and make room for create more minutes for our 1st round picks in Keontae George, Walker Kessler. Those 2 guys are both starting now for them. They also have Hendrix coming off the bench and getting rotation minutes every game, which wasn't the case before the trades. I think they they said we could still compete still be competitive, maybe push for a play in while also freeing up minutes for for our young guys. I I don't think they're gonna just shelf market in unless he unless they continue to drop, they have lost 4 in a row. You know, if he suffers some kind of injury, that's gonna force their hand. But right now, like we saw last night, they're out there trying to beat the the Warriors and really move up in the standings and compete for that play in. So I don't think Mark Nunn is an obvious sell at this stage. My next waiver wire suggestion. Speaking of the Jazz, Keonte George, who is 27% rostered on February 12th. He was named the starter going forward. Yes, he has started 3 straight games, but he's seen at least 25 minutes and 6 straight. So this was coming for a little while. In this, in this 6 game stretch, he's averaging averaging 16 points on 46% from the field, 47% from deep. It's gonna decline a little bit. But 5 assists, 3.3 rebounds, 1.2 steals. He was having huge efficiency issues at the beginning of the season, as we all know, as people in category leagues were like wringing their hands. Do I keep them? Do I drop them? He's tanking my field goal percentage. But since December, he's he's 42% from the field and 37% from deep. So now he's he's in the competence zone. It's it's wild to me that he is not more heavily rostered. This is a guy. He's he's 27% rostered. He is a top 50 or a top 60 player over the past week, averaging 34 minutes per game in those 3 games. He is you know, this this, one of the rookies that everyone was high on stashing at the beginning of the year, and it's been it's been an up and down. You know, he's had his struggles, but he's locked into the starting lineup now for the remainder of the season, And he should absolutely be rostered, at a higher percentage than that. Oh, here's a good question related to that. Would you keep Keontae or Sku Anderson for rest of season? That that's interesting because last night, the news came down last night that, Scoot Henderson will start for the remainder of the season, for Portland. I know which way I'm going, but I want you to weigh in on it first, Dale. I think that I would rather roster Scoot. It okay. I would much rather roster Scoot in a points league. In a category league, it is closer because Scoots we talked about Kante George having field goal percentage issues. Scoot Henderson also has field goal percentage issues, but he's he's been better lately. I will say I'll lead Scoot. I will. I'll do it. Yeah. I think I think that assessment's pretty spot on. Scoot is the better play for points based leagues. I am going to give him the edge in categorical as well, primarily just because of his tremendous upside. And we've seen him go out there and score 30 points multiple times in the past month or 2. He has that solid you know, he he has more upside to go out there and score 25 points and drop 10 dimes then George does. I like both players a ton, and, honestly, I'm trying to roster both if I can. Who is your second waiver wire suggestion, Shannon? Ayo Desumu for the Chicago Bulls, a guy we talked about a lot this season. He is, 44% rostered on Yahoo. Top 50 player over the past week with averages of 20 points and 4.73 pointers, and 37 minutes per game, in in the past 3 games. You know, friendly reminder, no Zach LaVine for the remainder of the season. You have Caruso has been a has been questionable, basically, every game for, I don't know, the past month or 2. The sumo should continue to see tons of run for the Chicago Bulls. Any you know, as as Alex and Ken and I have all talked about, he's shown growth on the offense, and he's been more aggressive. Yeah. Even the he just scored a career high 29 points against Atlanta. He took 18 field goal attempts that game. I expect, you know, there could be scenarios like with the Minnesota game a week ago where Chicago goes with the Twin Towers setup depending on matchup. But other than that one game, Desumu started 8 of 9. So I expect I fully expect he will be locked in the starting lineup or starting 90% of the games here on out and playing 30 plus minutes. I think he's worth a look. 12 teamers, no doubt. Some 10 team leagues, he's gonna be be an option as well. Yep. Double digit scoring in 14 of his past 15 games, solid on defense too. So if you need a little bit of defense, not a bad option. I'm gonna I'm gonna, pivot off of my 3rd pick to go straight to my 4th pick because we have a question related to my 4th player. Old yeast says great show. Thanks. ESPN points league. I gotta choose between Olinik and Derek Lively. I'm conflicted. Let me talk about Olinik first because he is one of my waiver wire suggestion. So I'll I'll do the rundown here. He's 35% rostered, got traded from Utah and Toronto. He exited the most recent game for Toronto to do a back straight. So throw that one out the window, 7 minutes played. Before that, he played 43 total minutes in 2 games, 28 points, 11 rebounds, 5 of 6, and 6 steals with a block total in those, 43 minutes. Look. It's kind of a weird trade. They got a bodge in the trade too. We were kinda unsure about what they were gonna do with Olinnik in terms of, like, how much they're gonna play him. I think they like him out there as a floor spacing look at the 5 around Scottie Barnes. That isn't a floor space in 5 that isn't Chris Boucher. And, I it's working so far. Olinik and Barnes, they played 31 minutes together. Barnes, 10 assists to 2 turnovers in that time. The question on whether you roster him versus Derek Lively. I think that if all things were equal, like, if both of these guys were playing 30 minutes, I would rather have Olinic. But I don't have much faith in Olinik playing more than about 20 a game. And Lively, also confusing. I'll I'll I'll I'll ask you, Shagun. This Lively Gafford split, Lively just came back from a broken nose, played 17 minutes off the bench. I think he's gonna start, but I also don't think it's gonna matter that much in terms of minute split. How do you kind of evaluate that situation? I I view Gafford as the most likely option to start for this team. I think it's telling that they went with Gafford, in Lively's return. They also went with PJ Washington at the power forward spot. I I just I think Gafford this team's trying to win. They wanna make a push. I think Gafford's gonna give them the better option to do so. So I yeah. It's gonna be a pretty close platoon. It's you know, it could be 24, 18, something along those lines. I just I worry about Lively. I still like Lively long term, obviously, in Dynasty, Keeper Leagues. I think he's got tons of upside. But this year, I do like Gaffer the remainder of the season, over Lively. And with Olinik, my concern with Olinik is the fact that those two games those two solid games that he had for Toronto, 22 and 21 minutes, great production, they lost both those games by a lot. By a lot. By 24 and 23 points. I wanna see how linac is actually gonna be when they have a competitive game and and how much run he's going to get. I cautious I'll I'll side with a linac here, but I do believe it's toss-up and my actual preference is to find a 3rd option. That's got more upside than both of them. I think that's fair. You know, Raptors are 1936. I actually wrote about this in my article because I don't know what they're doing their pick this season. Actually, hold on. I don't know. I lost it. Whatever I was looking at. I lost it. But, yeah, I just, I don't know, man. I don't know what they're doing. Okay. Let's go to, who's who? It's up to you, Shannon. It's up to you. Alright. My next waiver wire suggestion. I'm actually we'll we'll do a little 2 for 1 here. You know, Ken had the gaggle, of grizzlies last week. We're just gonna trim that down to a duo. Zaire Williams, who is officially my long shot of the week, guard forward for Memphis, 1% rostered. So he's available everywhere. You can go get him. He's coming off a career game, scored a career high 27 points in 36 minutes. Also had 4 rebounds, 4 assists, 3 steals. He was 4 for 7 from downtown, which is nice to see because he hasn't been the greatest, shooting from downtown. He he's he hasn't been shy about it. He he is hitting, 1.23 pointers per game this year, but but only 32%. I've always kind of had a crush on Zaire Williams. Thought he could do more. It was nice to see last night, in that game against that that massive upset win against the Bucks, which is hilarious. But Zaire Williams with 40 almost 45 fantasy points for DFS. He's had he's flirted with that before. He had 32 fantasy points a couple weeks ago against Orlando. This team is so shorthanded and is gonna be a revolving door, of players that I do think Zaire Williams is worth a streaming options in the short term. The other option from Memphis that that I like a lot is the young man, Gigi Jackson. He had another big game. 30 minutes, 27 points. Not much outside of scoring. One rebound, 0 assists, 0 steals, 1 block, but he was 10 for 17 from the floor, 6 for 10 from downtown. Good for 28 fantasy points in that win over the Bucks. He he hasn't started. He's only made one start so far this season, so he's coming off the bench seeing seeing a decent role off the bench for Memphis. I mean, he's played 20 or more more minutes in 6 straight games. He has 1 DNP in there as well where he's essentially rested. I still like Gigi. I do think they might, uncork him towards the the final stretch of the season, and he's out there playing 35 minutes per. So, Gigi, not as, heavily or not as as heavily available as Zaire Williams. He has rostered in 34% of leagues. He he's a guy if you need 3 pointers scoring. Gigi Jackson's an option. Efficiency will be an issue though. So he is a risk on that end in categorical leagues. Yeah. I mean, this this this grizzly situation, it's almost we don't know what's gonna happen here with all the injuries, all the guys sitting out, etcetera. We don't even know. I mean, they're talking like Desmond Bay is gonna come back. I don't I don't even believe that. I mean, they're they're saying like it's gonna happen. That would be insane to me. So, yeah, I it's hard for me to say that Jackson, Zyer Williams, basically anybody who's on the Grizzlies who's seen decent minutes lately is not a fine pickup just to have on your bench or or as optionality as an upside play. Just because it's the, I think we still have we still have through April, middle of April, and this team is already looking like this. So it's gonna be I think it's gonna be a mess for a lot of the season. I will say I found what I was looking for with this with this Raptors thing. The Raptors owe their pick to San Antonio if it falls between or if it falls outside of 6. They gave San Antonio a protected 1 to 6 first round pick on the Jacob trade. There you go. Deranged move. Right now, the the Raptors are in 6th, but they are 3 and a half games behind Portland in terms of, like, bad record. So and given well, given the quality of teams that Kelly Lenox played on the last few years, you know, Detroit, the Rockets, now the Raptors, it's possible. The key to to saving that pick and keeping it in house is just playing a win at 4 minutes. Yeah. Very, very weird situation. If I was a Raptors fan, I would buy the I would be I would be beside myself. Let's say that. Alright. My final waiver wire suggestion, Corey Kispert of the Washington Wizards 15% rostered has clearly been given the green light, practically irradiated green light past 8 games for Kispert 17 points with 3 threes on 50% for the field, 35% from 3, 3.9 rebounds, 2 and a half assists in 28 minutes. Wizards have 3 games next week, so stream them in. Absolutely. I have a hot take for you. I think he's Washington's 2nd most talented scorer behind Kyle Kuzma. Kispert has been underutilized for so long. He does not deserve to be on a bad team like Washington and he is not just a 3 point shooter. I think that's something I need to emphasize. He's not like a pure 3 point streamer. He shoots a lot of twos actually, like half only half of his shots are threes, which is kind of a lot, kind of not depending on what you think about him. He's a great cutter, decent passer, such an obvious streaming candidate with 3 weeks in the green light he's been given. Nice. I will push back on the second most talented score because I'll tell you who I think the first most talented score is on that team. It's our boy, Denny. I'm not sure. I mean, coming off a career high 43 points, he he gets to the line, got to the line 13 times in that game. If he starts getting to the line more, you know, and and having more of a a green light from downtown 6 for 10. I think that might be the first, gate yeah. Definitely the first game this season. He's taken double digit 3 point attempts. I I'm just in love with Avia's, the his total package as an NBA player. Big fan. So we'll we'll just count this as shout out. He is averaging 28 points, 11 and a half rebounds, 3.8 assists, and, 2.83 pointers over the past 4 games, 39 minutes per in those 4 games. And I'm the fool who traded him in our Keeper League. But, yeah, I, no, I love on view as well. Both of these guys deserve to be like on winning rosters. It's just, you know, yeah, obvious awesome. Since I package the 2 Grizzlies together, I do have one more pick for us, and we are going with another name that has been discussed on this segment this year. Andrew Nembhard starting shooting guard for the Indiana Pacers. He has started, 6 straight games, over and and since the trade deadline, his production's picked up some in those four contests. He's averaging 31 minutes, 10 points, 4.8 assists, and 1.5 steals. And it's really the assist that I just wanted to point out. The 4.8 assist is tough to find, on the waiver wire, especially this time of year. So if you're in need of assist and looking for a a sneaky option, he's a guy who could who could provide that. He has upside for more. I mean, even on the season, he's averaging 4.6 assists in 23 minutes per. You know, if his minutes continue to hover, in that 30 range, then I expect him to actually be averaging over 5 assists in short order. Yeah. And Rick Carlisle. We all want Ben bathroom to happen. Like we all want Ben bathroom 30 minutes. He's putting up 20 points, 6 man in a year. I think Carlisle just does not like him. So Nemar, I think is going to continue getting the minutes. Let's close out the show. We're not doing, we're not doing All Star break anything, you know, not doing all star anything there. We got a few questions in the chat. I want to close out with. Let's do it. And and no, sadly, I know any of you who've been listening for years, typically, I do an NHL DFS slate preview on this all star break Friday. Sadly, I am ill equipped. I mean, I've always been ill equipped, but I'm ill prepared to do it this year. So we're going to pass on that segment quickly. Ryan says, Jordan Goodwin looked good last night for Memphis risky, but has potential Goodwin was good last year with Washington. Like, if you've been playing, you played fancy last year, need a streamer when I think it was Beal who was out. Yeah, you look good last year. So that's something to keep in mind. Traton over pronouncing your name correctly wants to drop IO or potentially drop IO to soon move for Grant Williams, Amen Thompson, Bojan Bogdanovic, Dennis Schroeter, or Trey Mann. Personally, I think I would just keep IO to soon move here. I think I like him as much as any of those options. I know Grant Williams has looked really good the last 3 games coming off the bench for Charlotte, but I am firmly not a believer. He had plenty of opportunity in Dallas and could have had a similar 30 minute per game role. He's just not that guy. So he's doing great. Again, I'll give him credit where credit's due. 70.7 rebounds, and and 5 he's he's hitting 2 3 pointers on 5.7, 3 point attempts per game right now. For Charlotte, I I think he's gonna revert back to the guy. We've seen the past couple years with Boston and Dallas and, you know, that 8 to 9 points with with 44 rebounds and and 1 and a half to 2, 3 pointers. So I'm not very high on Grant Williams. Amen. He is he deserves all the praise. Deserves all the praise and worship. But Van Fleet will return soon enough. I still think Amen might stick in that lineup, because of the upside he's shown, the the, you know, the what they've already invested in him, with such a high pick, they're going to want him to be a starter. Boyan, I I think he's got limited upside, especially once the Knicks get healthy. Schroeder, similar situation. Man, I do like quite a bit. But AO, I'd probably I'd probably rank AO, like, 2nd or 3rd in that group. So I'm holding him, or I'm sorry. I would write rank him first right now, but Trey man and Amen close second and third. Yeah. I'm with you on that. Trenton also wants to know. He says, Heywards, Gordon Hayward's on his waiver wire to this is a points league that could end up, you know, working out, but I just would keep IO and because you don't know what Gordon Hayward. He's always hurt. We don't know what his role is going to be. I will get preemptively drop to soon move for Hayward. And then he wants to know, are we scared of Pat Williams coming back and taking too soon moves minutes? Not really partially because I think that might put an end to like the drum and experimentation at power forward. So there's minutes there and then I think Corey Craig and potentially Jevon Carter and, like, Dalen Terry, who's also playing minutes. They just they just lose minutes, and I think the suit will keep playing what he's playing. Yeah. I think Chicago has been pretty competitive with the roster 55 over the past 10. They're playing you know, they are competing for a plan. They're currently 9th in the east. And then pretty much it would be a surprise at this point, you know, if they drop out of the plan, because they do have a 4 and a half game cushion over the Nats who are in the 11th seed. I think they probably stick with their current starting lineup. To sumo could see some minutes drop, a slight drop in minutes, but I am not too concerned. I do wanna go back to Gordon Hayward though. I actually just dropped Gordon Hayward for Trey Mann in the league. So there's a comp right there. You know? If if you're I'm fine. If if one of these guys who we've been highlighting if if AO, if if Trey Mann, some of the top waiver wire ads that we've been suggesting the past few weeks, if they're available, I think that Hayward's safe to drop. I would drop them for Zaire Williams, though. Not our long shots, but some of the top pickups, I I do think Hayward's worth dropping. Final question. Who to drop for Trey Mann? Delo, Conley, or Schroder? To me. This is shrewder. And I don't know if it's that close. I suppose you could make an argument. Schroder verse Conley. You know, what if Schroder keeps starting and playing 30 minutes? Yeah. That's close. What I'll say here is do not drop D'Angelo Russell for for, Trey Mann right now. The other 2, I could see a bit of an argument for. Yeah. I I think I'm dropping I'm dropping Schroder for him. I do think yeah. Schroder it's interesting to see what he's gonna do with the nets. He he looked good in his first game off the bench, 15 to 12, and he's put together 2 duds, since then even and tough matchup against Boston in both of those games. But, you know, even as a starter, he ended up only playing 18 minutes. They were absolutely blown out, lost by 50 points to the Boston Celtics. I still like Schroder, and deeper formats, but give me Trey man over him. Yeah. The Nets, you know, they have Lonnie Walker. They have Ben Simmons. They have Dennis Smith. These are guys. I think they're a little interested in developing and Dennis Schroder is 30. That's also something to keep in mind and the nets are not that good. That will do it for us. Thank you everybody, for, being here despite Ken not being here. Thank you for the questions. And we're just we're just gonna wrap this thing up. I hope everybody has a good all star break. You can relax a little bit. Hope the festivities are fun. And we will catch you guys next week.