Welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by Underdog Fantasy and Vivid Seats. It's Friday, December 1, 2023. I have to pay rent, pay rent everybody. Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken k train Christ. Is there all aboard. Is there some sort of activity involved to pay the rent? Scary Terry Rozier puts up 37 points with 13 assists, in a 129, 128 loss to the nets. Might be taken over a little bit with LaMelo Ball out, really helping my 16 team stake league, where he was out for a long time. This game was there was a lot to talk about in this game, fantasy wise. Cam Thomas also made his return for the nets. Yes. Having another one of my teams came off the bench to score 26 points in 25 minutes. You also had Bryce McGowan start for the Hornets who scored 14 points. No Brandon Miller in this game. So it probably just a spot start for McGowan's. Doesn't seem like a long term thing for Miller. We also had the 4th straight appearance off the bench for PJ Washington with Miles Bridges back in the fold. Bridges playing well, by the way. Okay. Yeah. The nets the nets are back to health, Ken. I just say, yeah, the Nets are finally healthy. Look out for Brooklyn. Claxton Nick Claxton's on fire lately at 20 points, 14 boards, and 2 blocks. Love the blocks he gets you out of center. Nets are 9 to 9. I'd say their arrow's pointing up. Now they finally got Cam Johnson back. They got Cam Thomas back coming off the bench like they've always planned. So I, yeah, I kinda like I like the the outlook for the Nets. Yeah. They'll be in a good position to add some veterans as well. You got plenty of teams in the Eastern Conference alone, Pistons, Wizards, Bulls, who are essentially done. So they'll be they'll be good veterans to be had via trades if the Nets wanna add to their pieces too. Shannon, are you concerned about Spencer Dinwiddie now that Camp Thomas is back? Because he has also been saving me in plenty of leagues, after a slow start. Yeah. Dinwiddie's been really solid for the past week plus. He started the year off, in a good good way as well. But like you mentioned, as soon as Cam Thomas comes back, Dinwiddie goes from from averaging 40 plus fancy points per game in the 4 previous games. He's at 45 point 4 fantasy points per game, to last night in a in a one point loss. Played 30 34 minutes still, but his fantasy production dipped down 24.8 fantasy points. Only 9 shot attempts. Yep. Yep. Only 9 shot attempts. So I I think I think this is just Dinwiddie, and this is the way he's been even when he's playing those big roles for teams. Like, it's it's super encouraging that he still played 38 minutes in the game last night, so that's a positive. I think the minutes will probably still be there, but his his play, his production is always gonna be up and down. He's a roller coaster, always has been. Yeah. We should also note from that game, Gordon Hayward had a pretty nice, outing 22.6 rebounds, 6 assists. He had been playing like, crap lately. Yeah. I had really struggled, but partially due to Rozier coming back and Miles Bridges coming back. This is a big bounce back game for him if you, if you weren't able to sell high after the first, like, 6 games of the season. At least now you can feel good that maybe he's sort of back, with LaMelo expected to miss probably a month month plus. It's still unclear. One other take from the Charlotte side is PJ Washington coming off the bench now, Miles Bridges, and Mark Williams starting in the frontcourt for the for the Bobcats, the Hornets. May as well be Bobcats still. Exactly. Exactly. But PJ Washington, you know, even though he's in that 6 man role, 33 minutes last night, I think it's very encouraging if it his usage was 20%, had a productive game. Be yeah. Even though he was only 2 2 from a 2 for 11 from the floor, he still hit 4 free throws, had 8 rebounds, 5 assists, 2 blocks, 3 steals. Still a productive guy, still getting minutes. He'll get you 3 pointers blocks, steals that rare combination that you're always looking for. So I think he's a hold in most leagues even in in with the bench role. Alright. Let's go to, San Antonio where Wembley is a game time decision tonight versus the Pelicans with a hip issue. This is the second of a back to back games for the Spurs. Wembley played 29 minutes in Thursday's loss to Atlanta last night. Spurs are now 3 and 15. So you gotta wonder why would they push Wembley if there's any kind of health risk. This is what I was worried about preseason with Wembley is Spurs aren't gonna compete this season. They're playing for the future. Give him credit. He's played in all 18 games so far, but my temptation here is to trade high. Does that seem silly or wise to you guys? I don't mind to sell high on when Benyama. It's it's a I mean, it's a really tough conversation. People are you know, this is sort of emblematic of also, like, the rookie that your conversation, between him and Chet. It's like Wenbinama, his shooting percentage is a little bit low. Like, Ken mentioned, you worry about his minutes. You have to wonder, like, does the does this performance, you know, the shooting get better with the way they're playing offense with Sohan out there? Are they gonna change that at some point? I think I can. I think you're fine if you wanna sell high. The you know, obviously, the question, when you talk about, like, selling high, buying low, anything like that is who are you getting in return? What sort of targets are you trying to get? And I think, 1 Banyama is what what? Like, a 3rd round value right now maybe? Double checking. He's he's ranked 19th. Yeah. He he ranks depending from site to site, it's different. There are numerous operate, commission sites where he ranks as a top 10 player right now. He's he's probably more in that 15 to 20 range, If you look at solid rankings, I would 100% trade when be for a top 10 player if I can get it, and I think you would be able to get a top 10 player form. The the game count from here on out worries me, especially as the Spurs, you know, really have nothing to play for. We should also point out the last of that game, Sohan, they career tying 33 points, career high tying 33 points, 8 boards and 6 times on 12 of 14 shooting. I don't think he's gonna shoot 12 of 14 again for a while. And Trae Young on the winning side of things, 45 points and 14 dimes. He had 16 free throw attempts. The hawks are now at 500. They're 9 and 9. Alex, are you excited about to play your favorite Charles Bassett tonight in DFS if Wendy's out? Yeah. If Wendy's out, I think, you know, Charles Bassett and Zach Collins are good options. You know, Collins is safer, gonna be a higher price on the on the, daily fantasy sites. Bassi is a little more of a value, high risk, high reward option. But yeah, I mean, so hand amazing performance from him. Obviously, I think everybody has been fairly critical of so hand not because he's we think he's a bad player, but because he we acknowledge he's playing out of position. Yeah. So this is obviously a really big step in the right direction for him. You can stash him for the second half. I think he's going to have a great second half. Once he's adapted to the position. Alex, take us to news out of Miami. Miami, Bam Adebayo leaves Thursday's game. 1st, the Pacers after reinjuring this hip issue, which has kind of been bothering for a while, bothering him for a while. Who are you laughing about, Ken? I'm laughing. It's Shannon. Are you with me on this? The sigh when you go, ah, by Abby, is the man that's had to write so many injury updates of the Miami, heat roster. Well, so it's not only that, but it's also it's also being a Bucks fan. And you're like, does this team, man? I hate this team. Yes. So on the miles been dealing with a hip injury, left the game versus the Pacers after I took his over on points, of course, because that's how things work. Miami still still did work against the Pacers, beat them 142 to 132. My goodness. Halliburton scores a career high 44 points. It was honestly due with the way they put up, numbers at this point. Jaime hakez junior, who we will talk about more later, with Adebayo going out at 24 points, 5 rebounds, and 1 steal in 33 minutes. Butler took 20 free throw attempts because there's absolutely nobody on the Indiana who can guard him. Josh Richardson at 19 points in 32 minutes. Shit. And what do you make of, you know, out of bio is maybe out. Butler's kind of been in and out of the lineup. You still have hero out. I mean, if you're playing DFS, if you're in season long, how do you approach just kinda what you're seeing with the Miami Heat? Yeah. I I know you're gonna talk about a couple Miami Heat players in our waiver wire section. We talked about a couple, 2 weeks ago. I think we've had a Miami Heat player featured in our waiver wire almost every, yeah, almost every segment this season. For me, I I mean, with, you know, the one guy, Josh Rich Richardson, who we won't talk about later, he's been very solid for him. I think he's he's an option. He's a streaming option, until this team's healthy. Basically, until Hero returns. Duncan Robinson also solid. Caleb Martin, kind of for he's kind of been forgotten about, but he had that big playoff run last year. And he's he's coming off the bench, but doing solid over the past 3 games, 27 minutes per 25 fancy points per game in in those performances. For the front court, I mean, if Bam's out, you got Thomas Bryant and Orlando Robinson. One of those 2 will probably step up. I think Thomas Bryant's the guy I would give first look to. Yeah. And, you mentioned it like you if you're a deep lead, Caleb Martin and Josh Richardson, like those are great options. So the heat the heat are chock full of options who are a lot of them are very under rostered. And I don't know why because the heater actually talked about a lot. And, Ken, I hate to say it, but you have to take us, to the Bulls Bucks game. Yeah. Yeah. Bulls upset the Bucks. 12113 at overtime. Bucks had 18 of 9 before that loss, so I wouldn't get 2 down there, Alex. But really weird, no Zach LaVine, no DeMar DeRozan for Chicago, Illinois product, IO DeSoumou, and Alex Caruso started, but Chicago got 31 points off the bench from Tory Craig, Andre Drummond, and former Buck Jevon Carter. Alex, what do you read into this? Man. You well, you've written in our Google doc here. Am I worried about the bench? I'm worried about the whole damn team, to be honest with you. I'm worried Adrian Griffin is like David Blatt. It's just not gonna work. They're gonna have to fire him. Yeah. Look. I mean, this is atrocious. Losing, you know, without DeRozan and LaVine, you I like, on one hand, you understand how this happens because in, you know, LaVine especially is kinda bringing the team down lately. All these guys who are not in the trade rumors are hyped to get the extra minutes. They wanna beat the Bucks. The Bucks are especially vulnerable in the backcourt. You know, Kobe White goes for 23. The Sunu has the game of his of his season against Lillard and Beasley. Lillard has 7 turnovers, scores only 18 points. They give up they give up 14 rebounds to Andre Drummond in 13 minutes. My god. You mentioned it like this and drew a holiday already? Mhmm. You know, the I look. We need Chris Middleton a lot. And Yeah. One of them. The the Bucks would be lacking in their depth with or without Holiday. You know? It's not like they gave up a bunch of pieces to land Drew Holiday. It's they would still lack depth with him. Alex doesn't miss Grace and Allen. You know, Grace and Allen has actually been good. I tried to tell people, like, Grace and Allen is not a bad player. Yeah. I mean, a lot of this is Middleton. Like, Middleton is just not himself, obviously, knee issues. And for I'm a little worried. He's never gonna be himself. Wow. I'm a little worried that that knee ain't coming back. Yeah. At this point, it's definitely concern, and it's just as much of a concern defensively as offensively. You know, Middleton was a fine defender when he was in his prime, but he's not a great athlete. And so when you lose that athleticism, he's on the wing. He's trying to guard, like, these athletics. 32 32 years old getting all up there. Can't do it. And you mentioned not to panic. The Bucks also have the, well, how how would you phrase this? The the most the fakest record in the NBA, according to, garbage time net rating or non garbage time net rating, they have 2 and a half more wins, real wins than they should. So you're actually looking at more of like an 11 and 8 team instead of a 13 and 6 team. But that that's that's enough of my taste. Why you're why you're on the roll? Give us the Zach LaVine update. Oh, the Zach LaVine update. Yeah. He's out for at least a week. You know, we saw him in this game. Kobe White played really well. I think that kid, you know, I mean, he should be rostered. So there's not necessarily a lot you can do there. I'm interested in, like, the the soon move stuff. You know, he's shown an ability to play fine. The thing is he need he needs 30 minutes. Like, he it's not like a defense first guy. He's a defense first guy. He certainly was coming out of Illinois. Yeah. And then is Alex overly concerned about the Bucks? I mean, the Bucks record is hard to complain about, but I will say for a team with that good of a record, it's amazing how bad they've looked at at for stretches this season. Yeah. I mean, barely barely beating Washington, barely beat making the biggest comeback of the year against Portland. What are we doing? You've got 2 top 10 players that I've I've I've preached this every time a new super team arises. The Miami Heat, big three started 10 and 10. So do you have nothing to worry about? It'll be fine. Alright. Well, Alex, week 7 is kind of the in season tournament week. Can you walk folks through the details? Yeah. I mean, like Shannon was mentioning, there's nothing to worry about. The Bucks were 4 and o in season tournament games. They win when it counts. They know they know how to be clutch. They they step up to the moment. Them and the Lakers both undefeated in in season tournament games. Yes. This is an interesting week for Fantasy. The first time this has ever happened. So we we'd obviously need to talk about it. Monday Tuesday are the quarter finals. If you don't know those games, see if I can remember those games off the top of my head. It's Bucks, Knicks, Celtics, Pacers, Lakers, Suns, and Jazz. No. Not Jazz. Pelicans, Kings. And that's still in the NBA arenas, the usual NBA arenas. Still in the usual NBA arenas. Then on Thursday, we get the semifinals, which is in Vegas. And then the finals will be on Saturday. As Ken notes, 8:30 PM EST on ESPN slash fubo. Doesn't count for fantasy. That's an important thing to note. Saturday games, those games do not count for Fantasy. So keep that in mind. Other than that, every every team plays 2 times next week between Monday Friday. Those are the only games that count for fantasy. The semifinal and I could be wrong here. I'm I'm literally asking. The semifinal games that are in Vegas, the semis, not the final. The semis still count towards their NBA 82 game season record. It's just final that is on its own, not in fantasy and not in the season long records. Right? Yes. I'm pretty sure the knockout teams play another game. That's how they get their second game that week. Oh, wow. If I'm not mistaken. That doesn't have any value either other than they might do that on Friday. I got to double check. I'm I'm I'm fairly certain only the finals, the championship game does not count Yeah. As a regular season game and fantasy stats. It's also important to note, I forgot which games it is. This is terrible podcasting. There are 2 the a lot of the days have 2 games and there's, like I think it's Wednesday and or Tuesday Thursday. I can't remember. 1 of the days has, like, 13 games and the other day has, like, 11 games. So if you're in one of those daily transaction leagues and you wanna, like, stream in on low volume days, if you're one of those people, keep that in mind because some days have, like, 2 games, some days have, like, 13. So keep that in mind if you're a daily league streamer. Back to basketball, though. Yeah. Yeah. Good news. Trey Murphy finally returning for the New Orleans Pelicans. Murphy's 67% roster on Yahoo, but only 10% on ESPN. So check your waiver wire for Murphy. Murphy announced he took an old video of himself as a kid, and reposted on Twitter where as a kid, he says, I think it's Trey. He says, hi. My name is Trey, and I have a basketball game tomorrow. It's a very cute video. Look that look that on Twitter. Alex, you got some other player news. Yes. Kelly Oubre expected to return next week, from the car accident that happened. A lot of lot of questions surrounding that, but he is expected to return next week. And we also have Shannon's pistons in the news. A savior. Bogan Bogdanovic. Yeah. They don't need Bogan Bogdanovic. The first Bogan. Is he the first of the second? I don't really know where he is in the Bogan. He's the only. The the Bogan. So keep that in mind, when when checking out games for the Pistons, see who gets minutes, see who loses minutes. Obviously, Shannon and us will be talking about that a lot more. You got a good question for fan feedback after about the Pistons, and Byanovich. After Alex tells us about our good friends at underdog. We love we love underdog. They're the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100, which I utilized the other day, believe it or not, and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with your promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. That's RW NBA. You take 1 week off, man. I'm gonna lose that. I was lining up our fan feedback questions. Alex and Shannon, prepare yourself to give fabulous wisdom to the loyal, loyal fans of the show. 1st question from Ben McKinstry. My apologies if I mispronounce that. Hey, guys. Love the show. Watch from Australia. Hello, Australia. My question, should we buy low now on our store, Thompson, your Pistons rookie, Shan? How worried are we about the Detroit rotation? We just mentioned Bajanovic coming back. I think it's a great one. What do you say, Shan? Yeah. I I think Asar Thompson is absolutely a Bilo candidate. He came off the bench last night, and the Pistons lost to the Knicks. I would not read into that too much. Essentially, Isaiah Livers received this the start over, Asar Thompson. It's not great that he only played 13 minutes off the bench, but I don't expect that to stick. I think Asar Thompson will be back in the starting lineup or a much more pivotal part of the rotation in the near future. It might take a couple games. The Pistons are obviously throwing everything at the wall to see what sticks. But if Saurabh Thompson is not a guy, I'm too worried about. I'm holding him. I'm stashing him if I own him anywhere in redraft leagues. If I roster him in dynasty, obviously, I'm stashing him there. And then for dynasty and redraft, I also do believe he's a great Bilo candidate. The other are fantastic, especially from a guard forward position. Absolutely. You know? And you can hit threes, inconsistent. That that's to be expected with a with a rookie who shot his shot was his big question mark coming into the league. But I I think he's absolutely a hold or a buy low option. Alex, anything to add to that, or should we go to question 2? I think I think Sharon covered it. Excellent. Let's go to question 2 from Ian Salas. He asked, Brogdon and John Collins Collins, sorry, or spicy p Pascal Siakam. I would rather take Siakam here rather than the combo of Brogdon and John Collins. Partially because John Collins depends on your league size and format. You know, you said 9 cat If we're just gonna assume 12 team, you should roster Collins, but he you don't have to start him necessarily, you know, on on 3 game weeks. Anyway, I I would rather have Siakam because I think you can stream in Collins value for the most part. I mean, Brogdon's game count is always gonna be a problem with his injury history. Also, Siakam qualifies at center on Yahoo. That's on Yahoo. That's where you're playing. And Collins is not blocking shots like he used to and Kessel coming back. No. I I Collins is gonna fade with Castle coming back too. Yeah. I mean, we maybe we buried the lead a little bit. Brogdon's been playing extremely well. Like, Brogdon's having an amazing season, partially because this is one of the only, like, functional playmakers with experience on that on that roster. But, of course, you know, Scoot's gonna get more playing time. Simons is gonna come back. Had mentioned the game count. He's a lower body injury risk. So, yeah, take Siakam. Yeah. I I we're we're three way agreeance on on Siakam here. Brogdon, I also worry about, you know, just Brogdon's long term outlook with that team. I think it's at at some point in the season, it's gonna be criminal if they don't get Scoot Henderson into the starting lineup. They sold their future, you know, with Dame Lillard, selling him off to Miami, and opening the door for Scoot to take over this team. They need to get him in the starting lineup eventually. And Brogdon, I I view this as a showcase. They're gonna trade Brogdon. Brogdon could land a starting gig elsewhere, with a contender. But even if it's a starting gig, he's gonna you know, not gonna be the best player on the floor or the 2nd best player on the floor for that team. He'll likely be a more of a complimentary role. And he also could revert back to 6 man role like he was with Boston last year. So I don't think anybody can handle a starting role. I don't think he can handle that 30 minutes a night. And Collins, I like Collins as a player. He's doing fine. But, you know, really, other than, yeah, like, defensively, not doing nearly as well. He's hitting more 3 pointers than he ever has, but that's it. Pretty much everything else is down. Yep. Alright, Alex. Take us to the waiver wire. The waiver wire gave us time. Basically, how this works, if you haven't been here before, we each, can Shannon and I have 2 regular waiver wire picks players who are roster and fewer than 50% of usually Yahoo leagues. And then we each have one long shot usually roster in 25% or fewer of Yahoo leagues. As we talked about schedule wise earlier in the show in case you missed it or got confused because it is confusing, only games Monday through Friday will count next week. The Saturday game, the in season tournament championship, this which is Saturday, will not count towards fantasy. So if you have a, you know, if the if it's Celtics, Suns, and the in season tournament championship, you don't get those Tatum games. You don't get the Booker games. In some ways, this is nice. Everyone plays twice. Just play your best players. Don't worry about game count. Yep. Chill. That's great. Chill. Lot more like fantasy football that way. Don't have to think as much about, like, adding up, somebody's, you know, you have to think about adding up Bismac, Bambos, rebounds, like a 4 game week to compare them to, like, Myles Turner. Okay. Who's your who's your first pick? It looks like you doubling down in Miami. I'm I'm doubling down in Miami. I'm going with Jaime, Hawkeyes and Kyle Lowry. They're both about 50% rostered. Please roster these people. Like, I I am begging you to add these players to your team. Hawkeyes, past 12 games, 16 points, 5 rebounds, 3 assists on 55, 48, 87 shooting. He looks awesome. Bam on a bio, is now dealing with his hip injury, but I would have endorsed it anyway. I wrote this down before the game last night. Yes. Tyler Herro will come back. I still think Laquez will probably be worth rostering on that team, when Herro is back. Kyle Lowry, he's ranked 83rd on the entire season. He should be on rosters. Past 11 games specifically, 12 points, 4 rebounds, 4 assists, 1.2 steals, shooting 48% from the field and heading 2.7 threes. These guys just have to be on 12 team rosters. I don't even think there's an exception. Alright. Well well said. Well said. Alright. I'm gonna go to Milwaukee for my first pick. And look. This is much better player, I think, in fantasy than in real life. But Malik Beasley, who's 45% rostered for, for the bucks over the last 4 games. Listen to this. 14 and a half points. Here's what shocked me. 7 and a half rebounds, plus a steal and a half. He's always gonna hit 3 pointers. He's at 3 and a half triples, playing over 35 minutes a game over the last 4 games. Maybe he's finally comfortable in his offensive role for Milwaukee. We know they have depth issues, so I think he's gonna keep getting a ton of minutes. And as we said earlier, I'm a little worried Middleton's never gonna return to all star production. That leaves a lot of scoring opportunities, frankly, a lot of catch and shoots for Beasley. And if he plays terrible defense, it doesn't affect your fantasy squad. So dive in and enjoy some Malik Beasley. Nice nice pick, Ken. My my first free agent suggestion for the week is Derek Lively, rookie center for the Dallas Mavericks, 43% rostered. I am stunned. It flabbergasted. Bamboozled. I don't know. Any any kind of word you wanna toss out there, I cannot believe that he's only 43% rostered. Derek Lively has been up and down this year. He just missed one game on the 25th November due to an ankle injury, but he quickly returned. I'm sorry. A back injury. Quickly returned and played, Tuesday a against the Rockets, 28 minutes, 23 fantasy points, 8 points, 5 rebounds, 2 blocks. There's there's gonna be some ups ups and downs here. There's gonna be a roller coaster, but he's a rookie. I believe it'll get better as the season goes on. He's ranked higher right now on the season than a guy we talked about earlier, John Collins, ranked higher than than Collins is. Blocks. Blocks. Blocks. Blocks. Blocks. Yeah. Those blocks are very valuable. So he's averaging 1.1 on the season right now. Again, I think the best is yet to come with Derek Lively. So even though there's some inconsistencies and there's gonna be stretches where he might not be good, he's he's locked into that starting role. He started every game he's been healthy since, you know, after since the second game of the season, really since the second half of the first game of the season. And I don't think that's gonna change unless the Mavericks trade for, like, an all star caliber center. They're probably and even if they do look to add pieces this year via trade, probably be more at the 3 and the 4 than the 5. They they you have to assume they view Lively as a nice building block and their potential long term fixture at the 5 form. It's weird and yet good to see them not give minutes to Dwight Powell. They're finally moving Powell to a rolled gig, you know, a specific off the bench role, which they should have done years ago. Big upside for Lively. Love that pick. Alex, who's your number 2 free agent grab? I guess, Saddiq Bay of the Atlanta Hawks, former piston of Shannons. He's 49% rostered. He has, Jalen Johnson is out, which is unfortunate. You know, he's one of the breakout players this year. He's not expected to return. He Johnson could probably be back in 5th January. Bay has started the past 3 games. Hasn't done a lot extra as a starter. He continues just to play his game. But he's ranked a 131st on the whole season. We know he can get hot. Past 9 games, 14.6 rebounds, 1 assist with 1.4 steals, shooting 55, 38, 72. Just someone who I think should be rostered when Jalen Johnson is out, You know, someone you can you can move in on 4 game weeks after Hunter was in that, oh, you can go ahead and cut them territory, and then Johnson got hurt and suddenly had a few good games. He was mediocre last night. It'll be interesting to see if it's Bay or Hunter that benefits more from the Johnson absence. Yeah. I would I'd say Bay Bay's slight edge in receiving a bigger benefit. But Hunter, Bay, even Bogdanovich, all 3 of them playing more and playing well with, Johnson out. My number 2 pick, admittedly, pretty boring. But Josh Hart with the New York Knicks, he's 49% roster. Got off to a very slow start oddly for the Knicks this season because his role seem pretty, cemented in their playoff run last season. But, hey, just remember this last season, Josh Hart was ranked 65th in total game production in 8 category leagues. Rebounds a lot for a guard qualifies as a guard and forward on Yahoo. And, hey, the last 9 games now he's back up to over 30 minutes of contest over 9 points, 6 rebounds, almost 3 dimes, almost 1 and a half stocks while shooting 53% from the field and hitting more than 1 tray per game. I think Josh Hart is back to that role. He had last year with the Knicks. We know Thibodeaux loves to give his guys big minutes. So I think after a slow start, heart could be a nice boring but reliable, add especially if you need rebounds. You know, this this also comes, you know, RJ Barrett very quietly averaging 27 minutes a game over the past 5 games. Hasn't been shooting very well. It's kinda turned back into RJ Barrett. Meanwhile, you have Josh Hart, stepping up. So, yeah, hearts definitely someone who, like you mentioned, we we we've seen it before. He's a nice start on a 4 game week for sure. Probably deserves to be on a roster. Shannon, someone we saw play last night. Yeah. And this this goes in along the line of of thinking the bulls are eventually just gonna throw in the towel. But Patrick Williams, 4th year wingman for the Chicago bulls, number 4 overall pick in the 2020 draft. We're starting to see kind of what life might look like for Patrick Williams if the Bulls move on from Zach LaVine and DeRozan as well. Over the past 3 games, all starts for Patrick Williams. He is averaging 33 minutes, 15 points, 4.3 rebounds, 1 steal, 1 block, and 1.73 pointers made. He's been solid for that team. You know, again, he is the guy who, you know, solid lately, but, up and down, inconsistent production. But he looked absolutely terrible in that blowout loss to the Celtics where the Celtics had to get into the tournament. Mhmm. It's ugly TOS, shot blocked at the rim multiple times. Couldn't get past Al Horford. But opportunity could be enormous when the Bulls finally give up on this roster. Yeah. He's 30 35% rostered right now on Yahoo. He is more of a, you know, more of a stash. You know, you could play him while while the Bulls are shorthanded right now. I think it's worth look. Who do you like better? Just Sumu or Patrick Williams, guys? Just Sumu or Williams? Are are you talking real life? Or I guess, fantasy over the next month. Well, over the next month. Maybe it's 2 weeks, I should say. Probably Patrick Williams. I mean, if you're asking me long term, like, if LaVine and DeRozan were to get traded, personally, I prefer Dasun Mu, but, they have different games. You know, DeSoumou would definitely be a better points league player. I can tell you that much at least. Yeah. I think Pat Williams has more short term upside, slightly higher floor. So I lean that way. Okay. We're going to my first long shot or my first my only long shot, our first long shot, which is Derek Rose. I can't believe I'm saying this name. What? What? I know. 9% rostered. So widely available. Started versus the Jazz the other night. Put up 14 points, 9 assists, and 4 rebounds in 27 minutes. When seeing at least 20 minutes a game this season, 15 points and 4 assists per game. They switch up their starting lineup to put him in the, to make him a starter. And, they I mean, they're they need an exorcism kinda like the kinda like the Pistons and the Wizards. So at Rose, these these look fine this season. Every time I watch a jazz game or or, excuse me, grizzlies game or see some highlights, maybe, you know, deeper than that a little bit, I just add them. Why not? Shannon, without cheating, how old do you think Derrick Rose is? Oh. 33? 35. I actually thought it was older. I thought it was 36, 36. I was yeah. I I thought it was a trick question, so I tried to go younger. I see. Sorry. He was 31 when he played with your Pistons. Oh, I forgot about that. That did happen. It's kinda like how I got reminded Deandre Jorgen played for the Knicks. I was like, what? Yeah. I guess that happened. Okay. Yeah. Go to your long shot, Ken. I'm repeating a long shot from earlier because he's still unrossed and playing even better. Isaiah Joe, for your not very well known OKC Thunder, he's rostered only 19% of leagues. Maybe there's more of a deeper league pick, but he has instant offense out, off the bench for the thunder. Great outside shooter. Helps with the force spacing. And I'll throw in here. We don't really know what's going on with Josh Giddey, if you know what I'm saying. Giddey up. Giddey up. Giddey up. So let's see. I could open up a ton of playing time for Joe if Giddey has some legal issues. Last seven games for Joe, over 14 points, over 3 and a half triples, shooting 55% from the field. His field goal percentage, considering it's almost all threes he's shooting, is amazing. 90% from the line, but doesn't get to go to the line too often. Even got, had a 3 steal block a 3 block night the other night, but he's averaging, just under 1 block and one steal a game. He ranks 48th in 9 category leagues per game over the last 14 days. Isaiah Joe is a solid deep league ad. I agree. He's a very good deep league ad. Need those threes for sure. Yeah. My my long shot of the week, David Roddy, Ford, Memphis, Grizzlies, 4% rostered. Definitely, more of a a deeper league option, 14 team plus. Roddy, Roddy, Piper, he came here to chew bubblegum and get buckets, and he's all out of bubblegum. Over the past 3 games, he is averaging 14.7 points, 4.7 rebounds, and 1 no. I'm sorry. 33 pointers made per game, taking 6, per per game as well from downtown. You know, he he started the most recent game for Memphis. Memphis have been kinda playing around with their starting lineup, especially at the small forward spot. You've had Concha get plugged in there, Zaire Williams, bunch of different options. I think Roddy could get a a pro you know, a prolonged look at the small forward spot. They did win against Utah in in Roddy's start. I don't expect them to go out there and have a huge production, but he can get you some threes and get you some points. And, you know, if you're in a 14, 16 team league and you're desperate, he's gonna be a streaming option, especially on weeks where they have, the Grizzlies have 4 games. Give us the better Roddy nickname. What is it? It's not a it's not a Roddy nickname. It's a Kenny Lofton Junior nickname, which is Snack Randolph. Snack Randolph. Big body Roddy is the other nickname. I think they got either, frankly. You know, you know, Ken, you're always talking about the beef brothers, the Washington Bullets. You got Roddy and Lofton down there. In Memphis eating barbecue. They should start those 2 just for giggles. Just for I just for jiggles. Just for jiggles. Just for jiggles. Just for jiggles and wiggle. Wiggle wiggle. Oh. Like a jiggle jiggle. Alright, Ken. We're going to our drop segment. Right? We have some drops questions. I don't know. Yeah. Well, Azor Thompson already came up. Jaden Ivy, is he dropped territory? I think so. Yeah. Yeah. It's tough. He he was, like, the 11th, player to to touch the floor for the Pistons last night. I don't believe he entered the game until the Q2 against the Knicks. I don't you know, also, Killian Hayes had a a great performance, back in the starting lineup and playing alongside Cade. I think Ivy is gonna be one of the scapegoats here. It's gonna be hard for him. Thompson, I'm more confident will see the starting rotation starting lineup again, mainly because I'd say it delivers. It's horrible. And Thompson has actually shown some upside and has long term value for the Pistons. But Ivy, it's getting harder and harder by the day to to think to envision him as a long term piece with this team, especially if Monty, is locked in as coach for multiple seasons. I apologize for suggesting Deandre Hunter is a drop a few weeks ago, but did not see the Johnson injury. So I would say he's not a drop. Looking to the comments about all the other drops and they come to mind for you. Well, you know, I'm I'm scrolling through some, you know, poor performing players with high roster percentages right now. Isaiah Stewart 61% roster. Unbelievable. Is that is that necessary? No, no, you don't you don't need to do that. That's a drops question. Andrew Wiggins is still 71% roster. Do you have a big game the other day? I get it. But if you're Even that big day was hollow points. It was just points. He didn't get any stocks. It was yeah. If you're in a 10 team points league, you know, you don't have to do that. Kevin Herter is 60% 66% rostered. I don't think we need to play that game, honestly. Malik Monk is just straight up better than him. Yeah. Tyus Jones is a guy we always get questions about. I it would if I I don't have him on any of my rosters, I would hate to drop him probably because I gave up, like, a 7th round pick for him. But he's But and, honestly, it's not like he's gonna get more opportunity. He's been playing terrible getting 30 plus minutes a night, you know, like, and a fast pace. Like, I I don't see what can happen where Jones turns it around. No. And any of those guys that Alex mentioned in that 60% range in 10 team leagues, I think you're better off streaming a player. You know, whoever the hot pickup is, whoever has 4 games that week, 12 team and deeper, that's another story. Most of those players are still gonna have some value. Outside of Kevin Herder and Isaiah Stewart, please, for the love of everything, just find a different option. While Shannon prepares for his special appearance in the old man rant section, I have a fan question for Alex. Alex, Duncan Robinson or Hawkez for the Miami Heat. That's actually that's that's a good question. I I would lean who would I lean actually? Robinson, I worry Robinson is mostly doing this because hero is out. You could also make the argument that, like, Hawkeyes is doing a lot of this because hero is out. Yeah. I think Hawkeyes is better. I would lean Hawkeyes. Could be a what you need question. Right? You need threes. Robinson's obviously your guy. Yeah. You need more, rebounds. Go hot. Right? If you yes. Especially if you're in a category league, that's the argument. I need threes to go Robinson. If you're in a points league or you're in a neutral environment in terms of value, I think haka is the guy. Is it is it time for our, vivid seats read before our Friday? Yes. Please tell us about our good friends at vivid seats. I would love to. Let's see here. On behalf of our friends at vivid seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk dribble and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because vivid seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, You can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visitvividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code ROTOWIRE for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vivid seats.com. Vivid Seats experience it live. That's code, r o t o w I r e. Okay, Alex and Shannon. Shannon, I will start with you. You had a little time to prep there, but please give us your DFS picks for the 6 game slate that is tonight. Yeah. It's actually a pretty hill hump slate. There there are some injuries to keep an eye on. Banchero with the magic is a game time decision. Looks like he he's leaning towards likely playing. Definitely check that before lineups lock. Booker, with Phoenix, Jamal Murray, Aaron Gordon with Denver, Wembley for the Spurs. Wembley is the the big one. That's the one I really wanna keep a close eye on because it'd be interesting to see what the Spurs do. Do they go with a smaller lineup and maybe reinsert Devon Vassell, into the the starting lineup, or do they have someone like Charles Bassi, play minutes at the 4? Yeah. It's it's gonna give a boost to basically everyone on that team. Kelvin Johnson, Vassell, Sohan, who's coming off that gigantic game that we mentioned earlier. Guys, especially Sohan, and and Vassell, 5,600 on FanDuel for Sohan, Vassell, 65. Zach Collins, who was mentioned earlier also, very attractive, salary for tonight's slate. I like all those guys. And if Bassi somehow is named the starter, of course, he'll be a solid option as well. Mhmm. Yeah. How how about this Washington Orlando game? It's a 2 37a half. I kinda like Jalen Suggs after he put up 22 against the Wizards a couple nights ago. Yeah. This is a rematch, which to me, those games are always interesting. I I think the team that lost generally has more of an advantage because they're they're they're game planning, but we're also talking about the Washington wizards here. And this this game this game, you know, has earned the over under. Excuse me. 139, 120 was the final score of the last game. Yeah. I mean, Suggs I I I think Suggs is a fine place. He's got a ton of steals upside. Cole Anthony also popped off for 25, 65. I just don't think they have anybody. The Wizards don't have anybody to really check anybody on Orlando's backcourt. Right for the Wizards. Right? All their defense is gone. Yeah. Yeah. Their defense isn't there. You know, and on the Wizards side, I mean, do you trust anybody on this team besides Danny Avdi on Kyle Kuzma? And do you even really trust Avdi? So, yeah, I mean, I would I would think about Kuzma just because he's I think Kuzma's having a really, really nice season this year. Like, he has looked awesome. I wish he was on a winning team because I think he would look great, for for them, but that's that's why we're getting a ton of those only decent player on a horrible team points that someone's gotta shoot and he wouldn't be getting those shots. I I mean, from a DFS, standpoint as well, like, on FanDuel, Kuzma, 79100. So he's under $8,000, for tonight's slate. He's had some monster games. I mean, just looking at the past 6 outings, 3 of those, he's topped 50 points. 52, 60, 57 fantasy points. He's had some gigantic games. He's one of the only players on that roster, if not the only one, who's averaging well above 30 minutes per game. Most of these other guys like Jones and Poole, Gafford, who we all expected to break out. You know, one of the reasons why they're not breaking out is because they routinely play under 30 minutes in these games. Kuzma is the guy who's still getting all of the run he can handle, averaging well, even he is only at 31 minutes per game, but very, very productive. Best best season of his career by far, averaging a career high 4.8 assists. Not doing anything on defense, but you gotta stay on brand if you're the Cougs, so I get that. How cheap is d Rose tonight on FanDuel? He's getting started again. Yeah. Under 5,000. 48 or 49. So both Derrick Rose and our boy, Roddy, Rowdy Piper. What what's the the the Roddy body, or whatever that is? Big body Roddy. Big body Roddy. The snack brother. You know, either 1. 40 46 100 for for Roddy and, 48 or 49 for Derrick Rose. So both of those guys are options as well. I I am interested to see if Derrick Rose maybe has the night off because it is the 2nd day of a back to back. But I think both are are worthy of consideration if you're looking for value options. We also have has that look on his face like, can someone help me? Please. Someone. We have, we have Orlando, Washington. We mentioned it with the highest over under, but New Orleans, San Antonio is not that far behind at 2:36. New Orleans expected to score the same amount of points as Orlando. So I think that's worth looking into. Zion is coming off a monster game, the other night against the Joel Embiidless, late scratch 70 sixers and be an illness. McCollum's return was that game. Are you looking anywhere on the Pelicans, Shannon, or are you a little worried about the McCollum return cutting into guys, usage rates? Yeah. With with McCollum's return, I do worry a little bit about Ingram. And and McCollum looked great in his in his, return as well. You know, 39 fancy points in only 28 minutes. You gotta assume those minutes will go up a little bit in game 2. Like you mentioned, Zion had a gigantic game. Valentin has had a silo solid game as well. But but Ingram, you know, 15 points, 4 rebounds, 6 assists, only 30, 33.8 fantasy points in 35 minutes. You know, he he had seen a nice increase in usage and production with, CJ out, but Ingram Ingram's the guy I worry about more just because he he thrives most when he has the ball in his hands more. And when CJ McCollum is playing, obviously, that doesn't happen as much. We have a really low over under 217 and a half Toronto versus the Knicks. When you, I mean, when you see an over under that low Shannon, is that almost a complete stay away for you unless there's, like, just crazy injury value or something like that? It's it's not completely. I mean, one, because I think this tee I think this game could, blow past that over considerably. I mean, with the you had the Knicks play last night. They gave up you know, that game was a 230, point total, 112 to 118 win over the Pistons. You gotta assume the Knicks are gonna be somewhat tired. They're traveling to Toronto from New York to Toronto for that second half of a back to back. So I you know, I could go either way. Right? It's either the both teams, it's a slow paced game and both teams fall, you know, fall dead, fall fall flat, and don't really explode. But I I'm getting the hint that this game will be a little bit different than that. I I'd like it to go well past that over. And as a result, I like some of the Knicks and Raptors. I think Randall, who who has really picked up his play lately, he's back to back 50 plus point fantasy outings. Bronson, just a gigantic game last night against the Pistons. That that also after D'Angelo Russell and Bronson put a back to back monster performances against the Pistons. I would say, please target those, those scoring point guards that play against Detroit moving forward if you wanna get some some big performances in your DFS lineups. But, you know, I like I like the New York side with Randall and Brunson again tonight even though it is the 2nd game of back to back. And then Schroeder, Anunoby, even Siakam, and Barnes. Those guys are for how productive they've been and what their ceiling is for an individual game. Their their their prices, their salaries on FanDuel are are pretty discounted. So I like any of them if if you're just looking for that extra roster filler. Anybody else you wanna highlight or low light, Shannon, before we move on? Let's move on and wrap this up. Well, we are we are wrapping it up with a gold man rant, but it's not from Ken. It's from you, Shannon. The Detroit Pistons just completed the most worthless month of NBA basketball ever. They redefined no nut November. 0 wins for the month. 16 straight losses. This team is now 217 on the season. Since the all star break last year, 4 and 40. It was cute. It was cute at that time. You know? Last year, you had Cade sitting out. He was out with injury. By by post all star break, Bogdanovic was shut down. Stewart was shut down. So, like, oh, great. We could see Ivy and Duran get some extra run. Get excited about the future once all the other pieces are healthy. There is no future. There is no future. Monty Williams, highest paid coach in NBA history. He is a worthless bum. Do you know who his do you know who his assistant coach is? Steven Silas, Rockets' coaching legend. So even if they decide to move on from Monty Williams in an unprecedented move after tossing him 70 or $80,000,000, they're gonna move after tossing them 70 or $80,000,000, they're gonna fall back to Steven Silas as the interim coach. No. That's not gonna happen. And and all of this, this is all star. Yeah. Anything, man. Bring back SVG. Bring back Dwayne Casey. Anything is better than what we have right now, but it's worse. It goes above Monty Williams. He's a nut. He doesn't know what he's doing. But above him, Troy Weaver, just an absolute clown. Arndt Hallum, former former NBA player agent who somehow works in a free agent, in a NBA front office. And guess who works underneath those 2 guys? Their children. Their sons. But the necro babies run-in this team. None of them know a damn thing. Burn it to the ground. It's at the point where we're we're gonna be close to it. Trading Cade as the only option to do anything at all. He was supposed to be the savior, number 1 overall pick. Get lucky 1 year with those lotto balls. This is a, historically, a proud franchise. 1 of the better franchises in NBA history. 7th most playoff wins in NBA history. 1 of 7 teams with 3 or more NBA championships. Pissed and swag. I got pissed and sweatpants on. Got it all. This hat's older than Alex. I would never he's not not not an exaggeration. This hat is older than Alex. It is from the mid eighties. I remember Kelly Tripuka's mustache. Oh. I remember the bad boys. I remember the going to work Pistons. John Cena. We have Pistons fans who are only a handful of years younger than Alex who think this team has just always been garbage. Yeah. It's always been the the dregs of the NBA. I was mocked in a in a neighborhood fantasy football text thread by some of my neighbors. One of them one of whom is a Washington Wizards fan. Mocking. Claiming the NBA needs to needs to retract, get rid of teams, starting with the Pistons. Alright. It's time to burn it down, please. Oh, that was a that was a nice concise Pistons rant. Thank you. She does. Ryan says you forgot the r. I know. But, otherwise, genius genius genius rant. Ken, real real depression is quiet. So yeah. True. It's not it's it's beyond depression. It's sadness on a whole another level. Alright, guys. Do we mispronounce any names today's episode? I don't think so. There's a little Roddy Roady confusion, but, you know, it's we're talking about players 4% roster. Get get double digit roster before we pronounce your name, David. Okay. Thank you everybody for joining us on the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. It is presented by underdog. Vivid Seats. Ken, take us out of here. Well, let's go back to Detroit and New York where business head coach Bonnie Williams said this about 3rd last night's 118, 112 road loss to the Knicks, quote, I saw the fight and resiliency we can build on. Like to point out, the Pistons were the first team to lose an entire full month, in the last 8 years. Does this quote mean we might be seeing more of Isaiah Livers and Killian Hayes on the starting lineup? Anyway, attention, passengers. This 3 car, fantasy, train wreck has hit the end of the line.