Welcome everybody to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by Underdog Fantasy and FanDuel. It is Friday, January 26, Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken K train crates. All aboard. We had the All Star starters announced last night in the East, yanis, embiid Tatum, Lillard and Halliburton in the West LeBron. That's James. Jokic KD, Luca and SGA Shannon as is tradition. Is there anybody that you think was either snubbed or maybe you just would have preferred to see as an all star or one person that you think maybe doesn't deserve to be there. Yeah. I I think in general, all 10 all 10 starters, definitely deserve, the the the nomination. I the only one I really have any qualms about is Lillard. He's having a fine year for Milwaukee in his 1st year as a buck, but there are 2 east cars. Yeah. I I actually, Donovan Mitchell would be my number one choice to to replace Lillard and then Jalen Brunson. So so one of those two guards, I think, would be more deserving than Dame Damian Lillard, but solid collection. Probably, you know, arguably, the 10 best players in the league or 10 of the 12 best players in the league are in the starting lineup. So it's hard to really nitpick any of those options. Yeah. I mean, I'm a Bucks fan. I don't I don't hate the idea of either Mitchell or of, Brunson being there. I mean, again, Lillard's been good. Just he's Damian Lillard. He's only gonna be so disappointing to an extent. Ken, you still hate this all star game? I remember we used to we you and I did, like, a social media breakout one time where I'm like, I love all star weekend, slam dunk contest. Sign me up. You were like, no. This is a joke. It's a joke. No defense. I don't want anybody getting hurt. It just I don't even like to watch it. It's a good time to do chores around the house. It it definitely has become less and less watchable. I will I will give you that. Like, I just I almost feel like I have it on in the background at this point. Like, I'm on my phone, you know, and, Accumming, I don't care. Just get something done with this garbage is on the air. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, the I'm I mean, I'm still looking forward to all star weekend, but, mostly for the break. For the lack of injury reporting? Exactly. And, hopefully, we can get some good participants in the, slam dunk contest. I don't even know if that's been out. Have any none of those have been announced, have they? Like, 3 points slam dunk. Yeah. We'll see. Okay. Let's go get some real basketball, Ken. Yeah. Let's go to New York where Spike Lee's Knicks blew out the Nuggets last night. 122 to 84 at MSG. UJ Anunoby with 26 points and 6 steals, all Knicks starters, plus or better in point differential. Knicks won this despite still being without Isaiah Hartenstein again. Achilles issued. So he's missed 2 games, and, of course, Robinson's out for the year. The Nuggets did have a day of rest, but it was the end of a 5 game road trip. And Denver did go 3 and 2. Alex and Shannon, any reason for concern for the Nuggets? Yes and no. I mean, they still can't win road games. They're 14 and 11 on the road. We always know their better at home. There's a championship hangover thing that makes me not as worried where I think, you know, they they know they need to coast this year compared to last year a little bit more. At the same time, to me, this is almost more about the Knicks. Like, how good they've looked since OG Anandobi got there. OG Anandobi's point differential is still an absolutely insane plus 44 per 100 possessions. Have never seen a number like that for this long of a stretch. So I to me, this is more about the Knicks. Yeah. I I agree there. With with Denver, I mean, they're they have 31 wins. That's the the 2nd highest total in the Western Conference, a game and a half behind Minnesota, half a game behind the Thunder. I'm not really worried, and the Nuggets just had a big road win against Boston recently. So, you know, they're the only team I I believe that has beat Boston at home. Correct. So it's hard for me to really, you know, give give the Nuggets any grief here. The Knicks have been outstanding since OG has joined the team. You know, it's I actually expected OG's line to be better as a Knick, compared to his time with with the Raptors this year. He's doing he is overall doing a much better fantasy player, primarily because his his efficiency has increased. He he's gone from 49% to 51 from the floor, 71% to 88.6 from the free throw line, and then 11.83 pointers down a little bit from what he had in Toronto. But at the defense fed, 1.8 steals and 1.2 blocks per game as a Nick. Just crushing it for the for New York. I I really am surprised, but he's, he's kinda taken that leap. But hopefully, he can keep that up to only 13 games. If he holds that value, he's like a top 40 fantasy player. Yeah. Yeah. Alex, take us to Miami, sir. Well, I'm gonna I'm gonna toss it to you pretty quickly because it was Boston that extinguished Miami, 143 to 110 heat. Oh, and 2 since the rosier trade, but I'll I'll let you, wax poetic about what you saw. Well, I want Shannon's take on the scary cherry scary Terry trade to Miami. I'll tell you what it would solve and it freaked me out was Kristaps Porzingis falling like a broken chair, left the game early in an ugly fall. He stepped on Bam Adebayo's foot, rolled his ankle, but it would look panicky at first, but he did come back in his sweatsuit. Postgame, he said, hey. I could have played if we needed to, but, you know, we had a big lead. I'm sure they'll still give him the next game off, but, I got a little nervous about losing the unicorn. But I think, you know, if if you've got, the unicorn on your fantasy team, you're used to these frequent one game misses. There's probably another one coming. But my goodness, they blew out the heat in Miami, which is good to see after last year's Eastern Conference finals. Yeah. I mean, this was one of the games where Boston actually went full strength. Right? They've been resting guys, taking turns All in. With who you with who has a a seat on a given night. But they had a full strength total roster available last night, and and they dominated Miami. I am not you know, I think the acquired Terry Rozier was a great trade for Miami. You know, they gave up Kyle Lowry's contract and a 1st round pick. Scary Terry's, it's gonna take some time. He's a ball dominating guard. They already have some some players like that who need the ball in their hands, Tyler Herro and Jimmy Butler, even Hawkes to to an extent, although he's been out. But I I just think it adds this team. It may one, it makes the starting lineup better. They're Terry Rozier is a much better basketball player than Kyle Lowry at their respective stages of their careers. And it gives them more depth because now you have Josh Richardson, Caleb Martin, Duncan Robinson, maybe Hawkez. We'll see where once he's healthy, if he comes off the bench or if he replaces Highsmith in the lineup in the starting lineup. But it gives them a legit 8, 9 man depth rotation of very solid players. So I like Miami and the move for Miami overall. I just think it's gonna take some time for the chemistry to build. I'll say this for the heat. You know, they're on 5 game losing streak, and Hawkeyes has been out for 6 games. So he's missed all 5 of those losses. I think he's a critical part of this heat rotation. They should move Hawkeyes in the starting lineup in my opinion, or at least make sure he's getting plus 27 minutes a game. I think there's a good chance he starts over high. Smith wants healthy. Yep. Alright. Let's go to Golden State. Last night, the Kings beat the warriors in a thriller. Kings, Kings 1, 134, 133. Harrison Barnes, 39 points. His second straight, 30 plus point scoring night. And fantasy wise, Wiggins got to start again for the warriors. He went 174 and 4 and 31 minutes. So Wiggins slowly earning legit minutes for the warriors. Shannon's, I think you pointed out last week's show, but back to the Kings after a 4 game slide, they won 2 in a row. Is the arrow pointing up for Sacramento, gentlemen? You know, sort of, I mean, like, they Barnes is, you'll have one of these games once in a while, right? He'll score 39 and they'll score 8 and they'll score 12 and then that's how it'll go. 7, but he's last night. So a little fortunate from behind the arc. Right? Yeah. It's how I mean, it's helped that Kevin Hurders playing better. I mean, that's that's a big part of it. He was so bad throughout last stretch of the season for those who have, rot, you know, drafted him in fantasy. But over the past 5 games, he's averaging 17 points, 50% from 3, that'll help. But that's that's big for them. I think they should be a team probably looking to add at the trade deadline. I don't think what they have is enough. But it may be tough to get there without giving up basically either all the picks they have or Keegan Murray. They're bench after monk gets thin. Yeah. I highly doubt they would they would be interested in moving Keegan Murray at all. Harrison Barnes, I think I'm the only person who rostered Harrison Barnes in their DFS lineup last night and did not cash. Oh my god. 3.3.5% rostered on DraftKings, 53 fantasy points, had them in my forward spot, and somehow did not cash. You know? Even even I don't know what's going on, guys. But Harrison Barnes is, in flayo from downtown right now, so we'll see if it carries on for a 3rd straight game. Alex, tell us about our good friends at underdog fantasy. I will. Just as soon as I open back up the document that I accidentally closed. Here it is. Underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA basketball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code RW NBA. That's promo code RW nba. Visitunderdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today. Use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. That's code rwnba. It's now time for the fan feedback, answer questions, and, we're not getting any questions. We're getting a lot of all star chatter. We've answered everybody's questions. I mean, we Apparently. Apparently. What do we got here? Oh, here's one. Is Jabari Walker of your Portland Trail Blazers a pickup now option? Thank you for the question, James clutch. Is he a pickup? I mean, look, I think what, you know, we talked about him and I think it was last week's pod, maybe. Yes, briefly and the Portland's on a 4 game week. He's a very intriguing prospect. Portland is terrible. I think they're gonna continue giving him minutes. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with that assessment. I you know, he hasn't like like you said, we recommended him last week, to that extent. I think, like, 12 team or deep 12 teamers, 14 teamers, I think he's absolutely worth picking up. In in 10 teamers, it's a little bit more complicated because his minutes are gonna fluctuate a little bit. I mean, even if you look at his most recent starting stretch, it's 6 games in a row that he started. And he's bounced around. He has 41 minutes, 1 game, 22 to the next, 34. He's had some decent games, a couple double doubles, but he's not crushing it with, like, defensive stats. He is hitting 3 pointers. You know, over those the 6 game stretch of the starter, 30 minutes, 10.5 points, 8.8 rebounds, only only half of stock per game, and 1.23 pointers. Percentages are okay, 47% and 75. To me, in in a 10 team league, if it's a 4 game week or something you wanna stream them, that might make sense, for as long as he's starting. But I I I think he's more of a 12 team or 14 team target. K. And one last, one, from our friend, Mal, asks, Grayson Allen or scary Terry rest of season? Oh, wow. That's not that's not a question I would have really considered, but I think it is I think it is. I think it's yeah. It's a legit question at this point. So I I don't know if we mentioned it from the heat game. Rozier in his first game, 9 points, 4 rebounds, 5 assists, 2 steals. In his second game, he started 7 points, 2 rebounds, 3 assists, 1 steal, took 11 shots in the 1st game. 10 shots in the second game. He did not fit their he didn't he shot 3 of 10. Mostly, he doesn't know their offense yet. Like, he was a little clear. He wasn't sure what he was doing. He was trying to create his own shot off the the dribble, which is what they need, but it was like boss. Boston has the 2 best defensive guards in the league, and they proved it with a confused Rozier who wasn't sure where he was supposed to be on the court all night. I would rather have Rozier, like like, can't aluga to, I think he was trying to figure in the matchup wasn't very good. They also got smoked by Memphis the game before, but Memphis very quietly playing pretty well lately. But yeah, Rozier go ahead. Hey. I'm going scary, Terry as well. Yeah. I mean, we we like Grace now, and we've talked about him quite a bit this season multiple times on our waiver wire section. He's a good fit with Phoenix. He's producing well. He's providing fancy value, especially for, like, 12 team leagues. He's a no brainer to roster. But Scary Terry has more upside, and that's where I'm leaning. You know, I expect basically, whatever production Kyle Lowry had last the last season or 2 with Miami, I expect Gary Terry to match. Maybe maybe a few less assists. You know, in 21, 22, Lowry averaged 7.5 assists per game. I don't think Gary Terry will get there. But can he give you 12, 13 points per game, 5 assists, a couple 3 pointers? Yes. I think you can. And to me, that overall value is gonna top what Grace Nalin, provides. Alright. One last question. In Washington, higher ceiling for Bilal Kolobali with the new head coach in place in Washington. I would say maybe, I look, kulabali is just now to polished offensive Flair. His 3 point shot. He's been hitting them pretty well. 38% from 3, pretty surprising given what he did and he wasn't that good of a shooter overseas. He's also a 66% free pro shooter. To to me, a higher ceiling would probably come from, like, just playing more, like playing, like, 35 minutes instead of, like, 26 minutes. Maybe they trust him a little more offensively, but as long as Thijs Jones, Jordan Poole, Dani Alvia, Kyle Kuzma, as long as these guys are around and handling the ball, there's just not that much usage for Koulibaly. Shot an ugly over 5 last night on 29 minutes a run. The minutes are there, but you should they could kill your percentages. I I do think the upside's a little bit higher, just because he by default, this team this team will move a couple pieces before the trade deadline. They you know, it might not be, Adia. It it might not be Kuzma kind to be determined. I highly doubt it's full, but they will move a piece or 2, 1 of their 1 or 2 of their veteran pieces before the trade deadline. That will open up more playing time for Tula Bali. So I do think he has more upside rest of season than what we've seen so far. And, you know, with the fact that he in the past week, he has a 4 block game. He has a 3 steal game. So he could provide a lot of upside in the defensive category specifically. Alright. And with that, gentlemen, Alex, take us to the waiver wire. The waiver wire is here. 2 regular picks and one long shot is how this works typically for us on the way for wire show. Although I think a couple of us have some longer shots than usual. Like, I have 2 long shots. I think everybody else does close to as well. I'm just gonna jump right into it. Nick Richards of the Charlotte Hornets who is 33% rostered. I was shocked, you know, like a cartoon with the eyes come out of the sockets, that he was only 33% rostered. I again, how am I even recommending him? He he had, like, 7 okay games in a row, like, where he only averaged 8 points on 60% shooting with, like, 8 rebounds and a block. He got hurt for 4 days. I think everyone was, like, I don't need this. Please add him. Mark Williams is quote not close to returning. In Charlotte Hornet speak, that means his career is over. As a starter for Nick Richards, 9 points, 9 boards, 1.5 blocks, 65% shooting, 71% from the line. Not bad if you're in a cat league in rostering centers. Hornets have 4 games next week. This is a this you'd you just have to add him. Yeah. And Yeah. I'm with you I'm with you on that. And Nick Richards missed 3 games, but returned and had a great, outing against Detroit, one of his, you know, first 2010 game of the season. Yeah. And great great, yeah, great percentages lately. Ken, who's your waiver wire suggestion? I'm gonna ride the Harrison Barnes roller coaster for a week. Hey. He's having a terrible season, but he's exploded for 39 points Thursday. Had 30 had 32 points on Monday. He seems really old, but he's only 31. Kings score a 118.7. Basically, a 119 points per game that ranks 7th in the association. They've been picking up the pace lately. Kings have 4 games next week, so I'm in for a 1 week stream of Harrison Barnes just to see if he keeps this heater going. Ken, I I just wanna I wanna let everybody know that, Ken is one of our sales guys at Rota Wire, and he started off his Harrison Barnes take with, hey, this guy sucks. But, setting expectations early, getting the negative eye of the way, I love it. This is freaking the wolf of Wall Street over here. But, no, I think I think that's fine, Kent. Barnes is one of those guys who on 4 game weeks, you have him off the waiver wire. If he's gonna shoot, then when he times the game Yeah. Add the guy and see what happens. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? They won the last 2 after losing 4 in a row. Maybe they're just giving them a real bright green light. I'm willing to try it for a week. Absolutely. Shannon. My first recommendation of the week is a guy we talked about numerous times this year. His roster percentage, is trending up in a big way even in the past, 12 hours about he's gained about 10%. Jonathan Kamminga is now 60% rostered forward for the Golden State Warriors. He has absolutely been thriving since, moving back to the bench role. We've got Draymond Green back with this team now. He over the past week, Kuminga is a top 10 player with averages of 25.6 points, 6.2 rebounds, 1.2 steals, and 1.83 pointers. He had a giant game against the Kings last night. That's, like, 3 giant games in a row. He's absolutely worth rostering. Golden State does only have 3 games in the next week, but I think you scoop up Kuminga and just ride them for as long as he stays hot. Yeah. Kuminga, you know, he complained to Steve Curry's like, I don't I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't know. My role is and he's been praying pretty well since then. I don't know if him and Kirk, I sit down and get just it started working. But and I don't know if you, if you mentioned this young and I'm sorry. I was reading some some great comments. We got like I had Scott angle, Agard Barnes last night knows, he'll cut them in 2 more games. Kuminga, 22 straight games with double digit points, on 59% shooting. Excellent. So yeah. Definitely definitely add Kuminga. Think they could be showcasing Wiggins a little and move them before the deadline and get Kuminga back in the starting lineup? You know, I I I'm kind of confused. Like, I I I go back and forth of what I think Golden State's gonna do because I don't know if Wiggins is tradable. I just, I think he's like a negative asset. I think you have to actually dump him to somewhere. In baseball, you'd say, we'll we'll pay him 80%. Now take them. Right. And then Yeah. Yeah. Right. And it's, like, part of the reason their bag is because he's bad. So it's like, do you have to trade Kuminga? And then I so I don't know. But I don't know. I know a team that would actually probably they have the Cavs Gates and Rowan Moses Moody. So they're on Moody with them. Maybe that's appealing, you know, Moody and Wiggins. Yeah, some text. Yeah. Detroit Pistons will see 2nd rounders to the Pistons. Yeah, they take a shot on cheap eventually. Speaking of taking a shot, Jon Concharre of the Memphis Grizzlies. I wanted to recommend Luke Kennard, but I'm pretty sure I recommended him last week. He's only 30 Yeah. He's only 33% rostered. Kennard is 4% rostered. Conchar is. So this is pretty much a deep league suggestion. He's coming off, an 11, 10, 2 assists, 1 rebound excuse me. 1 steal, 1 block double double. The game before that, he had 5 blocks. The game before that, he had 6 assists. Past 4 games for Kanchar, 664 with 2.5 stocks. I don't know why he is sogginly to Kembe Mutombo despite being and I double checked this 6 foot 5, £210. The grizzlies have 4 games this week. Like I say, huge, huge portion of this. If you are in a 16 team league, he is edible because there's 4 games, and he's shown stuff lately. Someone must legally play for the Memphis Grizzlies. Yes. They need the roster. They need to put 5 players on the court. And again, Luke Kennard is the preferred ad by recommending him last week. So if you're in a deep league, Konchar. Well, as long as we're talking all star snubs, Vince Williams. Come on. You gotta get him on there. Vince Williams. I do love me some Vince Williams, though, but what if you If if you only listen to Fantasy Basketball you would think Vince Williams is averaging, like, 25 a game. Alright. I'm gonna bring up our cover guy who, frankly, is probably not available in your league, but make sure Brandon Miller of your Charlotte Hornets is not available on the waiver wire. You gotta check. On Wednesday morning, he was available in 50% of leagues. He then shot up to 69% rostered on Thursday afternoon. When I checked Friday morning, it's up to 70% rosters, but Miller is on fire. He's getting big scoring opportunities with scary Terry now in Miami. This team's building around Ball, Miller, and Mark Williams if he ever is able to walk again. Just make sure Miller's not available. Spend that fad if you're in a weekly, budget, free agent bidding league. Over the last 7 days, he's a top 25 player. He's lighting it up, and he's finally getting stocks. Kind of a weird it's it's the opposite of the rookie wall. We're seeing a late blossoming of Brandon Miller as they're giving him a lot of shots in Charlotte. And I think Ball's making his life a little easier having a legit point guard versus maybe more a little scattered, Rozier makes things easier for a traditional wing like Miller. Yeah. With Gordon Hayward out, Scary Terry out of town. Yeah. You know, basically makes Miller the the number 2 or number 3 scoring option for Charlotte in most games, you know, depending on if if Bridges is is is lightening up that game, and Bridges might not be long for Charlotte. So Yep. You know, Miller Miller's value should only go up from here over the past week. Top 25 player. Yeah. Here's his 4 game stats. 20 over 24 points, 6 and a half boards, almost 3 assists, and 1.3 stocks with fabulous percentages. The percentages is the shocker. He couldn't hit the broadside of a barn first half of the season. For the last four games, he's been hitting 57%. Ball probably deserves some of the credit for that. Shannon, who's your second pick? You're bringing back a pod favorite. Yeah. Gunnar from Phoenix, Sam Merrill, guard, 24% rostered, top 60 player over the past week, just crushing it from downtown, 5.7 threes per game, 3 rebounds, 3 assists, 18.7 points, over the past few games. Cleveland has 4 games next week. We know what Sam Merrill is that those 5.73 pointers seem like it's an inflated number, but he's, you know, he should his normal click, he he's right around 50% over that stretch. He's just a volume 3 point guy. He's going to get tons of looks from downtown. Yeah. Over the past 3 games, 12 attempts per game on 47% shooting. That's that's not, unsustainable from a guy like like Merrill. I you know, I don't think there's much value outside of that 3 pointer, and it's gonna come and go. But right now, he fits the need for Cleveland. If you're in the market for Sam Merrill, Luke Kennard, same type of players, similar value. I think I I think I prefer Kennard a little bit more because his role with that battered Memphis team is a little bit more secure. But Merrill's that next option for you. The Garland news. Alex, you got any update on Darius Garland coming back from that broken jaw soon? Yeah. It's supposed to be soon. I mean, I at the end of this month, it was like the original dates, but it sounds like, again, it's one of those things where it's like, if you have a broken jaw, it's hard to eat. You can't condition pain as a thing. So I won't be surprised if the if the injury drags on maybe a little bit longer than than was hoped just it's a pretty serious injury. So the current current stance is he was cleared for basketball activity around January 19th, ruled out of the 4 game road trip that Cleveland was on at the time. Yeah. They're gonna return to home January 29th against the Clippers. So we're looking at Monday night. He could return as soon as next week. But did they also I they don't even need to rush him back. They don't lose anymore. So, like, he's been playing great. Jared Allen has been awesome lately, down low without Mobley. Anyway, we digress. Whose turn is it for a pick here? It's my we digress. Whose turn is it for a pick here? I think it's my turn. I think it is. You got a second long shot, don't you, Alex? I do. Sorry. I was looking up Brandon Miller stats. I was like, how is he? Brandon Miller hasn't missed a shot at the rim in the past 4 games, by the way. 12 of 12, and getting to the foul line. I owe the Chicago Bulls, someone I almost swore I would never recommend again. But, this is how this is how this works. Zach LaVine's out for another week, so you're fairly safe there. Tasunmu, finally showing some aggression scoring the basketball. 15 points on 605094 shooting. Yes. That will come down, but he's taken at least 2 free throws in every game, which is for him a massive accomplishment. Also, 3 assists, 2 and a half boards, 1.7 stocks. This is partially a recommendation because you have the trade deadline coming up, and, you know, LaVine, DeRozan, all these guys are they're on the block. They're in the ether. And so DeSoumbu is playing well. His teammates could get traded. You never know. Worth exploring. Bulls with 3 games, so it's not necessarily like a must add in 12 to you know, it like, it doesn't have to be a main priority in 12 teamers. But it is one of only 8 teams with 3 games this week as a heads up. Interesting. I was tempted by Dasanu, but the 3 games Yeah. Scared me off. So I went really boring with the Italian, Stallion, Simone, Fotecchio playing for Utah, still starting at small forward for those guys. Utah has 4 games next week. Look. He's not particularly good in any one facet of the game, but he's kind of a poor man's, Kelly Olynyk, doing okay everywhere to, last 4 games. He scored in double digits in each of those 4 games. He's averaged 12 and a half points, almost 6 rebounds, almost 3 triples, over 2 assists while shooting 56% from the field. The volume is never gonna be there for Fontecchio, but, again, consistent in almost every category, and the Jazz have 4 games next week. Only Ross has 13% of leaks. I'm I'm 2 for 2 betting on Fontecchio over 3 pointers bet. So I'm absolutely with you, Ken. He's a monster. Making you Benjamins. Yes. Shannon, let's go to your your long shot. Yeah. My long shot, we're gonna go with another rookie. Amen Thompson. I I just can't get over my infatuation with both, of the twins. I think they're fantastic. Their stock upside just intrigues me to no end. Amen. For for the Rockets is rostered 20% of of leagues right now. He's he's been a top 100 player over the past week, which did include one spot start when when Freddie Van Fleet was rested for a game. Over the past 6 games, Thompson is averaging 9.2 points, 6.5 rebounds, 2.2 assists, and 2.1 stocks. In that one spot start as well, we really saw everything you could do. 15 points, 14 rebounds, 5 assists, 1 steal. Did it was o for 2 from downtown. Like his brother, he's still trying to find that, long range stroke, but he is an across the board contributor when he gets the minutes. He is now firmly a part of the Rockets rotation, and this Rockets team is somewhat, you know, tumbling down the standings. They're 37 over their past 10. I would not be surprised if especially if they keep losing, if they move a veteran or 2 and free up minutes for some of their young young guys, including Thompson for the stretch run. They should absolutely do that. Yeah. Alright, guys. Let's end with any drop suggestions. I'm gonna throw out Cam Johnson. Nets only have 3 games next week, one of 8 teams with only 3 games. He's averaging 9 points a contest over his last 7 games. That that looked like a fabulous trade for the Nets last year, but, it's not really working out as well. So I think Cam Johnson's very droppable. You guys have any other drops? Cam Cam's a hold for me in 12 and 14 teamers. 10 teamers? Absolutely. I think he's worth there there's better streaming options available. Yeah. I don't I yeah. We got asked about Cam Johnson on on Nick and I, and I was like, yeah. Ten team points league. You don't have to drop him. You can. It's kinda borderline, but I got I got one for you. Josh Giddey. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I he was on my bus list for going into the season. He just doesn't fit that offense as well. They need a more of a pure shooter in that spot. He drives too much, and he doesn't get fouled when he drives the hoop. I would say if you're at points leagues, points based leagues, I like him quite a bit more. Yeah. Yeah. He he does worry me with some of his efficiency, and and over the past 3 games, for instance, only shooting 40% from the floor and 50% from the free throw line. Here's here's our other drop candidate. All the others on the Mavericks, the Mavs have 3 points, 3 games next week. Who's been playing well outside of their star guards has wildly oscillated, week to week. So I think if you have one of the others on the Mavs, you can drop them. Alright. With that, I think it's time to, hear from our good friends at FanDuel. Yes. FanDuel who sponsors our Friday NBA DFS chat, which will be coming up later in the show. But let's talk NFL playoffs. Hey. You can tackle 1,000,000 and prizes all playoffs long in FanDuel fantasy contests. If you're new to fantasy, there's no better time than the NFL playoffs to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match of up to a $100. Play Fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel. It's fun, and it's exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. Now I know for this weekend, I'm kinda big on Brock Purdy against the Lions past defense. But, Shannon, who are you eyeing FanDuel NFL playoff lineups? How dare you, Ken? I like the lion stack. Give me the Jared Goff sun god stack at quarterback and receiver. They they are projected to be one of the Goff in particular is projected to be one of the lower, rostered QBs. And, of course, Detroit's gonna pull off the upset. Love it. Love it. Hey. On FanDuel, you can choose from full slate contests featuring multiple games, single game contests, season long best ball contests, and beginner only contests, which are great for those learning the ropes. And when you win, you get paid instantly. So kick off the football playoffs with a 100% deposit match of up to $100 Go to FanDuel.com to start playing for huge cash prices today. And with that, gentlemen, please take it away for the FanDuel Friday DFS segment. There are 8 games today. The highest over unders are Dallas at Atlanta. Although there are some injuries in that game, 244a half. We also have Phoenix at Indiana 243a half. Was kinda surprised to see Phoenix only favored by 4a half. They've been cooking lately. But as I mentioned at Dallas and Atlanta, Kyrie Irving questionable for this game. Trae Young, Clint Capela, both questionable for this game. So a little hard to evaluate right off the top, but we have a decent string of games where there are seemingly no injuries. Actually, it's a a fairly light slate right now in terms of questionable and doubtful and probable guys. So on this slate, Shannon, where are you turning 1st? Yeah. I mean, the first game of interest is going to be that top over under with Dallas and Atlanta. And the Trae Young and Capella news are, you know, they loom heavy over our heads when we're making these roster decisions because each player has, like, an obvious alternative that you're gonna turn to for DFS. You have Jontay Murray at point guard. Also Bogdanovic. You have both of those players see a nice bump when Trae Young sits. And then Capella, if he's out, obviously, we go with Okangwu. He he would be one of my absolute favorite plays. He's 61100 on FanDuel. Pretty expensive, given his his role coming off the bench. But if Okangwu starts for Capella, I think he's still worth that. And then on DraftKings, Okangwu's considerably more affordable, 46100. I will say a couple guys. I like right off the bat. We have this, we have this Cleveland Milwaukee rematch, which I'm fairly interested in and Jared Allen had a very big game against Milwaukee in the previous game. 21 points, 12 boards, 5 assists. They're gonna have a block though, but took 19 shots. That's massive. He's 83100 right now on FanDuel. Look. At 83100, his ceiling isn't like sky high. He's not gonna have like a 90 Fantasy Point game. Right? Obviously. But he's I don't think he's gonna let you down at that price. I mean, the last time he was under, like, under 35 Fantasy Points was December 21st. So I think it's a really great floor play, especially if you're in a in a cash lineup. I think that's a decent option. Anything else, Shannon? Yeah. I mean, one one other nugget to point out with Jared Allen is the fact that Tristan Thompson was suspended for 25 games. He's on steroids. Hey. That this that explains it. Alright? Now we know why he was still in the NBA playoffs. Like, no wonder the guy went off on me. He's like, he'll be on the roads. But, you know, Tristan Thompson was surprisingly seeing significant minutes off the bench as the backup center, playing 16 minutes over his most, recent 9 games. So Jared Allen could see his minutes increase significantly. That wasn't the case in the first game without Thompson out against the Bucks. Allen only played 32 minutes. But there are gonna be nights where he needs to play 40 minutes depending on how, how the just the flow of the game's rolling and how competitive it is. So I do like Allen as an option tonight. Couple other guys, we should note in this Toronto Clippers game. Toronto's at home, but Clippers are favored by 7a half. And that is because not only is Jacob Pirtle out, but Emmanuel Quickley is also out. So, you know, gut feeling for me, I think decent options are like RJ Barrett, Dennis Schroeder as value plays the same at the same time. RJ Barrett is probably going to be checked by Paul George or Kawhi Leonard for a decent chunk of the game or Terrence man. So I would be a little bit worried about that. I would almost just prefer Dennis Schroder at 59100. But to me at this again, I don't feel like 5,900 is a is like a steal for Dennis Schroder. You know, I don't feel like I'm slotting him my my lineup and getting almost guaranteed value. Now even before they acquired Quickley, Schroder was oftentimes in that $6,000 range. So I agree. He is a a better value, on DraftKings than he is FanDuel for tonight's slate. 5,200 for Schroeder on DraftKings. I like him considerably more at 5,200 than 59 on FanDuel. But I think if he's if he's announced as a starter, he is in play. Another guard from a different game that I like quite a bit right in that same range. 54100 from Markelle Fultz on FanDuel. Yeah. He is back in the starting lineup, played 29 minutes in his most recent game for Orlando. I feel like we're we're getting there to the point where he's gonna be playing 30 minutes or or maybe top 30 minutes on a more regular basis, and with that will come fantasy production. That game is interesting. Memphis 6 point underdogs. I'm not gonna say I would take Memphis to 6 point underdogs at home, but I would think about it. Super low over under on that game, though. 212 and a half. I was just gonna say 212 under. What is this? 1992? Yeah. That game's gonna look at that game's gonna be a grind. We also have, Pelicans at the Thunder. I'm intrigued by Zion Williamson at 79100 on FanDuel. He weighs just as much as Chet Holmgren and Jalen Williams combined in the front court. So there could be some bully ball going on there. Zion's kinda having a weird season like he had 11 assists the last game out, then you'll have like, no rebounds, then you'll have 10 rebounds and back and forth. Terrible. The rebound is terrible. He's he's a walking 30 to 35 fantasy points, exists 79100. And I think a fairly good match up for him. So I would I would be looking into that. Yeah. Sub $8,000, Zion's always intriguing. You know, like you said, walking 35 to 40 fancy points, and he can pop off and have 50 plus point outing. That's happened this season and in past years. So I do I do like Zion as well. Before we wrap this up, Shannon, any any parting thoughts on roster, game, construction, anything like that? Yeah. Keep an eye on Kyrie Irving status. If he's rolled out, I like Tim Hardaway quite a bit more on both, FanDuel and DraftKings. Chris Middleton on DraftKings, 6,300. I I'm honestly confused by his salary. It's gone down from 74 to 66 to 63100 over the past 3 games, and he's crushing it. He had 36 points, 42 fantasy points against Cleveland, just a couple nights ago. I think with this team where he's at, 1, his minutes. You know, he's he's routinely playing over 30 minutes now. He's not, he's not being held in check anymore because of some kind of minutes limit. This is a team that has a new coach. Rotations probably tweaked a little bit, and I think that's gonna work to Middleton's advantage because they're just gonna try to get the best seat possible in the Eastern Conference. So 63100. Khris Middleton, he's my he's my best value for this slate. I like I like Giannis joking about Middleton dunking the ball when he was trying to avoid, talking about coaching changes. Yeah. Middleton, when he's healthy for Bucks fans, he's like he's like a comfort object. He's like a stuffed animal. It's like I can just I'm watching. It's like, oh, yeah. Middleton turnaround, fade away. Great. Oh, corner 3. Great. Nice dime to Giannis. Great. 25 and 5. Perfect. And DFS, it can be the same as well when he's when he's healthy. Good, like, cash game, building block. But enough for us, Ken. It's time for your old man rant. Miami's heat culture is stupid. On their alternate court design, each key area has the text, quote, hardest working, best conditioned, most professional, unselfish, toughest, meanest, nastiest team in the NBA, unquote. You know, if you have to say it, then it isn't true. This squad's 24 and 21. They just let the Celtics shoot 64% from the field Thursday night in Miami. Luke Cornett. Yes. Luke Cornett put 12 points on him. And have you seen this crowd? Their dark leather tans, trophy wibes, and excessive jewelry. I've never seen so many Donatella Versace at a sports event. Actions speak louder than words Miami. Yeah. Putting that cord out with the jerseys and then, like, getting smoked. That's that's tough. That's yeah. That that's horrible. It's like slapping the floor on defense then getting, like, dunked on immediately, basically. If you have to say it, it isn't true. I think we avoided any mispronounced names in this podcast. Nothing egregious, obviously. So I think, I think we can wrap this up. Thank you, everybody. Thank you to the the live listeners, the the the chatters, the chatters helping other chatters out. That's very nice. Yeah. Thank you. Answering questions or doing email? Shannon's probably doing his real job right now. Thank you everybody again for joining us on the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. And as always, apologies to our sponsors, Underdog Fantasy and FanDuel. Ken, take us out of here. Let's go back to New York where Julius Randle was really excited about Thursday night's big win over the Nuggets. Randle said, quote, I'm not gonna lie to you, bro. It's regular season. I could care less. I like the fact that we won. 1st and foremost, you don't wanna be on that end, but we're building the right habits. For me, it only matters in April, end quote. Attention, passengers. This 3 car, Fantasy, train wreck has hit the end of the line. That explains it.