Welcome into a Wednesday edition. The Roto I can't even say it, Brandon. We're 2 seconds into the pod. The RotoWire Fantasy Basketball pod. This is this is what happens when we record early in the morning here in central time, and the temperature drops 50 degrees overnight, as it did here in Milwaukee. I was I was on the golf course yesterday afternoon having a great time. It was 73 degrees. I woke up this morning and there's a wind chill freezing advisory. Like, we we literally lost 50 degrees overnight. So I'm a little bit disoriented here. You have to forgive me. Before we get into some of the topics we wanna hit today, we had a huge Tuesday night in the NBA, an uncharacteristically large Tuesday night. So we'll talk about some of the takeaways there. Any injury news, any player news we have going into a smaller slate Wednesday. Wanna talk to Victor Webmodyama as far as where he's gonna go in fantasy drafts next year. We'll talk about some of the risers and fallers, in terms of season long value. But first and foremost, Brandon, you're doing some price mix content for us over at Rotowire. So I want to encourage everybody right away to check that out. You can find each video on our Rotowire NBA Twitter account. You can find it on the Rotowire Twitter account. I retweet it. Brandon retweets it. You throw it up on TikTok, Instagram. We know price picks is is huge, especially this time of year. And a lot of people are dropping out of their season long leagues, losing some interest. So make sure you check out rotawire.com/picks. And Brandon is just going to give you free money every night on Twitter, it sounds like. Well, that's the hope. I will tell you. I'm putting my all into this. Okay? I'm not just throwing picks together haphazardly. So and and I'm taking the ride with you. Anything that I hand out, I'll put my own money on it. That way if you lose, I lose too. So that's my that's my personal guarantee, and I, so the picks have been okay the first couple of days that we've done this. But in terms of the Harley action that goes into a prize pick, you gotta hit both. That has not yet happened in the 1st 2 days. I've gone 1 and 1 in the first two, picks in the pick series. So not awful, but not good enough. I had Asar Thompson over 5 and a half rebounds on Monday. He had 4. I had, I owed Sumu to hit just 2 threes. It's all he had to do. And he was o for 5 from 3 point range, a stat line that he has not produced in ages now. So, just gotta get some of that reverse bounce luck in my favor, but, the and I'm not just saying this because we are on a rotor wire podcast, but the rotor wire I I start at the base of the rotor wire picks and props tool on the website. It is invaluable just to see the the weighted hit rate. So that is what I gravitate to first and foremost, and then I back my research out from that. But it's a great place to start to get an idea of how likely is this to happen, and then let's see if there are reasons that I can back that up. Especially on a night like last night where you have 11 games, and you're looking at the board on prize picks. And Oh, it's overwhelming. Yeah. I have no idea where to start here. There's so many options for each player. This at least, you know, it's not it's not just gonna say, hey. You're the locks of the night that will never lose, but it's going to point you in the right direction. We expect you, however, Brandon, to be hitting a 100%. So we gotta get things turned around here. I mean, obviously, any any loser is unacceptable. I had a rough night at prizepix too last night. I I I went went ham, as they say, and threw in a bunch of entries. One of my worst picks of the year, Derek White, over 2 and a half threes. I was like, this is the night. You know, they're they're gonna go crazy. Philly's been terrible on defense. Boston, they they take more threes than any team in the league. Last night, they just decided not to do that and instead win the game a different way. Derek White, extremely quiet night for him. He didn't really do anything. The big hits for me, I hate to to rub this in, Brandon. I went Iota Sumu over 4 assists. He had 6. Oh, man. Which is amazing because the bulls went 2 of 29 from 3 and barely made any shots the entire night. So I I think every bait field goal was actually an assist for Ayodosumbu. We were really threading the needle there. I I went big on Zion PRA. You know, we're we're seeing points Zion right now with CJ McCollum out of the lineup. The assist production's been up. He had a nice night. And then we we went pretty big on Jayla Johnson as well. That was my best bet on our our rotor wire betting article yesterday over 17 and a half points. We took the over on 27 and a half points plus rebounds. And that I mean, that's just a dream matchup. Atlanta, Utah right now might be the most fantasy friendly matchup possible. And really by by that game standards, it wasn't even that high scoring. Utah only got to 97. Yeah. And, well, actually, one of the reasons that I that it led me to a pick for tonight, if we're gonna project forward, talking about Point Zion, and they're on the 2nd night of a back to back. Zion has been putting up big numbers, but he's also been turning the ball over a lot. This is not a natural sort of position for him going up against the Pacers team. When you're gassed, you don't really wanna go up against the Pacers in Indiana. So I'm thinking Tyrese Haliburton's gonna have a field day, steals, and blocks. So that was one of the over one and a half feels like the lock of the century tonight. I I like Haliburton tonight a lot. I mean, he's coming off of, you could argue, like, his worst game of the year against Toronto the other night. He he just doesn't really have games like that anymore. Right? I mean, he's he's at that level, you know, where it feels like, you know, an off game for him is, like, 15 points in 10 assists. He had 9 points, 2 of 11 shooting, 1 of 6 from 3. He Really hasn't shot the ball well coming out of the break whatsoever. So I think there should be a pretty good bounce back spot, for him tonight. We we got a question about Jaren Jackson, in the chat, Brandon, and I wanna hit that right away. It's extra pressure. And I don't know if you're aware. I traded Jared Jackson. I finally rid myself of Jared Jackson in the state league. I flipped him straight up for Alpern Shangu. I love that. I it was it was something I had to do. Alright. Given that my category needs, given the fact that I think he might be shut down, and I have a feeling that's where, that this question may be going. So Christian says I was offered a trade for Jaren Jackson and Jabari Smith. Should I accept? I've already lost Embiid. And he follows up and says I was offered Anthony Davis for those 2 players. So AD for Jaren Jackson and Jabari Smith, 12 team category league. Again, he's already lost Embiid. Says he is worried about Anthony Davis's health as well. I think I would just take the deal. If you've lost Embiid, you know, you're you're probably you're probably doing okay because Embiid was so dominant for, you know, the first basically 2 thirds of the season that, you know, you're you're likely staying afloat and you're looking to to find a way to compensate for that. If this is a league that goes all the way through game 82, you know, maybe you get some MB back for a week or 2 at the end of the season, that would be huge. Obviously, there are concerns about Anthony Davis. There are concerns for me about Jaren Jackson being shut down. And and I like Jamari Smith, but, you know, the Rockets are kind of back to having too many guys yet again. I think there's too much upside here with Anthony Davis, and I know you're you're always waiting on the injury. He's a ticking time bomb. It hasn't happened yet. But, you know, unless you're you're still somehow sitting in 1st place here and and you could kinda ride this out and run up the clock, If you if you feel like you need to make a move to move up, I I think this is a pretty good option. Yeah. And this could be, you know, this could come back to to to to bite me in the in the backside here, but, Anthony Davis has actually been a pretty clean bill of health this year, so this could be one of those season freeze. Yeah. It's, I'm sure that this will change in a in in a moment. We gave him the old broadcaster jinx right there, but I I like the deal. You're getting the best player involved in the trade, and you're trying to supplement what you've lost in Joel Embiid. My question to you is, as I've seen this bantered about among fantasy, basketball players out there, are you dropping Joel Embiid based on the latest report where he's not gonna come back until we're probably looking at, like, mid March. I mean, at that point, you're already deep into the fantasy playoffs. Is it even worth it? It it to me, it totally depends on your league format. Like, if your league ends you know, some leagues end, like, before April even or, you know, 1st week in April. In that situation, I guess I would drop him. You know, I I think the thing is if you can if you could just, like, make the playoffs in a head to head league and then you get it back for the playoffs, you know, that's a lot different than trying to, you know, climb from 7th to 1st in a category league. Right? So I I think in a head to head league, especially if you have an IR spot or multiple IR spots, I would be terrified to drop him just to just in case because, like, even if you just get that one week, like, if you can if you can make it through the 1st round of the playoffs, you're in the final 4, and then Embiid comes back, your team is completely different. Right? That that is as big of a boost as you could possibly get. And, yeah, you could say there might be a ramp up period for Embiid. I get that. But even, like, a limit even if Embiid plays, like, 25 minutes, you still gonna be, like, a top 12 hit. Right? So my answer would be, yeah, unless your season ends earlier than average or even, you know, I I I you know, if it ends the 1st week in April, I would still hold on to him. I I would. I I think there's there's too much upside here. We're not talking about a guy who's, like, maybe giving you top 75 production. We're talking about, like, far and away the best fantasy player in the league. Right. Yeah. Even if you get that even if you get it for one game, honestly, it's it's worth it. So depends on how shallow your bench is, what your team's looking like right now. And like Nick said, I think the most important thing is when does your league actually end? That date is gonna factor in a lot, but it's something that I know people are are thinking about. And I wonder if Christian here has already made that move. He didn't really say whether or not Embiid is still on his roster. Yeah. It's, again, very dependent on on what your league settings are. I wanna talk about a few things from last night. We mentioned the the disombo curse. We we won't bring that up anymore. You know, there's an article yesterday in ESPN about the the NBA competition committee, which I believe is is helmed by Joe Dumars, you know, talking about ways to to kind of give advantages back to the defense. You know, maybe the pendulum has swung too far in favor of the offense. And this is this is a debate that comes up one way or the other, like, every 10 to 20 years. Right? I mean, in in the mid 2000, it was, alright, defense is is overwhelming. You know, this is not fun to watch. We need to find ways to open things up for the offense. They eliminate the hand check rule, things like that. And now we've gone too far. But last night was a abnormally low scoring night across the NBA. Right? 81 points for Brooklyn, 97 for Utah, 99 for Philly. The team I really wanna talk about, the Charlotte Hornets. My goodness. They they got to 85. You you see that? You're like, 12385. Yeah. Maybe that's what we expect. Bucks are the better team. Brandon, the Charlotte Hornets had 26 points at halftime. 26. That is the lowest scoring half, obviously, of the NBA season by 8 points. The Portland Trail Blazers had 34 the other night. I think that was Sunday, in in a loss. And I was making fun of the blazers on the pod on Monday for that. I apologize. I did not see this coming. 26 first half points for Charlotte. Absolutely pathetic. Yeah. That's a that's a really bad basketball team, and I think at this point in the year, you're what you're seeing are the teams that are cratering out offensively are the teams that we have no expectations for to begin with. You get to this point in the season, and I think you get past the all star break. These teams just look and go, how quickly can we wrap this up? I think there are a number of these teams, the Hornets included in the in this that just wanna get to the finish line here. And so you're gonna have more of these type of games. I think it's a more of a reason to look at a team that's favored by double digits in the NBA. Don't be scared off by that on certain situations because Yeah. I think you're gonna see these teams cover at a more alarming rate, than than we've even seen in the past. This also helps in terms of betting unders because, if you have one team that's scoring 85, rarely is an over being hit, for the overall game. And and so not exactly a surprise that we're seeing that from teams like the Hornets, the Blazers. I saw it happen at the Kia Center, the artist formerly known as the Amway Center last night against the Brooklyn Nets, another one of those teams that just cannot wait for the season to end. The Nets to me you know, Alex and I talk about this on the Roadwire NBA show on SiriusXM NBA. You know, we we try to give out a best bet for for each game and, you know, try to at least give one out for each team, you know, especially on a smaller slate. Whenever the Nets are featured, like, we just it's so hard to come up with anything, man. Like, there's there's nobody on this team who's dependable night to night. Like, I I thought McCall Bridges would be one of the safest, highest for fantasy guys, you know, betting guys in the No. They lose Cam Thomas earlier this week. That's a hit for for scoring, obviously, in in fantasy. And, you know, I thought last night was actually maybe a decent spot for them. You're catching Orlando without Paolo Banchero, and you still get blown out in that fashion. I mean, Orlando, they put up 108. Right? I mean, they're not a high scoring team necessarily, but it's not like Orlando played that well. I mean, they they didn't shoot it well from 3. They they they didn't have a big night at the line. They got to the line 25 times, but Brooklyn's just So the box score the box score for that game is a little bit misleading because a lot of those the things really cratered out for the Magic at the end of the game. They didn't need to play anybody in the 4th quarter. So you you had the you had the end of the bench guys out there that really that that tanked those percentages, but I talked about this on the postgame show last night. Really, if you wanna judge the game, you had to look at the end of the 3rd quarter box score, and the Magic were shooting 58% from the field, 39% from 3 point range. At that point in the game, that was more indicative of the type of game that they were playing. But, yeah, it came down to the defense and the fact that McHale Bridges just couldn't make anything. I thought the Magic did a good job putting there hand in his face, but still, this is a guy last time they played last time the Nets played the Magic, he dropped 42, and he usually kills this team. The the Nets have 2 wins over the Magic already this year. Both of them are are by 20 or more. So I think there was, situationally, you're right. No Paolo Banchero, Jonathan Isaac is out. Coming back off of a road trip is always a tough spot for teams, but there's nothing quite as invigorating for an NBA team as the revenge factor. When you have been blown out by another team, these professionals are petty. They remember that stuff, and and I think they were waiting to kinda give it back to the Nets. And the Nets aren't very good to begin with. I do wanna go back to that Milwaukee Charlotte game, and I I have nothing else to say about the Hornets, although, you know, I'm kind of disappointed in in Trey Mann, who I was really fired up to to grab off waivers. He actually played okay. I mean, he he gave you 16, 4, 32 last night. You know, one of those guys that I think might end up being kind of a sneaky league winner, in some formats. But Damian Lillard, you know, he's he's been the subject of of some degree of ire, specifically from me, over the last couple of of months here. He's been disappointing. You know, you're kinda expecting some more of those splash performances. And, you know, we talked coming out of the break. Do we see a different version of Damian Lillard? Not you know, is he gonna parlay winning the 3 point contest into being back? But there did seem to be kind of a mental reset for him. You know, he's talked pretty openly about it on on podcast, and we've heard Doc Rivers talk about it, some of the changes that he's brought. And Lillard to me looks more like himself. Right? Like, there there was a clip of of Patrick Beverly. I think it was on his own pod talking about the conversation he had with Lillard. And for 1, they they squashed their beef. Apparently, they went out to dinner. That's that's all well and good. But, you know, what was more intriguing to me is that he told Damian Lillard, like, hey. Where where are the the 35 footers? Right? Like, that's that's kind of your bread and butter. You and Steph, you're the guys that shoot those. He's like, where are those bet? You know? And and it kinda sounded like Dame didn't wanna step on anybody's toes. He didn't wanna come in and and launch what might be viewed as a bad shot. And Pat Bennett basically told him, like, hey, man. That's your game. You need to start doing that. And if you're watching last night, Lillard had a couple of those. 3 games now out of the break, 23 points, 8 rebounds, almost 9 assists per game. He's piling up steals. He's sitting threes at 40%. Obviously, it's a small sample. You know, 2 of those games came against Charlotte and Philly, which are 2 of the worst defenses in the NBA. Although recently, Charlotte's defensive numbers actually look okay, maybe not so much after last night. But I I I really think there is a a visual difference in the the version of Dame Lillard that we've seen just in these last 3 games. So are you telling me then that the all star game has woken him up? No. No. That would be a ridiculous talking point, but here we are. No star break. The all star break has woken him up. What whatever happened was the all star No. No. I don't I don't think he'd be picked up any confidence in the All Star game or the 3 point contest. No, I don't I don't think that's the case. If anything, you normally see some guys struggle after participating in something like that. It's like the home run derby in baseball. No, I think I I think we're starting to see the Doc Rivers impact as far as, you know, there there was that other report, you know, that Doc went player by player and said, this is what we need from you. Right? And I don't think that was happening with Adrian Griffin. I think there was some confusion, especially among the role guys who were in the rotation one night, out of the rotation the other. I I just really like how this Bucks team is playing. I'm not saying I'm I'm picking them over Boston to win the east. I I still think depth is going to be a big issue for them, especially on the wing. You know, they didn't really go out and add that that wing defender that we've been talking about all year that they need. In fact, it went the other way and added out Danilo Gallinari, who was like maybe the worst wing defender in the NBA. So I just feel better about Lillard overall. You know, I was I was trying to trade him frantically, like, before the All Star break. You know, I was sending out offers left and right. Nobody wanted him. Maybe I was shooting a little bit too high. But, you know, I I actually kinda feel good about his fantasy prospects down the stretch. We all need a Patrick Beverly in our lives. Just somebody that reminds you that you are that guy wakes you back up, and, it's great to see because Damian Lillard is at his best, one of the best players in the NBA. And this year, he is a guy, especially in the fantasy community. We have been, like, hands off on on Damian Lillard moving forward. So, if if he's able to keep this up and turn it around and do this against some of the top level competition in the NBA, then I think it shapes up for a really exciting postseason. And for those that have hung on to Damian Lillard and haven't traded him away, this is this is something that, is paying dividends at the exact right time in the season for you. Let's hit a few more questions, then we'll talk some Victor Webonyama. Free key, a regular in the chat says, yo. Is Draymond a 10 team 9 cat guy? He says, I'm punting 3, so I scooped him up. Somebody dropped him, and I don't know if it's because they're trying to make the playoffs or what. Yeah. I mean, 10 team league, this becomes a little bit more of a debate, but I I I think he's absolutely somebody that should be rostered. Right? I mean, you look at the season long numbers, and he's like a borderline top 90 guy. But since coming back from the suspension, you you spend a lot better. You know, still giving you Draymond numbers. Right? So you gotta be realistic. There's gonna be a lot of nights where he's got, like, 4 points. But the rebounding has been better. The assist, you know, he's giving you almost 6 assists per game since he came back. About 1 block, 1 steal, 1 3. So, you know, there's not gonna be that like, with Draymond, you you never get the splash night. Right? Where it's like, oh, you went for 40. Like, you know, you you just gotta get that steady production every single game. But, yeah, even in a 10 team league, if somebody dropped him, I mean, he absolutely should be roster. Maybe you're not starting him every single week, but I I think you're totally fine picking him up. Yeah. I think pre all star break, we saw him go for 23 against the Utah Jazz in a really high scoring game. That's about as good as it's gonna get offensively, and even that is asking for a lot based on what he does. But the rebounding and the assists are gonna be there, and I and I think part of the reason we can feel better about Draymond is because we're starting to feel better about the Golden State Warriors. This is a team that doesn't feel as dead as they once did. They've been picking up wins, by the caseload recently. So and Draymond settled back into his role, and I think they found other guys to help keep the, the freshness of this team of Podgemski and and the way that Kuminga has been playing. And, of course, Steph is gonna bring his, but, I think that I think the suspension served Draymond well. It seems like he's more zen and kind of playing his brain to basketball more consistently. Yeah. I you're never gonna look at a an 11 point win on the road at Washington as, like, a, you know, a huge victory. But I actually thought last night I mean, that was the game they could have lost. Like, Washington was Washington was hitting some threes. You know, Corey Kispert played well. Andrew Shannock gave them some good minutes. Jordan Poole did not play well. I mean, they had 3 20 point scores in the starting lineup. Warriors were down Wiggins. Obviously, you're still bringing Klay off the bench. You're reintegrating Chris Paul, and Steph Curry did not play well. I mean, at one point, he was 2 of 12 from 3. Ended up hitting a couple late to to help them seal that game, but, I was actually impressed by the way the warriors battled by the night when shots really were not falling for their best player. And it was another great night for Jonathan Kuminga. 10 of 13 from the field, 21 points, 6 rebounds, 5 assists. You know, not buying in on Kuminga earlier in the season, you know, when he when he started to break out, you know, especially when Straymond was first suspended. That's one of my biggest regrets. Yeah. I I I kinda thought it was fool's gold, and he has taken a big step forward. He has. And, it I mean, you just can't buy into everybody. We see guys at that point in the season, October, you're still excited that you just drafted this roster. You wanna see how that plays out. By the time you get to mid November, early December, you know, especially as we get close to Christmas, you end up in scramble mode because you're dealing with injuries or some guys just aren't coming through, on your roster. And then, yeah, there are guys on the waiver wire that you can't pick up everybody. So you have to you have to be selective, and you're gonna have hits. You're gonna have misses. Jonathan Kuminga is one of those guys that if you were able to scoop him up early, you're feeling pretty good about it. But how about Klay Thompson too? His move to the bench seems to have reinvigorated his game too. It's another reason why we can start to like this team a little bit more. And Chris Paul, you know, he's back with this team now too. So all of a sudden, they've got depth, a team that we looked at as sort of top heavy and old. All of a sudden, they look deep, and, they've got guys everywhere. I mean, we got Dallas, Golden State, and the Lakers that all might be playing teams right now. Right? I mean, it there's the the west the bottom of the west is so strong. It's like poor Sacramento, poor, you know, New Orleans if they end up as the 7. I don't I don't I don't wanna play any of those teams in a in a one game must win scenario. And Golden State now has jumped ahead of the lakers for the 9 spots in the west. Clay, by the way, 4.4 made threes per game at 45% since moving to the bench, and that's with, you know, that stinker against the lakers, where he had just 3 points in 28 minutes. So you take that out, it looks even better. Couple more questions here. Andrew says, should I drop Paul Reed to pick up Royce O'Neil in a points league? I I don't know if I would do that. I mean, Royce O'Neil is coming off of that big game the other night. That was arguably his best game of the season. Paul Reed is coming off of an absolutely terrible game last night against Boston. That's just a bad matchup for him. Only played 14 minutes. That's what's a little more concerning is, like, despite Paul Reed being the very obvious replacement for Joel Embiid, the minutes still haven't been there every single night. But I would I would be a little cautious of buying in hard on on Royce O'Neil. Like, this this reminds me of the the Harrison Barnes, you know, like, 2 game breakout earlier this year where I foolishly rushed out to the waiver wire, and he immediately reverted back to being Harrison Barnes. Yeah. But that's the concern on the one Paul Reed's side is that we're all waiting for him to put up these numbers. Nothing like Joel Embiid, but just some level of consistency because of the opportunity that he's been given, and it's not there. I think I'd rather take my chance on on Royce O'Neil and just kinda see how it goes. Prior to last night when Paul Reed was scoreless with 3 rebounds in 14 minutes, last 7 games, 11 points, 9 boards, 1.4 blocks. Again, if you need threes specifically, you know, then maybe I would lean Royce O'Neil, but you also have to keep in mind that, you know, Phoenix was down multiple wings. You know, they're without Gordon and Beal the other night, so that led to, you know, increased opportunity for Royce O'Neil. That's not always going to be there. I still lean Paul Reed. It's gonna be frustrating, but, you know, neither of these guys are are ultimately, you know, every week starters necessarily. Matt says, would you prefer, which of the 2 players would you prefer as a stash for the playoffs? My apologies. Grady Dick or Taylor Hendrix? So we got 2, kinda late lottery rookies here. This is a head to head Yahoo Points League. With it being a Points League, Brandon, I I think I would default to Taylor Hendrix, but, I mean, Grady Dicks played well. The the thing is, you know, he's he's definitely more than a 3 point shooter. I think we saw that at Kansas. You know, a lot of people see him, like, oh, he'll just be Kyle Korver. It's like, I think he can do more long term, but, you know, Alex made a good point on Mondays. For the current context of the raptors, he kinda just is a 3 point shooter for them. I mean, he went 4 for 4 against Indy the other night. He was 2 for 5 in his previous game against Atlanta. Those are 2 cake matchups, about as good of matchups as you're gonna find right now. Hendrix to me is gonna be a little bit more up and down. I I do think in a points league, though, I would still prefer Taylor Hendrix. What say you? I tend to lean Grady Dick. I think he's just gonna be a bigger part of the offense, so there's more more volume available, for Grady Dick. And but if you're looking for the defensive stats, he's not gonna give you really any of that, and that that'll be all Taylor Hendrix. It's close, but I I tend to lean Grady Dick. I would I would favor the 3 point shooting. Hendrix is averaging about 2 more fantasy points per game so far. I mean, small sample. Neither of these guys have been in the rotation all that much this season. So it's it's it is close to a wash, but, again, points league idling Hendrix, Eulene Dick. That's totally fair. Mister a says, do I drop Paul Reed for Nick Richards? That's an interesting one. You know, Richards had a huge game over the weekend, 21, 10, 3, and 2. 6.7 boards last night against Milwaukee. I mean, really nobody played well for the Hornets. You could kind of write that one off. I mean, on aggregate, Nick Richards has been better than Paul Reed. There's really no debate about that. So I would say yes. Like, especially if you're in the camp that Mark Williams isn't coming back, which Alex has been on this since, like, early December. I think he called. He's like, I don't think we see him again this year. And it is starting to trend that way. So, yeah, I I think I would drop Richard or I would drop Reed for Richards. Yeah. I agree. And I like some of the totals that we've seen recently as well. He's been 7 rebounds or more in every game that he has played dating back to the 7th of this month this month, so you're getting that. You get the blocks from him. Scored 21 points a couple nights back against Portland, so it's some of it's gonna be matchup based. I mean, if you set your lineup for the week, you don't really get to play that game. But if the Hornets play in an equally bad team or something close to it, he should have himself a good game. What you're gonna have to deal with are nights where the team scores in the eighties, apparently. Yeah. I don't this might not be the last time, that we see Charlotte, you know, struggling to get to 90 points. Good question on Daniel Gafford from Brian. He says, is Gafford a drop? We have not talked about this yet, Brian. Appreciate you jumping in on the stream. Yeah. He's played 17, 19, and 7 minutes over the last 3 games. Hasn't really been doing a whole lot. I mean, last night, especially, is concerning. Right? The the 7 minutes in. And, you know, Cleveland's the type of team that you think you'd see more, Daniel Gafford. Right? They're they're the rare team that throws, like, true 2 true big men out there. So if he's only playing 7 minutes with Jared Allen and Evan Mobley out there, that to me is concerning. You know, late season when you don't really have as much time to to react and, you know, see how it goes over the next few weeks. If there's somebody out there, if you're in a 10 or 12 team league, I I think you probably have to drop them right now. Right? I think that we have to work with the information that we've been given. It's not gonna kill you if you drop them, but I do think it's a little hasty. These are 3 bad games. The most concerning part is the minutes of all he's dipped below 20 in his last 3 games, and the production has dipped alongside that. But this could also just be a 3 game spell. Still getting acclimated to a new team. You've gotta factor that in as well. If you have to make a move, go ahead and do it, but I don't think he's a must drop player by by any means. Yeah. Maybe not must drop, but if we if we have another game like that where he's, you know, under 10 minutes, they play tonight at Toronto. So we'll get our answer in short order. You know, at that point, you you might be must drop. Yeah. I mean, there's just I I like what Dallas did to add depth in terms of real life, but fantasy wise, for Gafford, for Washington, for Lively, it's kind of a downgrade for all 3. By the way, I'm sure you saw Max Truce last night. Oh my god. He came in late. You know, they're they're trailing the Mavericks 5 for 5 from 3, including that 50 footer to win it in 5 minutes of action. Well, when you're hot, you're hot. That was nuts. He he hits I think he hit 7 threes last night. Was that the number? I believe so. 7 threes. That's the first time he's done that since the first game of the season. It, so the he has not been the marksman that they thought they were gonna get, but I I feel like last night's game and the way that that ended with, what was almost a 3 quarter court shot to win the game, that pays for the contract, doesn't it? That was unreal. I mean, that that the only thing that kinda reminded me of that is, like, we've seen Klay Thompson have some moments, you know, where he just gets hot. I mean, I think 4 of those threes came on 4 consecutive possessions, and then there was a bit of a gap before the the game winner obviously at the end. I mean, that was unreal performance by Max Ernst who was, you know, in a bit of a shooting slump. Like you said, coming into that game, last 8 games, he was shooting 23% from 3, and then he goes 7 of 10 last night. Let's talk to Victor Webanyama, Brandon. I mean, there's no real news here. Like, Webanyama at this point, is just giving us, like, 4 to 7 highlights per night. I believe Monte Morris was the primary victim last night where he I think he he thought he had Webinayama baseline to kind of sneak one of those, like, no look layups, and and Webinayama literally just caught it with one hand and looked at him like, what are you doing, Monte Morris? You're 511. 17, 13, 5, 4, and 2 for Webb Banyama, in what was a really tough matchup against Minnesota, although they did not have Karl Anthony Towns. You know, his his, like, steals and blocks props are are borderline comical these days, Brandon. Like, it's minimum 4a half. Like, he he's at 5a half some nights. Like, that is insane. No nobody steals Brock's prop is 5a half, but you understand why. I mean, last 6 games, especially, 5.3 blocks, 2.7 steals per game. He's giving you 8 blocks plus steals per game. And I I know the 10 block game against Toronto is is carrying some water there. But, this what this is leading me to, Brandon, is looking at Victor Wabanyama season long. Despite being on a minute's limit, despite, I would say, getting off to a relatively slow start compared to the Wabanyama that we've seen in the last month, he is the number 7 overall fantasy player in terms of per game value. He's also stayed healthy. Right. And, you know, this is something that I, I think it was Rossello or, or bill Simmons. Somebody brought up and they're like, I kind of figured you would have more of these like porzingis type of injuries, right. Where he is fly. He's like on the ground, he's falling awkwardly. Like that does not happen. Right? It's clear that this guy puts in the work on his balance and, you know, there there's all the stuff made about, like, his foot strength and stuff like that. I mean, the fact that there's not even been, like, an injury scare all year for Webinama, I think, has to go down as a huge victory because I think the numbers are maybe not that surprising because we knew he had this level of talent. But I thought there'd be a lot more, like, second night of a back to back. We're holding him out. You know, he's gonna miss 3 games here. We're being cautious. Like, he has been a a perfect bill of health, I think relative to expectations. The question is how high are you taking him? Would you consider him at number 1 over Jokic or SGA or Doncic or Embiid next season? I don't think I'm taking him over those guys, but I think I'm taking him right after. And I'd take him over Embiid. I would take him over Embiid too. I wouldn't take him over Jokic. I wouldn't take him over SGA. I would start debating it around Doncic. I I think that's the that's around the range. This is my biggest victory lap of the entire season. I was all in on Victor Wimpanyama, the fantasy asset. I did not wanna miss out on this. I get a lot wrong. This was not one of them. So I'm I was pretty much all in. I took him in our, our Vegas draft. He was my 2nd pick, and and I had a I had a few people looking at me sideways when that happened. And and now, I mean, not 2nd overall, but 2nd round pick. Yep. I wasn't that crazy. But, yeah, going into next year, it's, it's wheels up. I'm thinking 4th overall. 3rd, 4th overall sounds about right for Victor Wemyama. And on the health front, it is funny how we do this. Just because he's tall and lanky, we just assume. We diagnose him as injury prone. There is no evidence coming into the NBA that he had injury issues. This wasn't something he dealt with in France. We just assumed because you've seen it time and time again. But until a guy I think it's a lesson for all of us. Until a guy shows you that he's injury prone, don't just assume that he is based on build. That doesn't always work that way. Yeah. So for me, he's in contention for that number one pick. Absolutely. Because I think you have to just like any 2nd year player, you project a jump. Right? I think first and foremost, a jump in minutes. I would hope that he's not playing 28 minutes a game in year 2. You will see what that Spurs roster ultimately looks like and if they could be a more competitive team. But, you know, I mean, on the year, he's at 20 and a half points, 10 rebounds, 3 assists, 1.3 steals, 3.3 blocks. It's like we we've seen a lot of players, especially superstar players. You think of, like, the leap that LeBron made from year 1 to year 2. He added, like, 8 or 9 points per game. You know, he added a couple assists, a couple of steals, a couple, you know, a couple of rebounds. I don't see why Waban Yama can't necessarily do that. Right? It's like the rebounds one that that one's interesting. It's like, can he maybe that's just more of a per minute projection. Like, is he if he's playing 34 minutes, does he go from 10 rebounds to 12 rebounds? Like, yeah. I think you could see that. I think he could be a 25 point score pretty easily. I think he could be closer to 4 or 5 assists. The passing is the number one thing that stuck out to me, Brandon. I know, like, the the shot blocking is what tends to grab most of the highlights on Twitter. The passing is unreal, and the amount of blown assists that he's had that don't make the highlight real because nobody finishes it. Like, he he makes, like, flashy passes. Right? And I I know some people look at that and say, oh, you're hotdogging. Coaches don't like that. What's the point? I was victimized by that, as a as a high school player. Those are effective. I will tell you. People do it. Yeah. It looks cool. That's that's, like, 40% of the reason that you make a pass like that. But the other reason is it's effective. You're you're misleading the defense. Right? You're you're generating a a a more open look than you would if you may if you look at somebody and drop them a bounce pass as opposed to flipping it behind your back. And, you know, weapon Yamah has that. Like, you can't just learn that type of thing. Like, those type of players, you're just you're kinda born with that with that gene. Like, you know, nobody just develops into a flashy player or develops into kinda having that 6th sense for passing. And, you know, that that to me has been a surprise. We knew weapon Yamah could could pass a little bit, but I I I think that's what's what I'm really interested to see. Like, what kind of jump do we get in terms of the assists, in terms of how much they're running through him? Because he's still giving you you know, on a lot of nights, he's still giving you 4 or 5 assists. And the and you watch the spurs, they're they're not really making a point to get him the ball. It's been better lately than it was early in the season, but if he becomes the centerpiece of that offense, which eventually he will, I think we could see a big leap there as well. So I Yeah. He he he's somebody that I'm, like, scared to not take at number 1 next year. I I it it it's not a knock against him. You make a lot of good points in the in the assist, factor. There he's so good at so many other things. I I think I overlook his passing because I'm just so enamored with the 3 ball, the guy of his size, his ball handling, his blocking, his steals, the ease of which he rebounds the basketball because of his height that, you know, assists the assists are great, but it's, like, 6th on the list for me of things that impressed me about Victor Wimbunyama, even though it's present. My concern isn't with him. It's it's the other players. I don't wanna downgrade, like, Jan we didn't even mention Giannis. You know? Like, Giannis is still amazing, and all these other guys have put up such consistent numbers. You know exactly what you're gonna get from Jokic, Giannis, Doncic. I can already tell you their numbers next year. It's still a projection for Victor Wimpanyama. And even though it feels like a safe projection, I think I need to see I need to see how the spurs upgrade and what that looks like in the off season before I could go all in with saying, yes, stamp of approval. He's my number one overall pick next year. What does this team look like? This year is not about us, the the Spurs playing a game around Victor Wimpanyama. This season is all about Victor Wimbunyama feeling comfortable as a professional basketball player and just kinda getting his feet under him. He's doing a remarkable job at that, running away with rookie of the year because of it, but this isn't the plan. Next year, we're gonna get an idea of what the plan looks like, and I think we'll have an even better idea when we see how the Spurs spend money in free agency. Last thing I'll say on this, and I agree with everything you said, but this is the baseline. Right? Like, this has been the worst case scenario as far as competitiveness, as far as teammates, as far as how long it took for them to to to kind of accept that he's their best player, and he's still the number 7 player in fantasy basketball. Right? It's like, I I don't I don't see him regressing in any single category. Right? I I mean, I I don't I don't know if I'm following up with that. Real basket but they're not playing real basketball right now. That's my concern. They are they're they're kinda playing sandlot ball, and when Binyama is so far and away the best player that's out there. I don't think he's like, there's no way he slips next year beyond the 10th best. He's gonna be a top 10 fantasy player next year. I'm not trying to make a case against Wenbinama. I'm trying to make a case that he might not be as surefire number 1 overall because they might actually play a real brand of basketball next year. I I view their growth similar to what we saw from the Houston Rockets. The Rockets went from just a a g what? Let's stand around and watch Jalen Green shoot the basketball to now they play real they play real basketball, and we've seen the the the we've seen the fantasy stars and the and the, the stats sort of shift. Alper and Shangoon much more valuable now than he was a year ago because they're playing the game differently. What does that look like next year? You'll still probably have the same coach and Gregg Popovich, but I think their team is gonna look completely different. Alright. Let's talk about some of the biggest risers and fallers year over year. You know, as you start to look ahead to to to, you know, next season with that theme of of where we're taking Wymenyaba. You know, we're not that far for best ball season, Brandon. I'm doing an NFL best ball right now. You know, right right basically, right after the season ends, but we'll we'll start firing up our our 2024, 25 content. You know, Tyrese Maxey is the obvious one who comes to mind, and, you know, he's started to fade a little bit, but still not that much. I mean, he's top 30 player on the year, was being drafted typically around pick 50. I I think people, you know, obviously, Embiid will be back next season. We'll see if they make any other additions. He's gonna go higher. Jalen Johnson, obviously, a winner as well. I mean, he's he's up like 60 spots compared to his Yahoo ADP. He's up closer to 80 spots in in ESPN leagues where he was drafted later. Who else do you like, who is there somebody else who you're very comfortable drafting in the top 40 or 50 who would have been, you know, well outside the top 75 this year? I'm not sure if he ranked outside of the top 75 going into the year, but a guy that would have been closer to that range that I feel really good about is the contemporary of Victor Wimbunyama and Chet Holmgren. Yeah. He's he's kind of Wembanyama light, and it's not even that light. He's giving you all of those stats that we desire in fantasy basketball. So this is a guy that is zooming up the board for me, that I'm really excited about. I'm curious to see on a on a lesser scale, what the bulls do to restructure their roster in the off season. They've kind of been in this purgatory mode for the last couple of years. But if Kobe White is still their point guard to start the year next season at a really bad game, last night, but that that notwithstanding, this is a guy that I think with the consistency that he's shown throughout the course of the year, I'd be willing to take a serious stab on him closer to that top 75 range. So those are a couple of guys that come to mind, but we've definitely seen some big time risers. I think Jalen Brunson, if you're talking about a more high profile player, has seen his stock go from good to great with the way that he's played this year too. Yeah. I think there was still a little bit of, alright. We need to see this again from Jalen Brunson. And, yeah, if you bought in at ADP this year, you're you're fine. And, you know, I I think it's gonna be tougher for him to to have a better season than he's had this year. So, you know, just like you probably take him at cost next year and hoping he just repeats it, which he should be able to. He's super durable. You know, I think that the one concern would be, you know, is this finally the summer, Brandon, where they they bring in another start in New York? I would say history would strongly suggest probably not. Another Jalen, Jalen Duran. You know, he's he's hanging around, ranked 60 overall this season. And, you know, I think much like Holmgren and and Waban Yamah, pretty easy to dream on him hopefully being in a better situation. Feels like it cannot get any worse than it's been in Detroit this year. You know, he he had an injury earlier in the season. The rotations have been a complete mess. He's got terrible teammates around him. And, you know, he he ranks basically at the top of the list of, like, every rebounding metric that you can find. The only thing is for a big man, like, the field goal percentage is nice. He's not a terrible free throw shooter. It doesn't take that many, but he's he's like 75%, which for a center, you'll take that doesn't really give you a whole lot defensively. You know, it'd be really nice if in addition to, you know, 14 and 14 every night, he can at least get you to a block per game, and that hasn't really been there. Yeah. Yeah. And I think he still has so much room to grow as a as a player. He's he's so physically gifted. And and even though it doesn't seem like we know what the Pistons plan is, he's gonna be a part of it. Looking at the rank, the ADP from the start of the year, he was at 112, consensus ADP. So this is a guy that has clearly, outkicked his coverage there. Someone in his range was pick 1 around 116, Brandon Miller. I have I liked him a lot coming into the league. I wasn't sure what his fantasy viability would be because they play such a LaMelo Ball brand of basketball, but I wouldn't be surprised if they start to build the team around him. I think he's the best I think he's the best winning type of basketball player. LaMelo Ball is a highlight reel, but I just don't feel like he's a a winning NBA player. I think Brandon Miller is the kind of player you can build your team around, and it seems like the Hornets are starting to get that vibe as well He's a guy that's gonna zoom up the draft board compared to where he was at the start of the year. Very, very interested to see where he goes. That's a great one. I mean, he's a top 35 player over the last 15 games, and he's still he's still mixing in some some some bad performances, right, as any rookie would. So, yeah, I I I don't know if I'm going to be the guy who's, you know, leading the charge on Brandon Miller. Like, am I taking him, like, in the top 40 overall next year? Probably not. But certainly somebody that'll be more on my radar than he was coming into this season. In terms of fallers, I I think LaMelo's gotta be on that list. Right? I mean Yeah. When he's been out there, he's looked like himself, but this is, you know, becoming a very concerning early career trend where he's played 51, 75, 36, and now currently 22 games this season. I don't know if we see him again this year the way this is going, like, probably, but who knows? I mean, nobody's taking him with the 12th overall pick next year. It's just way too risky. No. No. Not at all. I I think that that was even that was that felt like a mistake at the time. It was just like when you look at his numbers, you guys know I thought that Jack. I don't like injury prone players, and he is not he is he is definitely first of all, his last name is Ball, which means he can't stay on the basketball floor. Yeah. He he's definitely somebody that's gonna I think it goes hand in hand with the Brandon Miller evaluation that if you like Brandon Miller, then you shouldn't like LaMelo Ball because even though they're teammates, they, one is gonna zoom past the other in terms of viability and definitely trustability going into next year. Not sure trustability is a word, by the way. You might wanna fact check on that. It is not I'm not gonna check. We're just gonna say it is. Okay. I got I I've got I've got a a quick riser and a faller that it's I'm just scanning the board of the ADP from the start of the year. Jalen Williams of the Oklahoma City Thunder, major riser. Yep. Right? Okay. And we don't often see this, but tell me if you agree, a rookie faller, we usually a guy that we get excited about as a rookie usually moves up the next year. I'm wondering if Scoot Henderson actually moves down. There's the 70th overall pick, I think. And I was in this camp. I was on the Wenbinama Scoot Henderson train. Yep. And swing and a miss on Scoot. I don't know how much more confidence we're gonna have going into next year. I don't think he's he would be a major faller, but I wonder if he dips down a little bit past 70 closer to that, like, 75, 80 range. So one of my rare victories this year was completely staying away from Scoot in Fantasy. And I I obviously didn't think he'd be this bad. I thought he'd be much better. But rookie guard, the general, even when they play well, they don't necessarily translate to good Fantasy players. I I think with Scoot, all it's gonna take is he has, like, a nice 10 game run at the end of the year, much like Shaden Sharp did last year, and everybody's gonna buy back in. The problem is he's gotta get back in for it. Right? Yeah. If he if if he's just kinda in and out, like, they said last night, he's gonna miss probably at least 3 more games. You know, Portland is just horrendous on offense right now. It's been tough for them. I I think if if he shows even, like, an inkling of upside down the stretch, there will be people that will buy back in. And and I do think he'll improve. Right? I'm not I'm not just, like, completely writing him off after a bad situation in in 1 year. But, yeah, he's you know, it doesn't really feel like there's a whole lot of scoop momentum right now. And you mentioned JL Williams when he was going after Josh Giddey in most drafts on average. He was going in the the mid eighties in some formats, on some host sites. So, yeah, he is a, he's a major riser as well. I mean, Jordan Poole, I think, has to be on the list of fallers. Right? I mean, there's a lot of people thought Jordan Poole was winning the scoring title. Yeah. Thankfully, I I can't claim this as a victory. I just didn't have him anywhere. I I wasn't opposed to taking him. I wouldn't say I was going out to target him, but nobody thought it was gonna be this bad. I mean, this has just been an all time, you know, flop season for Jordan Poole. I I have one more. McCall Bridges, who we touched on earlier. Right? I mean, in some leagues, he was going as high as the 16th overall pick. That was his ADP in in underdog, which is, you know, mostly best ball. So you got you know, you're taking a few more chances, but I think we've had a bit of a reset on McCall Bridges. Alright. Let's talk let's hit a couple more questions, and we'll be out of here. James says, any news on LaMelo? I'm sick and tired of him. Same here, brother. He is sickly handedly tanked what was otherwise a great NFBKC team for me. Didn't play last night. You know, he practiced about a week ago coming out of the break. That felt like a step in the right direction. There's been no news. No news to report. They played Milwaukee again in Milwaukee tomorrow. Then they're at Philly on Friday at Toronto on Sunday. I don't know. I mean, sometimes you don't see guys, you know, come back during a road trip. Who knows? They're I'm sorry. They actually are in Charlotte tomorrow. So keep an eye on that game as a potential return. Again, I think we see him at some point. It's not like the Hornets are in danger of winning games when he's out there, but, yeah, it's been just a complete disaster. Kobe White and Jordan Poole rest of season as Iman. You know, if it's either or, I'm I'm obviously taking Kobe White. But, you know, we we're starting to see I I don't think we have much to say on Kobe White. Right? We've talked about him a ton. Like, I think it's he just kinda is who he is going forward. He's gonna keep playing a ton of minutes with Zach LaVine out of the mix. I think the question is Jordan Poole. It's like, are you if if you were somebody that dropped him, are you comfortable picking him back up? Has he shown enough since moving to the bench that that he's become viable again? Like, I'd I'd still in the camp, but I probably don't trust him. But, you know, he's giving you 3.3 threes per game since moving to the bench, 20 points. The spark has been there, I guess, to some degree. He's also shooting 36%. Yeah. I, I'm good on on leaving him off the roster for the rest of the year. Alright. Yeah. I think we can we can leave it at that. But we'll end on this one. George says, hey, Nick and Brandon. Thoughts on what's been happening to Fred VanVleet? Yeah. I mean, just a really bad game for VanVleet last night. That was a competitive game against OKC until the Thunder pulled away late. Really fun game, actually. Even 2 of 11 from the field, 1 of 7 from 3. You know, the assists have been down since he came back. I'm I'm not super worried, though. I mean, he's playing a ton of minutes. Like, it'd it'd be a different story if, you know, they were marginalizing him, and he's playing, like, 31 minutes. But, you know, he was limited a bit. His first game back since then, 37, 38, 36 minutes. We kinda know who VanVleet is. Right? Even even in his peak Toronto days, he would still vixen these these bad shooting nights. Yeah. I I think the shooting volume just needs to the the shooting volume needs to increase, but he's not the kind of guy that's just gonna chuck up shots if it's not there. Doesn't feel like it is right now, so he's letting other teammates get involved. They have enough guys on that team that can shoot. So if, if you don't feel like you have it, there's there's no harm in passing the rock. And his assist numbers for the most part have been there, so not overly concerned. Alright. We'll wrap it up here. You can hear more NBA talk on the rotor wire NBA show. Check that out on SiriusXM, 7 to 7:30 EST every night. That's myself and Alex Barutha, and listen to us on Fantasy Sports Radio as well. Rotowire Fantasy Sports today, 12 to 2 PM EST, Monday through Thursday. I'm there with Jeff Erickson. We do have a shortened show today, though. We're we're only doing 1 hour because of the FSWA Awards. So, hopefully, we'll we'll be, you know, doing a guest spot on there, Brandon. We are up for an FSWA award for this very podcast. So we will know in the next couple of hours if we could bring that one home. It's been a great year for Rotowire on the award side of things. Great chatting with you as always. And, again, go check out Brandon's prize picks videos. You can find those on the RotoWire NBA Twitter account, the RotoWire Twitter account. We post those as YouTube shorts as well. Instagram, TikTok. Good exposure for the RotoWire picks tool. Good exposure for our guy, Brandon, who typically hits at a high rate. So check those out. Like, subscribe to our channel as well. That helps us out immensely. We'll be doing these 5 episodes per week through the end of the NBA season. We got doctor Ray and Rick Kamla coming up tomorrow, and then Alex Barutha with Ken and Shannon talking waiver wire on Friday.