Welcome to the award winning Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by underdog fantasy. It's Friday, December 8, 2023. Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwan and Ken K train. All aboard. All aboard. I will apologize to everybody in advance. I'm recovering for being sick. I will try not to cough in everybody's ears who is listening to this podcast, but that's why I sound like I have tissue paper stuck up my nose. Last night, the Lakers beat the Pelicans 133 to 89 in Las Vegas during the late in season tournament game. Lakers took off in the Q2. They never looked back. I mean, it was basically a home game for the Lakers. We can we can we can kinda talk about some of the dynamics of this when we talk about the next game, which I'm not looking forward to. But New Orleans struggled 36% from the field. Trey Murphy, who came off the bench, was the team's highest scorer with 14 points. LeBron went for 30. Very Three charges? Very. Yeah. Very. Efficient 30 took 3 charges. Lakers shoot 55%. It was it was just a route. Like, they they just dominated. I I mean, Ken, did you have any takeaways from this game other than just, like, maybe it's a bad game for the Pelicans? You know, Zion a reporter asked Zion what he was gonna do with the $500,000 if he won, and he just laughed. So maybe they party the they party the little early in Las Vegas before they yeah. I love what Austin Reeve said after the game. He he mentioned those three charges that LeBron said. Look. When your best player's all in, taking charges, one of those charges was from the rotund, Williamson. He's like, we we were so excited. I mean, you know, and, James has given up his body at age 38. And it he hit, like, 3 threes in a row in that second quarter. They were deep. They were like logo threes, and you're like, oh my goodness. 9 of 12 from the field to hit all 4 of his threes. You know, what's great for the Lakers too is they basically got to take the second half off for the most part. So AD and Lebron should have plenty in the tank for, Saturday's game. Yeah. Shannon, we saw, like I mentioned, Trey Murphy was the team's highest score, for the Pelicans. He's still coming off the bench, though. Any concerns about that, or do you think, like, he there's still a good chance he ends up playing 30 minutes a game off the bench, maybe they put up with the starting lineup at some point. You know, Herb Jones is still in there right now. Yeah. I mean, that that 43 to 17 3rd quarter by the Lakers base basically makes last night's game, you know, absolutely. And there there's no reason to really there's no big takeaways from last night's game. As soon as it turned into a blowout, you know, nothing really matters what happened with the Pelicans from there. So the 22 minutes that Murphy saw last night, I'm not worried about. Like you said, he was still the leading scorer, 14 points in those 22 minutes. Anytime he was on the floor, he was very aggressive on the offensive end. You know, he's played 22, 30, and 22 minutes in the 3 games since he's returned from injury. Having some rust kind of being eased back into rotation shouldn't be a big surprise, but the fact that he already hit 30 minutes basically, alleviates any concerns I would have. Will he be in the starting lineup? I think that's a bigger question mark. I don't Herbert Herbert Jones has been playing so well for the Pelicans that I think they're gonna stick with them for at least a little while. I mean, they're 12 and 11. They had some success in the in season tournament. But if maybe if the overall team play falls off, they'll they'll insert Murphy in the starting lineup. But right now, I fully expect Murphy, at least in the short term, to continue to be deployed kind of as a scoring threat off the bench. I have no concerns about him from a fantasy perspective. I I was very high on him before he suffered his injury during the during training camp, and and I expect him to be a monster, especially for rotisserie leagues top 100 player. Great percentages, 3 pointers, some defensive stats. I I love Trey Murphy for Fantasy this year. I mean, if he's getting 30 minutes a game, he almost prefer he comes off the bench because if he's gonna be mixed in with backups, he's gonna be a higher priority, higher usage rate when he's on the floor than trying to get the ball from McCollum or Zion or Ingram. Absolutely. You wanna talk about the early game, Ken? Yes. I'm sorry, Alex. But the Indiana Pacers beat Alex's Milwaukee Bucks. 128, 119 in Vegas, 37 point 4th quarter really won it for the Pacers. Halliburton was fantastic again. 27 points on 11 of 19 shooting, 15 dimes, 7 rebounds. Interesting. The Indiana bench outscored Milwaukee's bench 43 to 13. 13. Halliburton hit a a late 4th quarter, 3 pointer dagger really to win it for the Pacers, and he flashed the game time watch pose. That was delicious. I enjoyed that. Alex, though, you added a note about Buck Bucks veteran challenges coaches and teammates. What was this all about? Yeah. Bobby Portis, in the locker room. This is, I think, from Chris Haynes of Bleacher Report. Bobby Portis was in the locker room challenging Adrian Griffin challenging his teammates. I think about effort, etcetera. But, obviously, a long time coming, to to be honest. I look, this game first of all, I just wanna say Tyrese Halliburton is insane. He's so good. I mean, we all we all knew this. We play fantasy for a long time, but my god. I mean, he goes for 26 and 13, a triple double against Boston, the best defensive backcourt in the league with 0 turnovers, then goes for another 0 turnover game against the Bucks with 27 and 15. He has 4 games this year of 0 turnovers. All of them at least 13 assists. It's unreal. But, yeah, he's he's ridiculous. And yeah. Yeah. The the bucks, they went to a zone, and it was horrible. I mean, I really don't know what they were doing out there. It was like a zone in the Q3. They're giving up wide open, you know, free throw line jumpers to Bruce Brown in the middle of the lane. There's dunker spot guys. Guys are hitting threes. It was just you know, the the Bucks had a decent quarter, but a decent couple like, the middle of the game for the Bucks was okay. Like, 2nd in the Q3 was fine, but they got crushed in the 4th. It was horrible. The Pacers make Boston and Milwaukee. They look they look old. You know, they just can't keep up with that 4 quarter run and gun pace. Yeah. It was, it was awful. Let's see. I I don't know if there were any you know? Alright. Looks like it's Awesome. Now I don't you froze for a second there, Al. Here we go. Oh, I think you're back. I think you're back. I'm back. Sorry, guys. I was saying former former Celtic Aaron Neesmith looked amazing. I don't think he's that good for Fantasy. But as a real life player, he is a great house of guy. He has learned from the experience in Boston that when his shots and all he's got to hustle on defense and he just keeps hustling and hustling also and they love him for it. They keep throwing him minutes, playing on a power forward even though he's 66 maybe. You know, they do love the hustle minutes from Nesmith, but you're right. Fantasy wise, it doesn't help as much, but so much energy. Yeah. Whitney Smith, I mean, he he had a spot start. It wasn't even a spot start. He took over the start starting power forward gig from Toppin for one game, but then he but then Nesmith got injured and missed the next game in Toppin had a nice little run and basically reclaimed that starting role. Neesmith has still been the guy closing games. He's been in the closing lineup for the Pacers most nights. Yeah. Just great hustle, great effort. I I do think in deeper leagues, he is a fantasy option. Toppin has been hot from the field. His rebounding is terrible for a guy 69, but he has been hot shooting 6 of 8 and was again 6 of 8, in the Bucks win. He's on a bit of a tear. We'll see if he keeps that going. But so, Alex, tell us about Saturday. Well, Saturday, the in season tournament championship, final title game. I don't know what you call it. Pacers versus Lakers. That's tomorrow. The game does not count for fantasy or regular season totals. Winner gets $500,000 for each player, maybe each coach. Can't quite remember. So we have to ask, Shannon, who do you have for this game? Tough. I I am gonna take the Pacers. Woah. I I believe in Halliburton. I mean, LeBron, AD, the Lakers are playing really well. And it certainly looks like, you know, LeBron has stated that he wants this, you know, on he wants to have the inseams in in season tournament, be the first one of the, you know, the first champion, in season tournament champion. So LeBron's definitely motivated, and he's playing super well. But I I believe in the Halliburton magic, and I think this is just part of his full breakout. You know, I I'm with Shannon. I'm taking the Pacers too. I just don't think those Laker guards can keep up, the pace with the Pacers and Halliburton. I see Buddy Hield getting some open threes. I just don't see, D'Angelo Russell or Reeves. I think they ought to give a lot of minutes to Cam Reddish. She's the only one I think that might be able to keep this pace going, but I just think they're gonna run LeBron and AD off the floor. I'm gonna take the Lakers kind of regrettably because I do love what the Pacers are doing, but it's a home game for them. I mean, like, it is it is. Yeah. I mean, I well, I so as a quick aside, I think having the Lakers in the finals, you know, Nick Friedel tweeted that it would be such a big that the league needs the Lakers or the Knicks are these big markets in the finals. I think specifically having the Lakers in the finals for this game is massive for the optics for the NBA because if you were paying attention on Twitter and even watching that Bucks Pacers game, last night, the crowd was like nonexistent. Like, it was horrible. I mean, there was people who were taking pictures who were in the crowd. It was like 50% full. You know, they dim the lights around. You can't tell nobody's there. They're blaring music. So the atmosphere seems better. I mean, it's a terrible atmosphere for the first game, seriously. But so sure. The Lakers game. Short drive from LA. It makes sense. Right? I mean, all the fans are there. We knew it'd be kinda home game. I remember in the betting picks article yesterday, I pointed out, hey, the Lakers have, like, they give up, like, 8 fewer points on defense per game when they play at home versus the road. And, yeah, as you said, that sounded like and look like a home Laker crowd, which just geography wise makes a lot of sense. Well, I don't I don't think the NBA is gonna go with a Thursday 2 PM Pacific tip-off for the for the in season semis next year. That certainly didn't help, and and it made me realize too. I I know, I have to look up the data on this, but I have some experience with those those unexpected or the you know, day games in the NBA are pretty rare. You you might have some on Saturdays Sundays, but but players are going to be accustomed to that. But having them during the week is super rare. Right? You have, like, MLK Day, and that's about it. Maybe some other holidays where they would do it, but it doesn't happen very often. And I know I've been in Vegas for multiple MLK days. It's actually one of my favorite days of the year because you have NBA from, like, 9 AM all the all the way through the end of the night. And those early games, they often fall that they hit the under on a very regular basis, and the Pacers Bucks game is a prime example. I mean, that game had a ridiculous, the line was ridiculous. I think 250 something. 257. 2 57. 2 50 7. 2 50 7 years. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. And as soon as it started, you know, it started off pretty slow in the Q1. I was like, dang. I should've I should've actually thought about that early tip-off time and just how players aren't accustomed to doing that, and it probably, you know, they probably will take a little while to get into their groove. Well, there was some news outside of the in season tournament that broke yesterday. Not great for Shannon's Pistons. Jalen Duran is now out 2 weeks with more ankle issues, you know, because the Pistons need more bad news now. During miss 7 games in November due to, similar ankle issues, Shannon is the opportunity for beef stew, Bagley, or Wiseman. Well, one thing I'm certainly not gonna do is try to pretend like I can predict what Monty Williams will do with his starting rotation, his rotation as a whole. You know, during his missed games in the past, we had we had Begley get those starts. I think that's the most likely scenario is Begley gets plugged in the starting lineup. A beef stew yeah. I I know a lot of Pistons fans are calling for beef stew to get moved up to the 5, reinsert, Asar Thompson into the starting lineup alongside Bogdanovic, Cade, and then Hayes or Ivy. Bistu just doesn't have the size to be a to be a center. I I think the rebounding is gonna suffer significantly. He's 68. He has no vertical. Marvin Begley's a mess on defense, but he has he has more size, and he can actually jump off the floor. So Marvin Begley or Wiseman, I would say are more likely to get spot starts, in place of Jalen Duran. But hopefully, you know, Monty could surprise and go with beef stew. It does definitely prolong beef stew's viability as a fantasy option. I think we we will eventually get to a point, maybe it's not until January where, you know, it's gonna definitely not gonna be until after during returns. But beef stew will become obsolete at some point this season. This just gives him an extra few weeks where he will be able to contribute if you're in 12 team or deeper leagues. You know, I was I was surprised when I went to, you know, we put together our waiver wire picks, and I went to see beef stew's roster percentage. It's at 56. I was like, that is shocking. I was gonna I was gonna make them one of my pickups, and I was like, can't do it. Too many people have them already. But we'll I we'll talk about that situation more. Starts at power 4, but now it's now Bogdanovic's back. So that he's on as Shannon says, he's kind of on the clock here. We'll see, how much he's got left. Alright, gentlemen. Oh, I also wanna, happy birthday shout out today to Boston Celtic and Wisconsinite Slam Hauser. Happy birthday, Slam. Yes. The Celtics are trying to We know we know you're listening. That's what I'm saying. Alex, tell us about our good friends at Underdog. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and VFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to Rota Wire with the promo code RW NBA. That's promo code RW NBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today. Use promo code RWMBA to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. That's code RWNBA. Alright, guys. Let's go to our live fan feedback. Have some excellent questions in the feed. I'm gonna start with this one, John Collins for Cameron Johnson trade. Any thoughts on that fellas? Because that's like an interesting, like, deeper league, like, bench guy for bench guy trade. Look, Collins has been pretty good lately, you know, especially with like marketing out Kessler's coming off the bench stuff like that. He's still like not, he's still barely inside the top 100. I believe His numbers haven't really blossomed with Markkanen out. I keep kinda hope. Yeah. He's he's a little more involved, but he's still, like, outside the top of a 100. I would rather have Cam Johnson to to kinda put a poll on it. He's just proven to have higher higher upside at this point. And John's or Collins, I should say, Collins is is having his opportunity, and he's not taking advantage of it. So I think it's I think it's just over. Right? Like, it the the the hope of John Collins being like a top 50 player again, just gone. Gone. Alright. Let's and this one's let's start with Shannon on this one. Oh, I'm gonna go with Cam Johnson Cam Johnson as well, especially if you need our 3 pointers. You know, he's the obvious choice there. I I really hasn't been healthy this season yet. I don't think we've seen the best of Cam Johnson this year. Yep. And and he is, you know, he's starting, for the Nets even after Cam Thomas returned from injury. Cam Johnson stayed in the starting lineup. So it is Cam Johnson. You know, they're Jack Collins is at risk of once Kessler gets healthy, once Olenek gets healthy, and Markkanen that he could lose minutes, if not a starting spot, somewhere down the line because he's the one different. He's he's the thing that's different from the team last year. They had early season success last year. They have John Collins locked in the starting lineup this season, and they're not nearly as effective. So I could see him getting moved out of the rotation at some point as well, the starting rotation. Alright, Shannon. You you take this one. Zach traded CJ McCollum for Drew Holiday. Would like to get your thoughts. I like it. I I think it's solid. It's pretty, pretty even trade. You know, essentially, if you have bigger needs in one area, you want more steals, you'd go with holiday. Holiday typically will have better percentages as well. CJ might offer more upside on the 3 pointers, but things like assist are typically pretty, pretty even. I I think Holiday might be might be, a little bit higher on assist this year than he usually is though. But it it's a fairly even trade, and I don't think there's like one huge winner one way or the other. I think I would side with CJ, but but, again, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna hammer either side as a true winner. I might lean the other way, 1, biased to Celtics, but also a little worried about CJ's lung issue and whether that's cleared up or not. And so I could you know, you're not gonna deal him if he's, out another week or 2 because of that. Alright. One last one. This one, back to you, Alex. Another holiday, but not nearly as high ranked. Nikhil Alexander Walker or Aaron Holiday? Are you are you on a 20 team league, sir? These are our people Alex, please. No, I know. Look, I know holiday. Yeah. Holiday had the popped off for like 22 points. The other day kind of randomly. I, you know, I wouldn't say I'm like worried in a massive way about his minutes with Amen Thompson coming back, but I would say that gives me some concern. Of course, on the other hand with Alexander Walker, you have Jagan McDaniels who's going to come back. I mean, honestly, I wish I could tell you neither. Like, is this a trade? Is this like a waiver wire situation? I might oh, man. I mean, I think Aaron Holiday How about just how about just the next week or 2? Well, Shagun, do you have a strong opinion on this? I'll I'll pivot to you because yeah. Yes. The the answer is no. You know, Nikhil Alexander Walker is the answer. That's who I prefer. Neither one of them has great upside, has been established by their play this season and past years. But Alexander Walker, you know, if for some reason we get an absence from Ed an extended absence from Edwards, Alexander Walker will be asked to take on a heavier load. That's why he had that one big 53 point fantasy game. I think it might have been the game that that, that Ant was injured in. I think so. So I'm I'm going with Alexander Walker. I I agree. Amen. When when Amen Thompson returns, and we're gonna talk a little bit more about Amen Thompson later, when he returns, Holiday is out of the rotation. He is like 5 minutes per game max. There he he's just not that guy. Even in spot starts, he he's well below a fantasy point per minute in spot starts for his career. You know, you're basically you're looking at one big performance. He's had 2 30 point fantasy point performances this year, and the most recent one came on December 6th. So that's why he's being brought up, but I would not overreact to that performance. I expect him to be out of the lineup very out of the rotation very soon because Thompson probably returning within the next few days. Alright. Excellent advice, gentlemen. Alex, take us now to the waiver wire. It's waiver wire time, ladies and gentlemen. If you are new to the segment, this is how we do it. We each have 3 suggestions. 2 of those are quote, unquote regular picks rostered in 50% or fewer of typically Yahoo leagues. One long shot pick typically roster in 25% or fewer Yahoo leagues. This week, upcoming week, I should say. This upcoming week, all but 6 teams play 4 times. Those 6 teams have 3 games. So after a short week this week with the in season tournament, the NBA is making it up next week by, destroying everybody's knees, ankles, hips, etcetera. For the ratings, Alex. Yeah. Well, we'll see about that. Alex, who is your number one pick here? My number one pick is Shannon's Killian Hayes. 28% roster, Detroit Pistons. Look, I we you know, Nick and I did, our Monday podcast, and, we got so many questions about the Pistons. They are the number one team garnering the most questions from fans at this point. Do I drop a Sar Thompson? Do I drop beef stew? What's going on with Duran? What's going on with Jake and Ivy? Look. Nobody knows. Nobody knows what's going on. Monty doesn't know. Monty doesn't know what's going on. He spins a wheel every morning to determine his starting lineup. But Killian Hayes has started the past 3 games. He started much of the season before that. He's averaging 16, 4, and 4 during this stretch. He's 28% rostered, so he's available in most leagues. I think he's just worth picking up just to see if it continues. Like, he is worth having on a 12 team roster if he's playing 30 minutes a game for his assists and steals upside. I'm not gonna tell you that he won't start coming off the bench again, that his minutes won't continue to go back and forth, but it's at at least worth acknowledging that he is starting now. And his shooting his shooting has gone from horrendous to just poor. That's great for for Kellyanne. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he was, you know, high thirties. Now he's at almost 43% field goal percentage, which is a huge upgrade. Ken, who is your first suggestion? Well, first, let me say fans, if you like our videos, please hit like and subscribe below. I have two names that that we mentioned last week, and I'm gonna repeat in my first two picks this week. The first one is center Derek Lively of the Dallas Mavericks. He's rostered in 55% of teams on Yahoo. Some cheating a little, but only 16% on ESPN. ESPN get with it. The rookie is the starting center for Dallas. I can't stress that enough. He is their starting center. The Mavericks, like most teams, have 4 games, next week. And in Lively's 4 games since returning from a minor back issue, he's averaging 10 and a half points, 7 and a half rebounds, and here's the huge one. 3.3 blocks a game while shooting 83% from the field. Dunks from Luca tend to juice your field goal percentage. Look. There's an old team that needs some young legs and Lively has that. Plus, finally finally, given the Mavs some rim protection. He's, he's gonna be annoying if you if you're in a daily lineup league or you're playing DFS because his performances are up and down. Yeah. But over over the long term, over a period of a whole week, 2 weeks, a month, whatever, it all evens out. He's gotten better pretty much every single game. It seems like he's he's improving. Shannon, who was your first suggestion? Alright. I'm gonna go with a guy that has been around for a while, Derek Jones. You know, he he's he's bounced around between Phoenix, Miami, Portland, Chicago. He's in Dallas this year. Oddly, he's only 26. I I swear he was older than that, but he's putting together a career year. He's basically been locked into the the Mavericks starting lineup, starting all but one game this season. And he's picked up his production of late over the past 3 game or 4 games, 3 of which were starts. He's averaging 16.8 points, 4.5 rebounds, 1 steal, and 3.33 pointers. He's shooting 56% from the floor and 80% from the line over that 4 game stretch. The Mavericks are gonna have to find players that work well alongside Luca and Kyrie. Josh Green's out right now. Grant Williams out. So Derek Jones is benefit benefiting some from that. But he gives them a defensive presence on the wing. He can hit 3 pointers. You know, I I don't think the value is going to be sustained for a a long stretch, but for as long as he's playing this way and playing 30 minutes or more per game, I think he's worth a look in definitely 14 teamers, and possibly 12 teamers if it's a deep deep enough roster. Always good blocks for a wing, and Josh Green's out probably 2 weeks at least. So there's a big opportunity. Yeah. Only 13% roster at Yahoo. There we go. Alex, who's your second pick? Alex Caruso of the Chicago Bulls who is 39% rostered Zach LaVine's out 3 to 4 weeks, which means 2 things. 1, Caruso's gonna play more. 2, the bulls are gonna continue winning games. LaVine has missed the past 3 games. Caruso got hurt in the 2nd game, but in the 1st and third game saw 29 minutes and 30 minutes, which is obviously very good. In just 24 minutes per game this season, Caruso was ranked 91st. So if you're seeing closer to 30 minutes per game for a month, you gotta add him. Basically, he's a he's mostly a steel specialist. Look at you some blocks from a guard position, and some assists as well. But, he's in a really good spot with with LaVine out for potentially up to a month and maybe having played his last game in a Bulls jersey. Yeah. That's true. He's he is a top of a lot of trade rumors. I guess they like that comp people like that contract. I think the Bulls dislike it, and are hoping someone else will find it tolerable. Are you talking about LaVine or Caruso? Oh, LaVine. LaVine. I was talking about Caruso. Sorry. Oh, no. No. No. Yeah. Caruso's awesome. They got showcase him. Right. Ken, who is your second suggestion? Also a repeat from last week. My apologies. But Sadiq Bey, starting forward for your Atlanta hawks. He's 52% rostered on Yahoo, 20% on ESPN. He started the last 5 games for the hawks, and over those starts, he's averaged 14 and a half points, 6 and a half boards, 2.6 triples, and 1.2 steals while shooting a red hot 58% from the field and 90% from the charity stripe. Hey. Jalen Johnson is out till after Christmas. They had a big 21.7 rebound game on Wednesday before the in season stuff, and the hawks have 4 games next week. Hey. Bay is a streaky outside shooter, but play him while he's hot. I could confidently say the Pistons would have twice as many wins if Bay was still under us. Yeah. What they get in that Bay trade? I forget what what do they Only a wise man. Wise man? Yeah. Yes. Oh, Shannon. Yeah. Who's your second suggestion here before you go on a Pistons rant? I'm gonna take I'm gonna take my recommendations to South Beach and highlight Caleb Martin. You know, the playoff breakout star for the heat last year, 28 year old forward. Kayla Martin started his 1st game for the heat on December 6th against Toronto, had a monster game, 24 points, 12 rebounds, 3 assists, 9 for 16 from the floor, 4 for 7 from downtown, 46 fantasy points. His role has steadily grown since returning to act action. You know, he was out the 1st part of the season with an injury, but he's now played 10 straight games. I believe we will see Caleb Martin play about 28:30 minutes per game for the Heat. He is definitely a hold in 14 team leagues. I think he's a he's a pickup in 12 team leagues. I like Caleb Martin. I like what he can do for for Fantasy rosters, and I'm not a believer in Highsmith. So Haywood Highsmith has been the starting power forward. I I wouldn't be surprised if the Heat just go with a smaller lineup moving forward. And I do think there's a chance Caleb Martin could stick in that in that starting spot for an extended stretch here. In short term, they really need Martin scoring in that starting lineup while Bam's out. We'll see what Spolster does when Bam comes back. But, yeah, they can't afford a Highsmith when they also have, what is it, Orlando Robinson at center? Which Orlando Robinson, I think it's good. We should highlight him. He's not one of our our top waiver wire picks, but he has been pretty damn good, in spot starts for Bam. Over the past 2 games, 31 minutes, 15 points, 8 and a half rebounds, 1.5 steals. If you need a big man, you know, especially in daily leagues, Orlando Robinson is worth a look, to be determined how long Bam's gonna be out. But it's it's last week, I mentioned Thomas Bryant. It is not Thomas Bryant. It is Orlando Robinson. So that's the guy if you're looking for a big man to pick up. Alex, who's your long shot for this week? Marvin Bagley. You cannot lay off those Pistons. I know, gross. 9% rostered. I feel like I should, like, have, like, a down. Jalen Duran's out 2 weeks as a starter. Bagley's averaging 13 and 6. You know, like, I we have to see what the Pistons do tonight. I think that's important Friday night, how they approach Duran being out as we alluded to earlier in the show. Bagley has been starting, averages 13 at 6 with almost 2 assists like a block. Like, that's fine to start, especially on a 4 game week into 12 team league. But with Monty Williams, you just never know. Maybe they start Wiseman. Maybe they shift Isaiah Stewart up to the 5, bringing a new starting 5. So just see what the Pistons do tonight, but tentatively speaking, Marvin Bagley is an ad. And Bagley have an opportunity. I don't trust money to stick with any 5 during these 2 weeks. I think he'll be constantly tinkering as they lose more and more, and we'll see. We'll see. I hope you're right about Marvin. Who's your long shot, Ken? Today, I shifted from my usual long shot to my, more natural boring pick of the week, which we used to also do in prior seasons. I'm gonna DFS, Dorian Finney Smith is rostered in 25% of leagues. Finney Smith now qualifies as a forward center on Yahoo. I don't know why. Okay. But he does. Brooklyn has 4 games next week. In DFS's last 5 games, 12 points, 6 boards, 2.2 stocks, which he's always been good at, and 2.6 threes over almost 33 minutes a game. He's also shooting 50% from the field. Frankly, the nets needs Phinney Smith's defense in there. I think he's gonna keep getting monster minutes. Just a nice streaming option when the Knicks have, the Nets have 4 games as they do this upcoming week, but it is boring. He lacks upside, but a nice safe streaming option for you. And with DFS as well, you know, he he did move to a reserve role when Cam Thomas returned, but he still played 30 minutes off the bench Yeah. In the most recent game on December 6th. So I I like it. I like it, Kent. My long shot of the week, going with I'm going with Amen Thompson. You know, I've been really thinking about it, praying, and that's the answer. Wow. He he's been out. Right? He's been out since early November with an ankle injury, but he is now healthy, and he is on assignment with the Rio Grande Valley Vipers in the g league. And he made his g league debut earlier this week and had an absolutely monster game. 29 points, 16 rebounds, 11 assists, 3 steals, 2 blocks in 40 minutes. This guy is bonkers. He's the better of the you know, coming at least going into the draft, he was considered the better of the Thompson Twins. And everyone saw how how solid Asar was the the first couple weeks of the season before Monty started tinkering with things in Detroit. Ahmed Thompson is is more of a stash, though. 10 team, 12 team leagues, it's not even worth it. Your benches aren't deep enough. But if you're in a 14, 16 team league, deeper format where he is available and you have room on your bench to stash someone, he's more of a second half of the season guy, as far as upside goes. I do think he's gonna knock a guy like Aaron Holiday out of the rotation, for the Rockets. And long term, he could even take minutes from guys like Dillon Brooks. Dillon Brooks had a great start to the season, and he's coming off a good game against Oklahoma City, but he has a lot of stinkers in between. And I wouldn't be surprised if this team, depending on where they are in the standings, wanna start giving minutes to Thompson. He has the size even though he was drafted as a point guard, played primarily as a point guard last year. You know, he has size where they could plug him in at the 2 or the 3, and he play alongside Jalen Green and Fred Van Fleet. This depth of the Rockets is just annoying. It is annoying. Why is 37 year old Jeff Green on this roster? Tari Eason deserves more minutes. Jayson Tate. Is he should he play or not? I don't know, but make up your freaking mind. Like Aaron, you know, just what are you doing with Cam Whitmore? You're not gonna develop Whitmore at all with all these old guys. I it just it just didn't know it. Reggie Bullock is on this team. What the hell is going on in Houston? I don't know. But they're 9 to 9. So 9. We hey. Welcome to the middle. Congratulations. Yeah. Okay. Let's, it's probably time to go to wave or, yes. Alex, take us to the Friday DFS picks advice from you and Shannon. Every team in the league plays today except the Pacers and the Lakers. So get ready for a huge day of DFS. Highest over under is a modest 241a half from, the hawks at the 70 sixers. Look, we got a bunch of injuries today, to prominent players to rant out. Trae Young's game time decision. We got Jalen Duran we talked about. Porzingis is probably gonna come back. Daniel Gaffer is questionable. Evan Mobley is questionable. Bam's out. LaVine's out. Markkanen's still out. So just check it. You know, check the lineups. Check the rotor wire injury page. All that stuff. Lineup optimizer. Check the optimizer. Absolutely. When you but, Shannon, when you look at today's slate, is there one specific place, your eyes go first? Well, we talked about it about him a little bit earlier, but Orlando Robinson is is our highest value of the night. He is 55100 on FanDuel. As mentioned, Bam Adebayo's out already for Friday night's game, and Orlando Robinson's going to get the spot start. He's coming off a very solid outing, in which he had 46 fantasy points in 33 minutes, 15 points, 12 rebounds, 33 steals, 1 block. 55100, he he's going up in in price. His salary is definitely higher than it was a week ago, but he's still a very solid value at that place. So that's I mean, immediately, whether it's on FanDuel or DraftKings, that's the guy who I plugged in my lineup first. Yeah. I think it's a good option. Not an easy matchup necessarily going up against Cleveland, but I think they'll need him out there. I was a little worried when they were going he were going up against the that they would maybe try some small ball, get the, you know, but I I don't think they'll do that here. And they've proven to like Orlando Robinson. You know, some other, interesting matchups. I think here, you have Detroit versus Orlando. You know, we talked about, Jalen Duran being out. We'll see what they do there. I think there's some Betatze or or, Movaagner opportunities. I'm curious about Cole Anthony going up against the backcourt of the Detroit Pistons, without Jalen Suggs available. I think that could be a big opportunity for him to have a big game after we saw what was it? Desmond Bane went for was it 49 against 49? It's it's not just Desmond Bane either. It's also I I've been telling everyone, you know, go go the over for whatever lead guard is facing the Pistons, go the over. You had D'Angelo Russell go for, like, 60 fancy points last week against the Pistons. Then you had Brunson drop over 60 fancy points. And then Bane had over 70 Fantasy points gets Pistons. Whoever the leave guard is and tonight with the magic, it's definitely Cole Anthony. Cole Anthony probably won't even start. They'll probably start. Yeah. They'll probably 5 plus minutes. Yep. He will. They'll probably start Ant Black and and Gary, man, I wanted to call him Gary Suggs, but that's not right. Gary Harris. Gary Harris. Gary Harris. Because Jaylen Suggs and and and Fultz are both out. Or Suggs' game time decision questionable right now. I would be surprised if he played, based on on the exit that he took in the previous game with that injury. Suggs is out. Alright. He yep. He just got ruled out this morning, actually. So he is out now. So that I mean, that leaves the opportunity. It's gonna be Gary Harrison, Black Cole Anthony are gonna be the guards. Cole Anthony is the guy. He's already put together monster's fancy performance fantasy performances this year. He's not cheap. He's 71 100 on FanDuel, but I would not be surprised to to see him have a monster game against Pistons. Alex, you know, the big that big over under of 241 for the hawks and Sixers. Who do you like in that game? Yeah, I mean, I think this is a good opportunity. Well, look, I mean, Trey Young's questionable. So keep an eye on that. But, you know, I if young is out, it's in theory. You want to go to jaunte Murray, but go probably put it probably have the d'Anthony Melton treatment, which will make it a bit of a struggle for him. That's that's kind of interesting to me. Look, I don't think Capella or a Kang Wu could really deal with Embiid either. I'm a kinda lean towards Embiid there. Hunter and Bay are like decent cash options or we just need a lineup filler, you know, because they're starting to bias Harrison Batum on the wing. Neither of those guys are good defenders. So, that's an option there. I will say one guy I I like on the slate outside of this game, Anthony Edwards, going up against the Memphis Grizzlies, they don't have any buggy to guard him. It's I mean, that could end up being, like, we could see like a 49 point game. I got Edwards. So I like him as like a pay up option. You know, this is a we have Boston versus New York. Can we've seen these teams play? What twice already? At least Knicks always bring it against Boston. I don't know what it is. I think the Knicks view this as a rivalry. I'm not sure the Celtics do. You know, Porzingis is clearly not going to be a 100% coming back from his calf injury. So, I could see another big game from Randall. Quentin Grimes griping about his role, by the way, recently. I don't know what that's all about. I'd be like, Quentin, be happy that you're starting in the NBA. But, I'm I'm a yeah. I'm worried about the seas tonight. They've had lots of time to prep for this, but I Knicks always bring it against Boston. I can't explain why. Yeah. It must be tough worrying about a 15 and 5 team. Alright. So It's a burden. Yeah. One one other team I wanna highlight for DFS purposes, Portland. We've got, Jeremy Grant's already been ruled out. Ayton was, listed as doubtful. Last I checked, yeah, it looks like he's unlikely to play, which opens up some things in the front court for Portland. You have Kamara, received a spot start in the most recent game over, for at PowerForward in place of Grant. And then, you know, it's always fun when there's just a totally unexpected name. I I will fully admit I've never heard this guy's name spoken aloud, but, Duwop Reef Yes. Is gonna be the starting center again for Portland, assuming Aiden does indeed sit out. He he started the most recent game, for Portland and put up, yeah, decent game, 22 minutes, 10 points, 6 rebounds, 1 steal, 1 block. He'll he'll he'll get another start tonight most likely. Kamara will. Jabari Walker, was heavily owned in the December 6th slate, with Grant out, but he ended up coming off the bench. Didn't play as many minutes as most folks expected. If for some reason, Walker's announced as the starter, I like him for tonight's slate over Kamara. I don't know if that'll happen, in which case, I'm probably avoiding the power forward spot, but Duop Reef, especially on, DraftKings, I think, is a solid value. And that's a that's a roster where you can start 2 centers and can even go Orlando Robinson and Duwop. You know what I love about Duwop? 27 year old two way contract. I didn't even know it was legal to give a two way contract to someone that old. But good for him. Good for him. I hope he has a baller game tonight. Only only player ever to play in the NBA out of Lee College, before he went to LSU, Naz Reed's alma mater. You know, you love some Naz Reed. Yes, I do. Anything else on this slate, Shannon? Before we before we wrap things up. Take covers it. Let's go get those bags. Okay. Well, it's time Ken for your old man rant. Argh. Hey, New Orleans Pelicans. How about trying? The pals were terrible last night. They almost single handedly ruined the whole in season tournament. New Orleans shot 36% from the field. Brandon Ingram, wasn't this a revenge game for you? Overhyped Zion shot 1 for 6 from the free throw line. Both of these forwards were a minus 33 in point differential, which is basically over 3 quarters because it was such a blow up, they got yanked. Did these 2 guys play poker all night Wednesday? What the heck? The Pell scored 17 points in the Q3. Veteran CJ McCollum shot 4 of 14 and was a minus 38 point differential. Minus 38? The Lakers outrebounded New Orleans 59 to 42. Pels, you'll always be a small market afterthought with crap efforts like this. Ken, picking up a small market. I wouldn't expect anything else from a Celtics fan. You're welcome. Yeah. Yeah. I think we we avoided any mispronounced names today. We got the Duwop wreath mentioned, which is awesome. But that that will wrap it up for us. Thank you everybody for joining us on the Roadwire Fantasy Basketball podcast. It is presented by underdog fantasy. Ken, take us out of here. Let's go back to Las Vegas. We're on TNT. Charles Barkley roasted Zion Williamson after the Pells got blown out by those Lakers. Charles said, quote, the thing that disturbs me is he's not a young kid. When Moses Malone called me fat and lazy, I was a rookie. He's been in the league long enough. He's got 2 guys on the team that are better players than him, and they shouldn't be, end quote. Attention passengers. This 3 car, fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.