Welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by underdog and, FanDuel. It is February 2nd, Friday. I'm botching this intro, but, thank you everybody for being here. I'm here with Shannon, McEwen, and Ken, K train Christ. All aboard. Speaking of award winning, I believe this podcast was just nominated for another FSWA award. Yep. See. I mean, now we get nominated. I don't even care anymore. We're the nominate we're not nominate are we nominated? We're in the semifinals, or we're on the I don't know. What's the right word for that? I don't know. Nominated. We'll see. It's it's their mistake. So, not not really our problem. Speaking of mistakes, Joel Embiid played the other night. Now he has a torn meniscus. This is all this is all allegedly. So, Sham Sharania tweeted that he tore his meniscus, but then Adrian Wojnarowski and Chris Haines said that it was just a meniscus injury, and that a tear hadn't been confirmed. My opinion on this is that you would not report that it was a tear if it was a like, reporters are always going to lean cautious. They're never going to be like, this guy tore his ACL. Just kidding. They're always like, it's an injury and then he tore it. So the fact that Shamsaki tore it to me means that he probably tore it. Yeah. The 65 games rule, I I feel like this is partially a product of that. It has nothing to do with Jonathan Kuminga also falling on his leg. There's that aspect of it too. All we know right now is that, Embiid is at least out through the weekend until a treatment plan becomes finalized, I think, is the is the phrasing from the team where look. Any meniscus injury is basically a tear. Meniscus injury, best case scenario is like a 3 week injury. Worst case scenario, he gets surgery and he's done for the year. So if he's on your fantasy team, obviously, throw him on your IR until we until we learn more. But this is, this is a tough situation if you have him in fantasy. Yeah. I mean, let's remember, Embiid's been fragile. So he missed his first two NBCs, his first two NBA seasons due to an injured foot and the process. Embiid has averaged 56 game played games played per season after missing those first two years. He played 66 games last season plus playoff games. But, hey, some good news. Right? Without Embiid, Maxey scored 51 points Thursday night, and led the Sixers to a nice win in Utah. So there's some sunny news for the Philly folks. Yeah. We'll, we'll talk a little bit more about, some fantasy implications later on in the show. That is a that's an official teaser. But, Ken, we had some we have some good news going across the association. All star game reserves were announced. In the east, Jalen Brunson, Tyrese Maxey, Paolo Bontero, Donovan Mitchell, Jaylen Brown, Julius Randle, who's hurt, and Bam Adebayo. In the west, Steph Curry, AD, Paul George, Kawhi, Devin Booker, Karl Anthony Towns, and Anthony Edwards. Commissioner Silver will need to replace the injured Randle and Embiid. Shannon, who leads your list of snubbed non all stars? The 2 biggest snubs for me were both in the east, and that's Scotty Barnes for Toronto just have an absolutely monster season. I know Toronto is not having a great season, so that that probably is part of the reason why he's not on the all star team. And then Trae Young with Atlanta, 2nd in the in the NBA in assist, top 20 in scoring, top 25 in efficiency, overall offensive efficiency. Terrible defense. Lose Yes. Of course. But Trae Young Trae Young should 100% be on the all star roster. I think you can make an argument. You know, I I Jalen Brunson, fantastic caliber. And there's there's plenty of guards, Donovan Mitchell, who are on better performing teams, and they're having monster seasons as well. But there's no way I don't care if Trae Young were on the Pistons right now and had the stats that he has. I think he should be on the all star team no matter what. Would love to see Scottie Barnes be the injury replacement for Julius Randle. That seems like an obvious fit, but we shall see. Yeah. If it was if it was, Trae Young and and Scotty Barnes in there, I don't know who I would have, Trae replaced. Maybe Jaylen Brown, maybe Banchero, but that would kinda feel like a snub. Celtics are having a pretty good season. They they are having a pretty good season. Yes. I hope I'll tell you this. I hope d White is not a replacement. I want him to rest. He slumped for most of January. I want Porzingis, White, Holiday. Go relax. Go nap. This team is exhausted. They're they got problems. Team success is the only justification for having Jaylen Brown over Trae Young or Scottie Barnes on the l star team. And Derek White, I don't care about that half of it. That's the game? And then Derek White, the dude is averaging 15.7 points per game. He is not an all star just like when Tayshaun made the all star team, not an all star. Like Defense wins champions. Nah. Championships. Sorry. Championships. Well Shannon, take us to some rosy news out of Texas. Yeah. This is a little bit out of the norm for for our breaking news, but Jalen Green deserves some pipe. We need to talk about this man. He is I I think it's happening, guys. I I think it is. We'll talk about it more for DFS. But over the past week, he's the 4th ranked fantasy player. He is averaging 29.8 points, 7.2 rebounds, 3.8 assists, 1.6 steals, 3.2 threes, and 36 minutes per over 5 the last 5 games. That's almost 50 fantasy points per game. Just absolutely crushing it. You know, it is I am somewhat hesitant because this could just be a nice little hot streak that he's on. His his field goal percentage, it has increased. You know, he's well above his 41.4% on the season, and he's shooting 51 a half percent. But the 3 point shot is not, like, insane. 36% during this hot streak. I just I like he's been far more aggressive on offense. He's picking his spots and taking his rebound's coming from. The rebounds are are unbelievable. 3 straight double digit rebound games, unbelievable. But I I think it may be happening. We might see Jalen Green, you know, living up to some of that pedigree and a lot of folks who thought he was the top prospect coming out of that draft class. What happens next season when Steven Adams is the starting shooting guard for these Rockets? That's a joke. But, last night, the Rockets did trade for Steven Adams who's hurt hurt all year. A bevy of second round picks to the Grizzlies. Grizzlies wanted to clear some sorry. And Adams looks like he'll be a backup to Sangoon. Right? Are they gonna move Sangoon to power forward? As a matter of fact, that would be a backup. Veteran, you know, bruiser just that that that tough press veteran presence to have on the roster will be good for him. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we'll close with bad news out of Boston. The Lebron less, a d less Lakers still shocked the Celtics in Boston. Lakers win 114105. So the Celtics after starting 20 and o in TD Garden have now lost 3 of their last 5 at home. It's really a bad basketball stretch for the Celtics. They are limping into the all star break. But kudos to the Lakers, they hit 53% of their threes. And much like Shannon's mister rosy positive about Jalen Green, might need to make that a regular segment. Who's Shannon rosy positive about each week? I wanna give some sunshine to D'Angelo Russell who has caught fire despite that odd postgame presser where he seemed to be crying and seemed to be like he was gonna get traded. Anyway but since they put him back in the starting lineup on January 13th, Russell's averaging almost 24 and a half points, almost 7 assists over 4 3 pointers while shooting 47% from the field. This is over 11 games, and he's playing 38 minutes a game. So kudos to D'Angelo Russell. Yes. His past two games have been a little less efficient, but the 14 assist to 1 turnover against Boston is very nice. He's also going up against Derrick White, Andrew Holiday. Austin Reeves is a massive game too. 32 points on 18 shots. He got some praise from Darvin Ham after the game, who said he, just let him know he appreciated Austin Reeves. But it's time to talk about under the underdog fantasy. Underdog fantasy, they're the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player picking contests. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code RWNBA. That's promo code RWNBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free subscription and deposit bonus. That's code r w n b a. With that, let's shift to our, fan feedback segment and answer some questions live from the YouTubes and the Twitters and the other social things out there. Gentlemen, let's start with show, regular James con Chan. James says, I have Jalen Smith, Mo Bamba, Jabari Walker, and Bulakulabali. Which 2, will have a good second half need to drop to? Well, this this Embiid injury, you might wanna wait on. Like I said at the top of the show, it's possible you'll need surgery and it will be out for the year, but we don't know. Either way, I don't think Bamba we'll talk about Bamba more later. Just don't get your expectations too high for Bamba. But if you think Mike averaged 752. Okay. Jalen Smith, very up and down player. Jabari Walker, really interesting with the potential that Portland tanks. Same with Bilal, Koulibaly. Shannon, do you have any strong feelings on this group of 4 guys who for for each of their own reasons are fairly underwhelming? Yeah. I have a feeling Ken will agree with me, but my number one pick to keep of those 4 is Koulibaly. I I believe he's and we've talked about him a couple of times on the show. I believe he's gonna have a very strong second half. I picked him up in a couple of my own leagues, and kind of stashed him a little bit early. I I think he'll see routinely, eclipse 30 minutes in games, whether he's coming off bench or starting, which could be in the in the future and already happened once this week. The the second option, it's a bit tougher. I'm siding with Jabari Walker right now, but I do think it's a toss-up between him and Smith. Smith had a giant game last night in only 24 minutes, 20 points, 9 rebounds, 2 blocks, 2 steals. But his play is gonna be too erratic for me, and I do expect once Indiana's fully healthy, because they they had multiple players out last night again. They're gonna work out a rotation with with Siakam and Miles Turner in the front court. You have to expect those 2 are going to see the vast majority of minutes. And I would be surprised if Smith has many 25 to 30 minute games. Like he's had in the past week or 2, you know, he's got a couple of those right now, but I would expect his minutes to hover like in the 15 to 20 minute range most nights once that team's healthy. And with that, I think he's droppable. Alright. And then second question from David. I have Tobias Harris in my 12 team 9 category league. Is Harris gonna be stepping up now that Joel could be hurt for a while? I I think he will be. Yeah. I mean, they that's a lot of shots gone from from the 70 six. It's just a lot of rebounds gone from the 70 six sixers. Paul Reed's gonna step in. Mbombamba is probably gonna do some stuff here and there. But, yeah, Tobias took 21 shots last night, against the Utah Jazz, and I think he'll continue playing pretty well. He's shown in the past an ability to to step up his usage when he when he needs to. So I think you'll you'll have a nice stretch here. Yeah. Tobias Harris averaging 6.7 more fantasy points per game. That's with FanDuel scoring, in the 11 games without Embiid this season, that he has played in. So that's that's a significant boost. I mean, he's he basically goes from being, like, top 80, top 90 player to a top 40, 50 player. Okay. And, you know, I'm gonna rephrase, an injury question. This would be more for Alex, I think. But, any news on either the Vanderbilt injury in LA or Ethan in Houston? Are there any updates there, Alex, about either of those guys coming back? We don't know anything about Vanderbilt right now. All all we know is that he wasn't gonna return to Thursday's game after he got hurt. Obviously, that's that's old news at this point, but the Lakers haven't provided any updates. In terms of Ethan, look, it sounds like that he wants to ramp up his activity at practice this week. That's our latest update, but it's phrased as he could. He could ramp up his activity. And I was warning people I could ramp up my activity. Right. We all could ramp up our activity. So I look. I I was warning people about this, like, 2 weeks ago. A a vague nondescript, a lower leg injury that's kept the guy out for weeks. No idea what that means. I won't be surprised if he stayed on some sort of minutes limit. You also have Cam Whitmore playing well. I I won't be shocked if he's out through the all star break. Let's just say that. Yeah. With with Ethan, really, the the hope was he would start contact, work this week, and that hasn't really happened. Or well, it could have happened, but there hasn't been a report on it yet. So, yeah, if if that happens soon and it goes well, then you could return in short order. Or like Al said, it could be a couple weeks down the road still. Alright, Alex. We'll take us to the money segment of the pod. The waiver wire. As this how this thing works, Ken, Shannon, and I, I love 2 regular free agent pickups to a roster and 50% of fewer, usually Yahoo leagues. And then, one long shot, 25% or fewer of Yahoo Leagues for those of you who are in 14, 16, maybe even 20 team leagues. In terms of the schedule next week, Utah, Portland, Minnesota, Denver only have 2 games. So, when when picking guys up, be careful about that. Or if you're making some drops, keep that in mind. My first suggestion is Paul Reed, of the Philadelphia 70 sixers. Not a not a big surprise here. He's 34% roster. At least he was last night when I checked. Joel Embiid has a meniscus injury. My my professional analyst opinion is that he tore the damn thing. Philly has 4 games next week. So even if he makes some sort of miraculous comeback or the injury was misreported, who even knows? Yeah. You never hear some you never hear someone has a boo boo on their meniscus. Right. Yeah. He had a, like, a small cut on his meniscus. One man made, will fix that thing up. Yeah. Philly has 4 games next week. So Paul Reed definitely a strong ad. Last night in in Utah, 7, 10, and 4, 2 blocks, 1 steal. As a starter this year, 127 and 3, 55% shooting, 1.4 blocks, 1.2 steals. Let's not over complicate this thing. Just add them this weekend. Yeah. He he's up to 43% rostered now. Yeah. So you wanna move fast if you're gonna scoop up read. Great hustle guy. I'm gonna start with someone we've mentioned frequently the last 2 years, Santi Aldama of your Memphis Grizzlies, who's only 27% rostered. Look, no one is healthy on this Memphis Grizzlies roster. He does qualify as a center and forward on both Yahoo and ESPN. That flexibility can be really helpful. Aldama ranks, 76 in the last 14 days and 9 category leagues. He's only 27% rostered as of, about an hour ago, Friday morning, last 4 games, almost 15 points over 7 rebounds, 3.3 triples, one stock while shooting 48% from the field. He started in the last 6 appearances. Memphis does only have 3 games though, but rest of the season, this grizzly's depth chart, it's a MASH unit. Bodies will be playing. I think we could be talking, you know, at the end of the season about the massive twin towers of Santi Aldama and Vince Williams. I'm I'm with you, Ken. Aldama, he he has a sometimes he's up and down. You know, the minutes aren't always there. Sometimes his production's kinda weird. His usage fluctuates, I think, really depending on matchup. But at this point, with the way the got. Yeah. Right. He's he's all they got. And this Tillman injury is lingering. I don't think his knee ever got healthy. That No. That just seems so weird, though. With the in and he's out and in and the out. So anybody that can walk might be playing for these Memphis Grizzlies. I'm with you. Shannon, let's go to your first waiver wire pickup. This player has become an unexpected favorite of the Friday waiver wire segment. Aaron Nesmith, swing man for the Indiana Pacers. He was 54% rostered yesterday. That's up to 59% as of this morning. Yeah. We have to keep bringing him up because he keeps playing better, and his value keeps increasing. He's been a top 20 player over the past week, averaging 19.4.7.8 rebounds, 4 assists, 3 trays, 1.4 stocks in 35 minutes per game over the past 5 contests. He is the player on the Pacers who clearly received the biggest boost in value from Bruce Brown going to Toronto. I highly recommend picking him up in 12 team weeks. I think he even has some value in 10 teamers, if you need production in those categories. I've been wagering the over on points and rebounds for Nesmith for a few days now. I've won on all those bets. I keep waiting for Vegas to respond. Nesmith has been fantastic playing his natural position a small forward now that they got spicy p there. And little known fact, he speaks with a bit of a lisp. I do I do wanna bring up something. We talked about Tari Tari Eason. Sorry for the hard transition there, Kat. We talked about Tari Eason earlier. I think it was Albert Chang in the chat said coach said Eason has done 2v2 and could play next week. We did find that report, that which is true. So you do have, emailed Doka saying that Eason could return next week. Again, that's all that's all coulds and maybes, and it's very much approaching the all star break. On one hand, don't be surprised if he returns next week. On the other hand, don't be surprised if he's out past the all star break. So, we just need more information as that continues, but he's he's pretty week to week slash day to day at this point. My second free agent suggestion, Gary Trent of the Toronto Raptors. This is very specific. If you are in a category league, this is for you. Points leagues, you don't even have to think about this. He's been in the starting 5 since the Siacom trade, averaging 15.6 points and 3.9 threes in 28 minutes. He's shooting about 58% of threes. So expect that to go basically to, like, 3 threes a game. But he's he's a great three specialist, and the raptors are on a 4 game week. So if that's what you need, pick him up, and the Raptors have almost practically admitted to the fact that they're pulling the plug at this point. So don't be surprised if the injuries keep piling up. You know, guys get dings. They sit out. Gary Trent keeps playing 30 plus minutes and jack and threes. They trade Bruce Brown, and now there's even more shots available for Gary Trent to keep jacking. Right. Alright, Ken. Who is your second suggestion? We're going to the well again one more time. Back court of Chicago Bulls, IO Desunmu, the Illinois product. He ranks number 43rd over the last 14 days in 9 category leagues, posting an impressive 16 and a half points per game over 2 and a half stocks and shooting 60% from the field. Look, Zach LaVine is still hurt, and, we keep wondering if he's gonna get traded. It's time, frankly, for these bulls to pull a plug on this veteran, team that can't win. I will warn you, bulls have only 3 games next week, but I think Desumu is gonna be their starting point guard for quite some time. I would check the also make sure you check Max Strouse, Bruce Brown, or Cam Johnson. Those guys all have 4 game weeks coming up, but, longer term, I like Dasumo, as I think you mentioned last week, Alex, for the bulls. I think I I think I did. Yeah. Those are good suggestions, though, for for streaming options as well as. We get we got, like, questions about Cam Johnson recently. Do I drop him, etcetera? But we a 100% can stream him in on 4 game weeks. Shannon need threes. That's what he does. That's what comes down some debts. Shannon, who's your guy? Yeah. My second suggestion is Precious Achooah forward center for the New York Knicks 24% rostered in Yahoo Leagues. Precious been a top 75 player over the past week. He's earned 3 straight starts with OG Anunoby and Julius Randle out. Julius Randle is out for at least another 2 to 3 weeks. OG is probably gonna return soon, but it's kinda to be determined what the Knicks will do with that starting lineup. They could easily go bigger, have Precious start at the 4, have OG at the at the 3, move Josh Hart to the bench. It's kind of to be determined. I do believe Freshs will continue to see an increased role during the next 2 to 3 weeks with Randall out either way. So he is a short term rental. But the past 3 those 3 starts that he's made so far, 38 minutes per 13 points, 8.7 rebounds, 1.7 blocks, 1.3 steals. You know, when he had that clutch tip in last night, to help the Knicks win in the last minute, I thought, oh my goodness. Tibbs has found a younger Taj Gibson. Oh my god. They did sign Taj Gibson again, but I know. I know. They have an older Taj Gibson, the actual Taj Gibson, but he's a yeah. Chew as a lunchbox, Nick. I could see how Tibbs would love that guy. We'll see. He also had a very bad turnover down the stretch that, it looks like it looked like Tibbs wanted to rip his head off. So Jalen Brunson calmed things down. Yeah. I, I agree with you, Sharon. I look. Look, I don't think that she was gonna start when OG's back, but he was seeing, like, 25 minutes around, you know, before OG went out. So Well, I mean, no Randall for a while. No, no Mitchell Robinson before the end of the season. They've been grinding Hartenstein to a nub. Like, it'd be good to, have another big. Unfortunately, I do have to recommend my long chat, which is Mo Bamba. Boo. Please. Thank you. I'm like Joe Mazula. Bring on the booze. I love it. 2% rostered when I wrote this up last night. Four games for the 70 sixers. Oh, wait. That's up to 2.2% now. Oh, thank you. Joel Embiid. Look. I look into you to say it. I believe firmly that he tore his meniscus and that he will be out at least 3 weeks. That's not officially been reported yet. Long story short. Other times, and beat has been out the minutes have been up and down from Bamba. But if he's going to be an extended absence, I think they will need Bamba for about 15 to 20 minutes a night. Paul Reed can get in foul trouble. Please keep your expectations to a bare minimum. But last night, Mo Bamba, 4 points, 9 rebounds to 3 blocks. And when he's seen double digit minutes this season, 7 points, 6 rebounds, 1 assists, 2.7 stocks. So if you are in a deep league, I absolutely grab them at least at least just to stream this week at the very minimum. Hi. There are numerous rotisserie leagues that I'm in where blocks are a key category to try to chase down at this time of year, and good luck ever finding them on the waiver where it's always gonna be via trade. Not with Mo Bamba, even in limited minutes. I mean, he had 3 blocks last night. He had 3 in 18 minutes against Portland on the 29th January, 3 blocks in 19 minutes. That is the one thing he can do even in limited minutes. Ken, who is your long shot? My long shot mentioned earlier in the show by Shannon is Bilal Kulabali, 19 year old rookie guard for your Washington Wizards. Look. Jordan Poole and Tyus Jones have been terrible. The 19 year old Kulibali got the start Wednesday with Poole was sick. He put up a sweet 19.4 rebound, 2 assists game with 3 stocks. Stocks are gonna be his calling card. Look, this is the rare future asset for these Washington Wizards who should be in full tank mode, to get as high a lottery, as many lottery balls as possible. And remember, the Wizards traded up to get Koulibaly at the number 7 pick in this summer's draft. This is the perfect time to throw a ton of minutes at Kula Bali. Look, this is the long sought shot section. You might hurt your field goal percentage, but he could have a really nice upside. I'm surprised he's only 9% rostered, but it's just, I think people have slowly it's slowly fallen off as people have lost faith. And if you were stashing him and you were in the bottom half of your league, at some point, you just needed numbers and you had to let him go. But now is the point where there's there's some value in risk taking for sure. And, you know, Tyus Jones would make a lot of sense for the Wizards to trade, frankly, the deadline. So, minutes could open up shortly. And if they deal Jones, you're not gonna be able to get cool at Volley. And, Washington Wizards Management, please trade the Milwaukee Bucks to Lon Wright. Please just do it. Yeah. That's I I That is a natural. We'll give you we'll give you a second round pick that will that will be 57th. It'll be awesome. Okay, Shannon. Who is your long shot? Yeah. Our last recommendation for the week, another guy we've talked about before, Cam Whitmore, guard forward for the Rockets, 24% rostered. Cam Whitmore has been just tearing it up in limited minutes. Top 90 player over the past week in only 20 minutes per game over the past 5 contests. He is averaging 18.4.6 rebounds and 2.83 pointers. I also believe he has considerable upside in the steals department. That really hasn't been the case over the past dozen or so games. He doesn't have that many. He's only averaging 0.6 steals on the season. But we've seen it in spurts where he'll he'll have a few steals in a game or in the, in the summer league in particular. He was crushing it in on the defensive side. Yeah. Just had a steal and a half in college. Yeah. A half a game in college. So I do think there's some upside in that category. I kind of view him as a Saddiq Bey type player with, maybe higher upside once he does see 30 plus minutes per game. That sounds good. We can move on to a potential drop segment. One one name I wanna bring up, Harrison Barnes. If you if you pick them up, I hope you got 2, maybe 3 good games out of them because it might be over. Now I will say past 2 games for him shooting the ball have been horrible, but the shot attempts are still up. Yeah. Okay? So if you're in a deep enough league, like, if you're in a 16 team league and someone was like, ah, he's done and dropped them. I actually don't hate just picking them up to see for, like, a game, especially if you have, like, a daily daily transactions league or something. But, yeah, it's it's we we've seen this from For drops in general, remember you got 4 teams with only 2 games next week. So Utah, Portland, Minnesota, Denver, you know, Walker in Portland, if you took a flyer on him, but you really need some immediate production, now might be the time to let him go. I'm trying to infringe in Utah. Shannon, could I get an opinion on Jade and Ivy? Jaden Ivy, that's a tough one. I do expect the Pistons to make some kind of move, before the deadline that could free up minutes for Jaden Ivy. Or I mean, basically, the only way to free up minutes for Jaden Ivy is really for the Pistons front office to say, here are 8 players that you get to utilize for the remainder of the season, Monty. If if you give Monty Williams any more than that, he will take minutes away from Jaden Ivey. It's just a fact. It it's a truth. I I don't think he's droppable yet. He is still seeing, he's played 35 and 29 minutes past 2 games. He's still in the starting lineup. You know, it's just when you have Alec Burks coming off the bench, if he has a hot game, it's gonna eat into Ivy's minutes on a given night. But Ivy's been pretty solid, even in the past 4 games where his productions dipped a little bit. 28 minutes per 13 points, 3 and a half boards, 3.3 assists, and 2 3 pointers per game. I think he's still I would be surprised if he doesn't average 30 minutes per game for the remainder of the season. Alright. Well, that's the end of our waiver wire segment. Now let's talk about our good friends at FanDuel. Yes. FanDuel, who sponsors our Friday NBA DFS chat segment here on this show. Let but they want us to talk about the NFL Super Bowl, baby. Hey. You can tackle 1,000,000 in prizes for FanDuel Fantasy Contest. If you're new to fantasy, the Super Bowl is a great time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match of up to a $100. Playing Fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. I'm kinda high on George Kittle, the Super Bowl. Shannon, who are you sticking in your DFS lineups for the Super Bowl? One thing I do not recommend is going with Brock Purdy as your MVP choice if you're playing in the 2,200,000 NFL big game bowl, 1,000,000 to 1st place on FanDuel. Brock Purdy is a fraud. We all saw it in the past two games against, you know, the the past two rounds of playoffs. He is not good, and Casey's defense is underrated. They've been the best piece of that KC team all season, best defense Patrick Mahomes ever had. They're gonna pressure Purdy enough for him to make some of his silly throws, and he's not gonna get lucky and have it bounce off a defender's head and have his receiver catch it at the 2 yard line against the Chiefs. So do not go with Purdy at the MVP. I'm going with a Casey Stack in that contest, and I'm excited to watch them prove Purdy is a fraud. Okay. Well, with that, let's go to the FanDuel Friday DFS segment. Gentlemen, who are your picks for tonight's DFS action? It's a 10 game slate today. Highest over unders, Sacramento and Indiana, not a big surprise. 248 and a half. Phoenix and Atlanta, another game that we are not surprised about the over under being 248 and a half also. Shannon, where are you turning first on this slate? It's there there are numerous options that are appealing, but it it is really hard for me to get away from that Indiana, Sacramento game. I like both sides of it. I I have some exposure to De'Aaron Fox, on the Sacramento side, Keegan Murray as well, and then Neesmith, who we talked about earlier, still pretty affordable on both DFS sites, and he is performing really well. So I it's gonna be hard for me to not try to work more players from that that contest into my lineup. Another game that actually has a lower over under that I like is the Charlotte OKC game. There's just good value on both sides of that. Charlotte, you know, Wamello Ball, probably unlikely to play. William's still out. Hayward's still out. So Charlotte's gonna be looking for guys like Brandon Miller, Miles Bridges' step up shoulder, bigger load, PJ Washington off the bench. And then on the OKC side, seeing what they do, with Jalen Williams out, it it'd be interesting. Ken Kenrick Williams started, the the most recent game, but then I I don't believe he he blasted the entire game. I think he actually came off the bench in the second half. So does that mean we see, Aaron Wiggins get more run? Maybe maybe Kaysan Wallace. It's really kind to be determined what OKC is gonna do, but they could adjust the starting lineup before tonight's slate box. Yeah. Miller Miller is tough for me because he had a hot streak where he was really efficient for, like, 4 games. Then he had a terrible game. Like, his efficiency has been weighed down lately. The assists aren't there, but at the same time past, 3 games, 37 minutes, 39 minutes, 38 minutes, and obviously efficiency doesn't count in DFS. So at some point on FanDuel 69100, he's he's a solid I think he's a solid fill in. Won't be an easy matchup because they are 16 point underdogs going into OKC, but that that probably will not stop Brandon Miller from playing a ton of minutes. How about Miles Bridges with a good game if, Jalen Williams is out? I mean, Miles Bridges is just he's just kind of been he's kind of been doing his thing, you know, like, I don't know how else to explain it. Bridges is like a walking 35 to 45 fantasy points every single night at this point. Yeah. But he's had he's had a couple big games with with Melo out as well. I mean, he's topped he he's basically he's averaged 56 fantasy points over the past 3, 67 and a half in the latest game. I do expect he'll have another big performance. I mean, the the problem is Charlotte doesn't really have a chance to win. The blowout potential is, higher than normal because they do not have a point guard in their starting, or they haven't rolled with a point guard either the past two games after having Ishmit's make one spot start. So my guess is they they go that route again. They have McGowan's, Miller, and Bridges really handling the ball for them. Yeah. We, you know, we try not to talk too much about injuries in this segment because stuff is fluid, but I will mention there are a lot of questionable guys, for today's slate. So, Toronto has quickly Barrett, Pirtle, all questionable. Halliburton still gonna be on a minutes restriction probably for that Sacramento, Indiana game, which is on the second half of a back to back for Indiana. So, and we haven't heard anything about Halliburton not playing. We also have Herb Jones and Zion Williamson questionable. And, of course, the grizzlies have more players out than in. Yeah. This Phoenix Atlanta game as well, you know, you touched on it. The Indiana, Sacramento over under, Phoenix Atlanta is at the same over under. I think there's there's plenty of options in this game. It's again, I I think teams will be flying up the up and down the court. Like, Durant, you know, his his shock attempts have been a lot lower lately. Booker has kind of taken over for for the Suns. The past, what is this, 5 games for Durant? He's averaging only 13.6 shot attempts. Skolts still scoring 20 points a game, you know, 7 boards, 7 assists, but it really feels like Booker is now the lead guy, for the Suns. Anything else you're targeting, Shannon? Yeah. I mentioned him at the top of the show. Jalen Green has been on an absolute chair. I think he is still underpriced giving his current hot streak, 76 100 on FanDuel and, 70 or 68 on DraftKings. Obviously, I like the 68100 a lot more. Good luck finding a player who's averaged 50 fantasy points over the past 5 games, under 7,000 on either side, but that's the case with Jalen Green right now. Couple of discounts, Koolabali, who we who we mentioned earlier or especially if Jordan Poole misses another game. Galinari for the Pistons. You've got Isaiah Stewart's out. Muscala, who started who who earned the spot start for beef stew on Wednesday night is is out as well, which means Gallinari is most likely getting the spot start tonight. We'll see if Monty changes anything up. Gallinari started the second half in place in of Muscala on Wednesday. I would really love to see a Saar Thompson get that start, but it's probably gonna be Gallinari. And Gallinari is super affordable, 33100 on DraftKings. Not not very high on his ability to go out there and and post a a massive fantasy performance. But in 23 minutes, he had 30 fantasy points against Cleveland, on January 31st. So it's possible. And at that price, it's hard to to really it's it's hard not to plug them into your lineup. Here comes the rooster. I'm contractually obligated to say that. Here comes the rooster. It is, it is unbelievable that that we even have to talk about this. I want what? One more guy, Memphis too. Aldama, who can mention, and then, Scottie Pippen junior earned earned a start at point guard. He's got a couple decent games in a row. His his price salary has gone up, on both sides, but he'll be an option if he's getting another spot start tonight. Is he still marrying Jordan's ex wife or what what what was the that's Jordan's kid and Pippen's ex wife? Yes. That's the thing? Okay. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry for that tangent. I will say back to your Jalen Green pick, most of the Raptors are like a game time decision for tonight too. So Green could really be facing a hobbled Raptors squad. And Houston is much better at home. So that's, something to keep in mind as well. Shannon, any parting thoughts before we wrap this up? Just fade rock party and fade rock party, everybody. Galinari and the rooster go all in. Okay, Ken. It is time for your old man rant. Argh. Philly. What are you doing with Embiid? Who cares if he plays 65 games and wins another MVP. He already has an MVP. Last year, do you think the Joker wanted another MVP trophy or a championship? Jokic wanted a ring. Philly hasn't had a banner since 1983 with doctor j and Moses Malone. I love those guys. Focus on the true prize, Philly. If Embiid's knee hurts, bench him. Embiid is a fragile piece of China. He must be nurtured, cared for, and protected throughout the season because it's a big soft baby. Who cares if the Sixers win in January? At the slightest hint of possible injury, Embiid's fragile bones need to sit. The sixers are 5 and a half games ahead of the play in tournament. Relax and rest Embiid. I was just thinking about your Embiid slander compared to my Purdy slander. Like, I would not do that slander to Embiid's face, but I would do it to Purdy's face. I, I'm look. Ken, I'm with you. I am pushing a guy with this injury history. People try to His medical file doesn't fit in this room. Yeah. So, like, last year, he was fairly healthy. And then coming into the season, everybody was trying to say, well, he's just healthy now. He doesn't get hurt anymore. Like Yeah. What? What? It's insanity. Last year could be the exception. I, yeah. I don't know. It feels like we've kind of gone back and forth on this injury thing. Now people are like, well, if guys are hurt, sit them. But then before, everybody was like, well, these guys should be playing through injuries. So it's like I the the goalpost kinda move every time, but if the guy is actually hurt, if he's actually hurt, he should sit. I like the 65 game rule, and I think you should have to play, you know, about 80% of the season to get one of these big prizes. But if you're a team, just care about winning. Yeah. I think I think the problem comes like, I think the 65 games rule is good because you should incentivize or you should, we should highlight players in a specific season that were available. Yeah. Exactly. But the part of the problem comes in when there are financial incentives attached to winning awards. You think it beats, having a hard time getting by? See if the rent is, you know, I don't know. It's, look, an extra however many $1,000,000 that can that can set forth multiple generations of your family. He's worried about the 13th generation? He could. Hey. You know? Whatever. I saw a box of Captain Crunch priced at 8.99 in the grocery store this week. Everyone needs more money. Yeah. We all we all need the all the help we can get. That is for sure. I think we we avoided any mispronounced names this week, which is very nice. That'll wrap it up for us. Thank you everybody for joining us on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast, presented by Underdog Fantasy and FanDuel. Can take us out of here. Hey. Let's go to Cleveland where there's some nice good news. Darius Garland is back from his broken jaw injury. Hooray. Coach Bickerstaff said this after the Cavs beat Shannon's Pistons on Wednesday. Quote, Garland showed particularly offensively how easy the game can be for him and how many different ways that he can beat you. I thought he was aggressive. I thought he looked quick. He was attacking the basket and he mixed his game up. The conditioning piece will come. So, hey, welcome back, Darius Garland. Good news. Attention passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.