Welcome into the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball Pod. Nick Whalen, Alex Barutha. We're back, baby. It is Monday, March 18th. We're brought to you this week by Smart Bracket. Go check out Smart Bracket, smartbracket. Io. They got an app as well, NCAA tournament coming up. This is exactly what you need to do well in those pools. March Madness fans, before we dive into the madness, we wanna loop you in on one of our sponsors, supported intelligence. They've developed an AI tool called smartbracket. Io that can really help when you're building those brackets. Think of smart bracket as the one friend who always has the inside scoop. Thanks to something they call rapid recursive technology. It's like having a secret playbook for your March madness picks, making your bracket a bit smarter while saving you a ton of time. If you love the game and your bracket could use a bit of an edge, smartbracket.io is worth a peek. I'll say that, Alex. It's fun. It's easy to use while leveraging some brilliant AI technology. It might just give you those bragging rights that you're after. With March Madness just around the corner, a little extra insight never hurts. When selection Sunday starts, check out smartbracket.io. Here's to enjoying the madness and making smarter choices along the way. Thank you. Supported intelligence. We are in the stretch run, Alex. A lot of leagues starting the playoffs, you know, beginning tonight, at least the Yahoo League that I'm in. That's how it works. Some playoffs have been underway already. Of course, some leagues going through game 82, but we are officially in the crunch time period for Fantasy Basketball. So we will talk all about that. We'll take your live questions. We'll we'll talk about the injuries from the weekend, the injuries to keep an eye on this week. We got a unique schedule with a couple of teams playing 2 games. We'll talk about some streaming candidates throughout the show, do a little look back at, you know, the the notables from what was a pretty fun weekend, Alex, in the NBA. And we we continue to see, I I think, a pretty tangible shift in the style of play, especially when you compare it to, you know, how a lot of games were were transpiring back in December or January. Yeah. The NBA, there was a clear, sort of directive by the league to call fewer fouls, especially those initiated by the offensive player. I think maybe somebody you know, basically, what happens is some some reporter gets tipped off to it, and then, you know, they report on it, like everybody else notices it, and, that that cycle continues. At first, the NBA denies it, and then they're like, ah, we may have actually told our ref something. But we saw I mean, we've seen, you know, games be a lot more physical, a lot more competitive, lower scoring. And I think, you know, 2 games, I would I would say 3 games that I watched that really sort of, I really noticed the shift was it was actually earlier last week. You know, there was, Indiana versus OKC. And then, on Saturday, we had Knicks Kings, which was more like a heavyweight prize fight than it was a basketball game, but it was it was awesome. And then, I mean, Mavericks nuggets, in addition to Kyrie's insane lefty hook running hook game winner, was also extremely physical, and was just a ton of fun, man. I've I've been really enjoying it. Yeah. I mean, I I I'm not gonna dive in on, like, the analytics. I know scoring is down about 4 points per team over the last month, which is pretty significant. I mean, especially with the way things were heading where it felt like, you know, we do the NBA show on NBA radio every night, and it's like, alright. Total's at 247a half. Like, that just became routine. You know? And now you look on the board and, like, I mean, Vegas has has obviously responded as you would expect. Like, we were not seeing those type of totals night in and night out. And, you know, I I think you could still find examples in every given day. Right? Like, yesterday, you know, the Bucks got to 140, against the Phoenix Suns. You know, they had 70 plus in the first half, partially because Bobby Port has played the half of his life. But we are seeing it it certainly feels anecdotally and the numbers have backed this up that a lot more of those games played in the, you know, 105 to 98 type of range, which I I think that's exactly what the NBA wants. Right? I don't think they have a target score in mind, but it almost feels to me like the all star game, which should not have anything to do with this. But it it felt like that was the final straw. And it was like, alright. Alright. We've we've we've let this go long enough. We need to do something. And I know there is still a lot of confusion as far as what exactly has happened. You know, had a report. I think it was on Friday, you know, that had, memo had been sent out. The NBA basically denied it, but the results are there. The the results are pretty clear. And, you know, we're still seeing plenty of games in the one twenties. Like, the it's not like that's gonna be completely eradicated. But we're we're seeing fewer consistent games reaching 1 20. Right? Like, the hawks for a while where it felt like we're just guaranteed to score a 130 every night, which I I will say speaking as a as a fan, as somebody who watches a ton of basketball, who, you know, wants to see as many teams as I can, I I don't think the ideal scenario is every team scoring in the nineties or every team scoring in the one thirties? You want a little bit of both. Right? Like, you you want it to feel you almost want it to feel more like college football, I guess. And one of the reasons I love college football is you get such a diversity of styles. Right? You have some teams that are trying to score 70 every game, and they might allow 70. You have other teams that are trying to win every game 13 to 11. You know, I I think that that contrast in style is something that's maybe been missing a little bit from the modern NBA over the last decade or so. Yeah. Even today, I'm looking at the the slate. No games over 225 over under. Very bizarre. What we that would have been insane in December. Another thing, you know, you mentioned, like, you're not it's kind of unclear exactly what the directive is. Like, what are what exactly are they not calling versus what are they calling? To me, it just feels like if you are like, stop calling the offensive initiated where the guy just slams into the the the defender. First of all, stop calling that. And then second of all, if you aren't a 100% sure about the call, just don't call it. Don't call anything. Like, you know, just get instead of calling something on a 5050, just don't call anything. Let them play. And I you know, at the point that you bring up about, you know, not necessarily wanting to see, like, games in the 1 thirties for when teams score that much are fun. But when when there is so much physicality, and the game is it it gets so ground down to, again, really physical basketball, those moments where guys make these super athletic smooth moves and they get wide open, they look so much better. It's it's unbelievable. Like, you know, watching, you know, Dallas, Denver, it's, you know, again, super physical. But then when Kyrie does something, he, you know, he bumps into somebody really hard. There's no call. He 360 spins. He goes between the legs. He pump fakes. He gets contact. He fades away. It's like it's it's more unbelievable than it was when you were watching these games where everything was ticky tack. It felt like it's got into a rhythm, and it just felt like it was too easy. And you're like, I'm not surprised when someone scored 40 points. It was just a of course they did. But now when someone scores 40 and you watch or you watch the game, you're like, oh my god. This is incredible. You you said exactly what I wanted you to say, which is that it looked too easy. And it's it's a testament more to the skill, I think, of modern offensive players than anything else. Like, I I every player will tell you, and you see this on podcast and whatnot, you know, even a couple months ago when this was in the news, you know, you'd see players say, like, look. We're we're trying our defense, man. Like, it's not like we're just going out there not doing anything. It's like you just can't. So I I I think, you know, what the NBA is perhaps subtly trying to do is give those defenders a little bit of an advantage back. And, you know, 20 years ago, the advantage was way too far in favor of the defense. And I think 2 months ago, it was it had swung too far in the direction of the offense. And I I think there is a balance to be struck there because offensive players are better now than they were in 2003 when, you know, you're you're getting hand checked by Tayshaun Prince every time you're handling the ball. And I I think you have to find a way for defense to compensate because that that that skill level is not going to diminish. You know, there's that there's not like we're just gonna go into a a dearth of of basketball skill in the next 20 years. Like, if anything, it's probably going to continue ascending. So when you have not only more skilled players, but you have more players on the court who are skilled, I think that's part of it too. It's like you even think back to, like, I don't know what, 10, 12 years ago, the NBA finals. It's like every team had, like, a Kendrick Perkins at center. It's like you you needed that guy that you didn't really have to worry about. Like, almost no team is doing that now. Right? I I I think not only are players more skilled, but everybody on the court has to be accounted for. And then, of course, you know, that means more spacing, more guys you have to respect, more open lane. So I I don't wanna go too deep on this because it is still a little bit conceptual, and I'll be interested to see, you know, does it sustain, through the end of the regular season and into the playoffs? But I I will say I am okay with the NBA stepping in on the fly. I I don't think this is something where you have to wait until mid season because it it really had gotten to the point where I think the product was diminished. Yeah. I don't I don't mind I don't mind them stepping in and doing it right now, especially as we as we lead into the playoffs. I think it's good for the players to get used to that physicality now before the playoffs, rather than all of a sudden the playoffs start and everybody's playing physical and nobody can make a shot because they're not used to the contact. It's also interesting that they made this decision before March madness, because I do feel like a there's a strong portion of people who watch college basketball that believe like, don't watch the NBA because they're like, these guys, it's all ticky tack. They get touched and there's no foul against just the, you know, prima donnas and stuff. And now they make this change, and I you can't you cannot say that anymore. You watch these NBA games. I guess, like, it's just like a car crash out there. Well, I'll let you in in a secret there. I think most of those people are not watching the game, so they probably have no idea. I guess, sir, they haven't noticed. They don't even know. Yeah. Those people have not watched games in years, so I I don't think that they're gonna notice, you know, a trend like this over the last month. But interesting nonetheless. Alright. We'll get into some more weekend recap stuff in a bit, but we'll take some questions here. Paul, possibly the earliest question we've ever received in the history of this spot. We go live at 2:30 central. This came in at 10:20 AM. So thank you for that, Paul. He says, I have a bye week, and I wanna stream Trey Mann for next week when he has 4 games. The bottom 5 guys I have are Jalen Suggs, Kelly Olynyk, Alex Caruso, Amen Thompson, Lopez, and maybe Middleton, question mark. Should I drop any of those players to pick up Trey Nann? So we're looking at next week, Alex. So that would be the week that starts Monday, March 25th. Yeah. Do not drop Middleton, please, especially after he just came back. I, you know, also in the chat, Christopher Scott says, what has Suggs done for you lately? Good question, actually. I think Suggs is probably the drop in theory here. And look, Suggs has his good game. So he he gets a steal pretty much every single game. He has some nice assist games. He has some nice scoring. It is what it is, but he's worse than Alex Caruso. And man is gonna get you more assists. I don't know how many more steals you need necessarily. So I would I I dug up. I'd be completely fine with, with dropping Suggs for for Trey Mann. Well, the other thing with Suggs is he has 3 games, and Caruso has 4. Ahmed Thompson has 4. The Bucks do play 3, but I I'm with you. I I think I think I hold Middleton. Yeah. Hopefully, you have a little bit of time to to kinda see how this develops, if there's anything coming out of yesterday's game with him returning. But importantly, despite Milwaukee playing 3 games that week, we're talking next week, none of them are back to backs. So in theory, Khris Middleton should be out there for all 3 of those games. If that makes you nervous, you know, if you if you worry about a minutes limit, I get that. So I I think including him in this discussion is reasonable, but, they had a couple of good matchups against the Lakers and the Hawks. They also play at New Orleans next week. So those should be pretty decent spots for Middleton. But, yeah, I I I think if you're playing the games played argument, you know, it's like even if Suggs had 4 games, I I think there'd be a case here. Right? Like, it it really depends how much you need steals because that's the one category with him that's been consistent. He's been hitting some threes lately. But, again, I I would rather have, I think, 4 games of Trey Mann than 3 of Jalen Suggs. Yeah. But it's also not like Trey Mann hasn't been stealing the ball. He's 2 steals a game since the all star break, and he's giving you you know, it I mean, the averages are 4 assists, but he had 1 0 assist game in there. And yeah. So it's that I think we said our thoughts on that. Yeah. I think that's the move. Go Trey, man. Pick them up. Get the 4 games. I wanna see who Charlotte plays just for reference. They they're at Cleveland, home for Cleveland, home for Golden State, home for the Clippers. So not not fantastic, but 4 games is 4 games this point in the season. Christopher says weekly lock lead points considering the triple j pattern of only playing against good teams. Any chance he plays against the Spurs because of the wendy factor is the playoffs really need 3 games from him. So, basically, a do we trust Jaren Jackson question if I'm understanding this correctly, Alex. And Memphis this week does have 3 games. The majority of the league has 3 games. We should point out both Charlotte and Dallas only have 2 games. So good week to have Trey Mann if you have a bye week, as Paul did. Otherwise, pretty brutal if you're if you're holding Luca, Kyrie, guys like that. But Jaren Jackson, 3 games for the grizzlies. Is is there any possible way to predict when Jaren Jackson is going to play? I don't really think so. You know, the pattern has kind of been that he's played against good teams, staggered against bad teams. Although, maybe we buried the lead a little bit, not to not to not answer your question, but Desmond Bane came back. He is. He actually came back. It's very shocking to me. And he played 32 megs in his first game back. Is that is that, recommended? Who who thinks that's a good idea? I don't know. He goes for 227. Pretty nice game all around. So I don't know if Bane coming back affects now what they're gonna do with Jaren Jackson. I still don't think triple j is especially trustworthy. I would I think I would just lean on starting Jackson. If you only get 2 games out of him, it's still gonna be pretty productive 2 games you're gonna get out of him. And the chance of getting a 3rd game to me, I it's hard to turn that down. Yeah. It it's tough because they played tonight in the late window. Right? So you you at least know if he's out there tonight or not. And as of right now, he's not on the injury report. So the expectation should be that he plays. And, like, if that's the case, it's like, alright. We at least locked in one game, and then he's in your lineup and and, you know, that's that. If he ends up being ruled out tonight and you have to make some sort of late swap, I would just be ready to do that. In which case, you know, then you're only looking at a max of 2 games. So I think you have to live with that. Looking at their schedule, they don't they don't play any back to back. So they play Monday, Wednesday, Friday. He has both. He's he's sat out back to backs of late, but he set up both halves of them. So it's not really clear if it's, you know, that much of a workload thing or just kind of how the schedule breaks down. And, you know, they get Sacramento, Golden State and the San Antonio Spurs. I I it's tough to really find a pattern for me, Alex. I guess he has played more against the the reasonably good teams lately, but I don't know. Like, he also sat out against Milwaukee before the all star break. Like, are are we really saying that, like, Atlanta and Philly are good teams relative to, you know, Brooklyn and and Charlotte? Like, I guess, I I just I don't know if that's like like, what would be the thinking behind that if if you're the grizzly? Do you think that's actually what they're doing, or is it just coincidental? I mean, it could be. It's hard to say. I mean, if you were trying to play your guys in games that you're probably going to lose anyway, like it's not going to make a difference if Triple J plays and I don't know. But yeah. I mean, I I would just I would just start it, to be honest with you. If I had about my team, I would just start it and hope to get 3 games. Okay. Christopher followed up and said he could also go with 4 games from Aaron Nesmith or Donald Benton. So are those are are those more appealing to you? I'd the band thing is so tough for me because there's so much up in the air for Portland. You know, I was going through and and doing some projection stuff last night, and it's like, well, they're they're claiming that, you know, Jeremy Grant's gonna play. He's now doubtful for tonight, but he's, you know, he's been in and out lately. They're claiming Brogdon's coming back at some point. Like, with Banton, you're getting the upside of, like, 40 plus minutes if if things remain stable. But at any point, it feels like this rotation could shift pretty dramatically. I mean, yeah. I mean, if you're asking who is the best fantasy player right now out of, you know, Nesmith and Banton, it's actually Banton. Yeah. But whose minutes do I trust the least? Banton. Who do I trust the lee who do I trust to play the fewest games? Jaren Jackson. Who do I trust to be the worst fantasy player out of all these guys? Aaron Neesmith. So it's like, I feel like you're at, like, a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation with these 3 guys. I think you explained it perfectly. I think Nesmith is the safest. I think Banton, I wouldn't say he has the highest upside because I think triple j even in 3 games still has the higher upside. Also the knee Smith, I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. But even Dan, you know, it's like I Dan's playing well. He's playing a ton of minutes. I still think if you get 3 3 bangers out of Jared Jackson, that's probably better than a 3 game or a 4 game, total for Dan, but it could be close. I mean, he's been scored a ton. You know, he doesn't the defensive stats have come and gone. He went, like, 5 games a row with no steals and had 4, against the Knicks. So I don't know if we can really depend on that. But I I guess maybe the bigger question, and and this can kinda digress from the original question is, like, when it comes to Ben, how worried are we about Malcolm Brogdon? Or is this, like, the same situation as saying, oh, LaMelo Ball is gonna come back and ruin Trey Man? Yeah. Well, it's pretty similar to that. Yeah. I and even if Brogdon does come back, you know, is he gonna play every game when he's back? Is he gonna be playing 30 minutes? Because what are the chances they're in competitive games? Pretty low. Is is Brogdon gonna be out there in 4th quarters and noncompetitive games? Probably not. And even if Brogdon does come back, what are they gonna do with Jeremy Grant? Because Banton is big enough to play, like, 1 through 4 basically for Portland because he is 67, but he is a good passer. He's a really just you know, the Raptors had him. I think that tells you all you need to know about, what kind of a player he is. Alright. We'll move on from Delano Benton, who is could be like an all time. Remember that guy, in the final weeks of fantasy, the way he's playing. Matt, loyal listener, loyal viewer, always appreciate the questions from him. He says, I'm in my finals, and I have to take 2 players off of IL. I can only keep one of the following 3. Trey Jones, Jeremy Sohan, Nick Richards. This is head to head points with a double double bonus league. Interesting. Trey Jones, I mean, he is at this point I mean, for most of his career, he's basically an assist specialist. And Sohan, you know, he's kinda up and down. He's giving you just an assortment of stats like the sort of, you know, I don't know. You you give it, like, 147 and 3 kind of stuff, which is solid. But he's yeah. And then I, you know, because none of these guys, I guess Richards is in theory, the guy who's gonna probably give you the most consistent double doubles, but he's not giving you much else. Right? And he's never really giving you blocks. Mhmm. You know, I I don't know if there's a, well, do you have do you have a strong opinion on any of these guys? Well, first of all, if if if, like, this coming week is your fantasy final, it's a 2 game week for Charlotte. Right? So I I think does that just eliminate Nick Richards? The the Spurs have 3 games. You know, it could still be close. It could maybe it depends how, like, crazy this double double bonus is because he's the most likely of those 3 to get you that. But that that's probably not enough to push it over. Yeah. I mean, Charlotte plays tomorrow against Orlando, Saturday against Atlanta. Spurs this week play Dallas, Memphis, Phoenix. I I think you gotta take the 3 games in this scenario, and it depends a little bit more on your category needs. Like, how much, oh, it's had to have points league overall. So we're not really worried about that, I suppose. I I would I would think I would just go Trey Jones. You you know where I stand on Sohan. Maybe the higher night to night upside, but also a much lower floor to me. So I I would slightly lean Jones than Sohan than Richards based on the schedule. The schedule point's very good. Yeah. If the if it's just for this week, then that's that's what you gotta do. Yeah. Between Sohan and Troy Jones, you gotta just go with whatever guy fits the the head to head strategy that you're using. Yep. You know, are you if you're punting rebounds, just keep Jones. If you're punting assists, keep keep, keep Solan. Alright. Christian Rogers says, good afternoon, fellas. Jontae Murray's stat correction on Yahoo caused me to lose the rebound category and get knocked out of the playoffs. Oh my goodness. Lost his matchup 6 to 5. The score had changed 3 times last night. All caps pain. Christian, I feel you, man. I feel you. I've I've had I've had some stat corrections this year mostly on, like, price mix. You know, not their fault. They they use a third party stats provider where you you think you're good, and then all of a sudden it say, you know, it says he got jailed during 13 rebounds. You check again 10 minutes later. He's magically down to 12. I I I would like there to be a more exact science here or just like, you know, I'm okay with these not necessarily updating exactly live. Like, don't don't update until we know for sure what's going to be official here. That would be awesome if they just present it prevented you from even checking until, like, the next day. And so they just put you on it. I I like being able to check it live, but to me, it's is it worth, like, you know, this fear, especially in this situation, right, where it's, like, your whole your whole fantasy life comes down to one rebound that they decide to take away. Yeah. That's really annoying. That's nothing you can do about that, unfortunately. Yeah. Alright. Couple notes here from Johnny. Says, what's up, fellas? Thank you for all the info y'all gave me. You helped me stay in 1st place. Alright, Johnny. Appreciate you dropping by each week. It says I have a bye week, and I picked up TJ Bagley and Duncan. Who else should I drop lively or hold? Okay. Interesting phrasing here. I assume you picked up TJ McConnell, Marvin Bagley, and Duncan Robinson. You know, can't necessarily tell you who to drop on your roster. But you wanna if you're wondering if you should drop Derek Lively, that's a fair question. I mean, first of all, when it comes to Bagley, Alex, I believe he's still he was still out yesterday. We have really no idea when he's gonna be back. He's missed, like, 8 games in a row now. Washington plays tomorrow against Houston, Thursday, Saturday. So, I mean, just not not knowing Bagley's status and knowing where the Wizards are right now, it's like, would you rather just hold lively? I'm fine with holding lively. Sorry. I was just looking at they the wizard sat basically everybody yesterday, and I'm I just sorted by minutes, from the game. 36 for Justin Champagne. 32 for Patrick Baldwin. Right. 25 for Anthony Gill. Jew a man named Jules Bernard played 24 minutes. Never heard of him. 22 minutes for Johnny Davis. This is incredible. I think their their starting lineup was basically out yesterday. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Jules Bernhardt. Yeah. I I I agree with what Nick said. Begley, who even knows, man? You may never come back. I I don't know what to tell you. Like, these teams are that are so bad, and they're operating like this. Who knows? I mean, it's a back injury. So it's like it's really easy for them to be like, I will hold you out because back injuries are serious, and it's really uncomfortable to play, with a back injury, obviously. So, I'm I'm I I'm actually fine just keeping Derek Lively for the points. It'd be hard to drop Bagley, but I don't know. This Jules Bernard guy has appeared in 11 games this year. I don't believe that. Games? This this is the first time that he's seen real minutes, but he's apparently, like, Ben, he he played in the game in December. Never heard of him. He was the 45th recruit in the 2018 class. Okay. 4 season Yeah. I take the word for it. Every every once in a while. I mean, look. We're we're in the weeds as much in, like, draft and, like, g league and summer league. It the fact that someone can just slip by, and I I've never heard of them. I I feel almost feel, like, embarrassed. I'm like, I don't know who Jules Bernard is. Yeah. I know. And, like, I I I watch more college basketball than you. I should I should know who this person is. The one that really hit me this year, and this one kinda went semi viral, was the honor all b team guy Oh, yeah. For the for the bulls who's now, like, playing real minutes every night. So it's like, we know who he is now, but he had that game. I think it was against the Cavs, like, 3 weeks ago where it was one of the bulls, like, crazy come from behind wins that they've had, like, 10 of this year. And he played 28 minutes. And I was like, who in the heck? Like, in the photo almost looks like AI generated. Like, that it's it's such a like, you're 25 years into your 2 k dynasty type of name. Like, it felt the whole thing just felt a little fishy. Yeah. It's very bizarre. I had noticed his name at some point, so I'd I'd I'd been on the, I'd been on the train, I think, before some other people. Yeah. But I I was very much caught off guard by the whole saga, I guess. He's playing 17 minutes a game over the last 3 weeks here. So, yeah, if you're in a deeper league, if you're in the league where you have to roster a Turkish rookie, the team might be the dude. Kenny says playoffs next week, 9 cat, 10 team head to head. Who's better to hold for the rest of the season? Olinic versus Hartenstein, Desumu versus Herb Jones versus Eamon Thompson. Okay. So we'll start with the first one. Olinik versus Hartenstein. Man, so I would I would lean Olinik. I think Olinik is a better fantasy player right now. He still worries me in terms of, like, is Toronto really gonna have Kelly Olinik who is 32 years old, playing 28 minutes a game for the rest of the season? Got buried in a step back hat. Yes. And your so your playoffs start next week. That's late, unfortunately. I wish your playoffs did not start then. That gives me anxiety. I wish they started earlier. But I so I would go Ola Nick for the first one. Do you have any thoughts about the last like, that trio? Well, first of all, I'm looking at the schedule. So next week, the Knicks play 4 times. The Raptors play 3 times. Beyond that, the Knicks play 4 times, and the Raptors play 4 times a week after. So not over the course of 2 weeks, assuming you're alive for both, we're talking about a one game difference. I I would lean on Lennox partially because of all the things you said, which were correct, and partially because is it totally out of the question that Randall and or Robinson could come back in the next 2 weeks? I think it's possible. Well, I mean, the the Knicks were denied a disabled player exception for Mitchell Robinson because the NBA came in and we're like, you were lying. Mitchell Robinson could come back. He's fine. So, yeah, that is, I would say, a mild concern. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I I just I think that's it's out there, and I I think it's totally possible that one of the excuse me. One of those guys could be back. For so the other one is Tesumu versus Herb Jones versus Eamon Thompson. Yeah. I mean, right away, my first inclination would be Dasumo, just because the minutes continue to be so crazy. Although, it sounds like Kobe White might be able to return tonight. Even with that, you know, he still played high thirties, low forties most nights. Gotta still live with the floor games, you know, where he'll just play 40 minutes and somehow have 7 points and 3 assists. But given you the counting stats, you know, the percentages have been pretty good. You know, Herb Jones has definitely had an emergence over these last couple of weeks. Like, he went through a pretty quiet stretch. The offense has kinda lagged a little bit, but the defensive stats are back with Herb Jones. And then we got Amen Thompson hanging out in Houston trying to, you know, sap some of the the Shangoon minutes. He started 3 in a row now. He's gonna give you rebounds. He's gonna give you defensive stats. I mean, he's what, like it's like 17 of 22 from the floor over the last 2 games. Yeah. I I it's an interesting lineup change for Houston. I I do like starting, a man because you you surrounded him with shooters, and he kinda just do his thing on both ends of the court. But, yeah, of these 3 guys, who who would I start? I would start to Soon Moo. I think he is let's see. He hasn't been consistent game to game lately, but he's he's he's having more swings in terms of big game, small game, big game, small game. But I just think from a role perspective, his is the safest. He's done basically for months now. This, you know, stat so this is stat specific stuff aside. Yeah. If you're punting certain categories, whatever, just blind, I would just start, to Sunbu here. Yeah. I mean, if you if you have all these guys on your roster as opposed to, like, dropping or picking them up, like, I I think I think you can go week to week here. You know? Like, I I would go to sumo for the week ahead, but the week after, I think 27 teams have 4 games, and the bulls are one of only 3 teams that have 3 games. So at that point, then, you know, you go back to to Herb Jones or or Ahmed Thompson. So, you know, hopefully, you have, you know, some options at your disposal, but that's the way I would lean. Good question from Christian. He says, what has happened to Jonas Valjounis? He's one of the main reasons I locked my rebound category in the playoffs. I I was thinking about this last night, Alex, when I was doing some work for the site. Did didn't this happen last year too, or was it 2 years ago where it's like he was having this great year and then for whatever reason, they just went for, like, a month of, like, yeah, we're just we're just gonna play you 18 minutes a night. Yep. He is down to, yeah, 19 minutes a game over his past 10. They have been running a lot of Larry Nance out there, to be honest, at center. A lot more dynamic player. Better passer. He's more mobile. He can catch lobs. He can shoot threes. And I just think with how much they're featuring Zion now, they I I don't think this has always been the the kind of confusing part about the Balanchukas fit is, like, the last thing you want, you know, line up with Zion is this, like, plotting lay, lane clogging big who is not that athletic or is not doing that much other stuff out there. So I think they're just settling into a lineup that they like. And what's happened to him? I just think this is my guess is if you told me, you know, over under 24 minutes a game for the rest of the season, I'm taking under. Yeah. I think you're right. I mean, the Pelicans non coincidentally are in arguably the best stretch of their season right here. Right? So I I don't think they're gonna change this up until they really need to. They're also healthier than they've been for much of the year, you know, when it felt like, you know, one of, like, Herb Jones or Trey Murphy or Zion was always banged up. And I I think they have so many guys that it's just it's hard for balance units to consistently be this 26, 28 minute guy every night. And it's it's working. Right? I mean, they're they're having success going smaller, being a little bit more versatile, putting Zion on the ball a bit more. There's a a report this morning, by the way, that Zion's down £25 since the NCAA tournament. That that seems like a lot. I I'm I'm willing to say he definitely looks more trim, more athletic. £25. I think that'd be more noticeable. I'm just just saying. I mean, you know, Zion is a guy. He plays himself into shape. I think the I think the reason that he has been so big is because he hasn't been playing. And now that he's playing, I think he's just down £25. I think it's possible. But yeah. I mean, that's, it it's like we've been saying. And just in terms of, like, a lot of the you know, a lot of these times, you're, you're going up against teams who especially their backup 5 is not really a 5 sometimes, you know, and it's not gonna punish you physically. So you can be out there without a center for, like, 6, 7 minutes a game easily. And you're like, well, I can put Zion out there with Ingram, with Trey Murphy, with Herb Jones. Let's just do that. So, unfortunately, I think this is this is where it's gonna be for Valancunas. Alright. Van Damme says, would you prefer Hartenstein or Conley for tonight only? Ten team points league. So looks like we got daily lineups here. FYI, thanks for the advice on Gary Trent as well. I don't know if I can take credit for that. Was that you? Historically, I have been a Gary Trent guy, so I'm gonna assume that what I said that it was what I something I said. Let's let's say that. Okay. Well, he he said the advice was to pick him up last week. Oh. So that that must have been you guys on Friday. Right? Yeah. Sure. Why not? Yeah. I mean, I I'd been burned too many times by that, man. I don't I don't think I said anything, you know, remotely confident about him. Gary Trent will he will absolutely burn you in a normal regular season setting. But in this setting for the Toronto Raptors where they're playing, like, 7 guys and 4 of those guys are, like, was part of the normal rotation, Gary Trent will take shots. Conley or Hartenstein for tonight. Well, the Knicks are in golden state, and Minnesota is in Utah. The Utah matchup obviously much easier. I would worry a little bit if I was New York if I was rostering if I started Hartenstein that the warriors would run small and then maybe Tibbs would be there'd be some more Chua out there, maybe. Hard to say. But Utah's a really soft opponent and it's Conley used to play there, so he could be comfortable. So you're right about Hartenstein. He played 20 minutes. They've luckily played the warriors a few weeks ago. He played 20 minutes, 6.6 rebounds, 1 steal, 2 of 5 from the field. So I it's it's not a great matchup for somebody like him, especially because, like you said, they have a Chua. They're not really afraid to throw Jericho Sims into the mix as well. There is no OG Anenobi tonight for the Knicks. Not sure if that That's right. Really matters for Hartenstein. Probably not, but something to keep an eye on. And then, I mean, Minnesota, Gobert is questionable. Kyle Anderson is questionable, and Monte Morris, backup point guards, also questionable. I think of those 3, the Kyle Anderson one is maybe what impacts calmly the most as far as Anderson spending time on the ball, doing a little bit more distributing. I mean, you're picking between, in my opinion, 2 fairly underwhelming options. Conley has played really well the last two games. Those were like his 2 best offensive games in the entire year. So you do wonder if that could continue. He's, you know, he's 10 for 18 from 3 in the last two games. I I do think I would still lean that way, though, because this is a really good matchup against Utah. And if you have to make that decision right now, you know, if if Kyle Anderson's out, I I think that that gives him a pretty decent boost as well. I agree with everything you said. At the same time, I they're I'm always you know, he's going up against Chris Dunn in theory. Although, maybe they put Dunn on Anthony Edwards. They they might put him on Anthony Edwards. I take that back. Yeah. I mean, I think Conley's fine. Like like Nick said, if Kyle Anderson's out, even if Colbert's out, there's gonna be some usage opening up. Alright. We got a question here from Paul. I if I'm summarizing this correctly, I I believe the question is essentially, should I drop a star Thompson and plan on keeping Simone Fontecchio over the longer term here as we as we play it out in Detroit? Fair question. You know, SAR is gonna miss what is 5th straight game now due to an illness, which is a little weird. Yeah. It's like a it's an asthma thing. Right. That's what I mean Yeah. I did I mean, I don't know really a whole lot about asthma, but, like, I thought I thought it was just like a one game thing. Like, he just couldn't play in one game, but it did. Was he this is like an asthma attack. It could have been it. It seems like all we have really is that was an asthma flare up. So I wish I, I I don't know. Okay. Okay. So well, either way, appreciate the clarity there. They have a 4 game week. He's not gonna play tonight. That leaves a maximum of 3 games. You know, Fonteccio dealing with a toe injury, you know, that this time of year, those toe injuries can get you. He is questionable for tonight. I would be more confident that he either plays through that or misses less time than Asar. I mean, Fonsecchio started 4 in a row. He's played 34 plus minutes in all 4. Completely different player from Asar Thompson in terms of the staff profile, but, I I think given what we know right now, I I think I would go Fontecchio. I'm fine with Fontecchio. Yeah. I will I will. I mean, the thing I will say is you have to almost make this clarification all the time. What what kind of league are you in? If you're are you in a are you in a roto league? Are you in a head to head league where it's like, if you need the blocks and steals and rebounds or assists, you go you go with Saar. If you need the if you need the points and threes, you go Fontecchio. So there's some, you know, you gotta weigh that a little bit. But, yeah, just sort of blind. I don't really know when a star is coming back. And Fonsecchio, past 30 days per game, it has been better than a star. So I'm fine with that. Good question for Patrick. He says, is hero a drop? Might have to be, man. Might have to be, out at least another week. You know, if yours is one of those leagues where it's like this is the semifinals and next week is the finals, like, I think so. Right? I mean, even if he comes back, what are you getting? Like a maximum of 2 games where he's limited? Yeah. Depends on when your playoffs is. Yeah. I I would prefer not to have to couch it like that, but it 100% depends on when your playoffs is. I think if you have if you have to win within the next 2 weeks, your matchup, then probably you have to drop them because it's reevaluated at 1 to 2 weeks, which dealing with what we have dealt with injury wise in terms of Nick and I, like, covering this for a long time, I'm always going to lean on the longer end of that timetable when they say reevaluate it. So I'm just going to I'm just going to assume he's out for 2 weeks. I think you have to, if it's if it's a league that goes through game 82 and you can just keep him chilling in an IR spot, I'm okay with that. You know, and and if you're in if you're in a deeper league, it also comes down to, like, alright, who are you grabbing? You know, it's like, are you are you dropping Tyler Hero so you could go pick up, I don't know, Markle Fultz? You know, at that point, it's like, is it even worth it? Are you getting enough out of it to to justify the potential downside of Tyler Hero coming back sooner than we expect and somebody else in your league picking them up? Like, I I think if I'm in, like, a 10 or 12 team league and I could get somebody out there who's a real difference maker, you know, if I could add, I don't know, Trey Mann or somebody like that, like, then you have to do it. But if you're if you're just if you're talking about work at the margins and just adding somebody just to add someone, but you might not even be putting in your starting lineup, I I would say it's worth hanging on to hero. I I think Desmond Bane would be kind of the cautionary tale version of this. Yeah. And, you know, Bane, a lot of these do you know, do I drop this guy questions? When there are situations like this, some of it does depend on league size. Like, you you like you just said, if you're in a 10 team league and you have Tyler Herro, way less risk in dropping him and just streaming other guys in because 10 team leagues have a ton of great streamable guys on the wire all the time. I've always had the same thing for Bane. But if you're in a 16 team league and you had Bane or you have hero now, it's a lot harder to make that decision because realistically, who are you picking up? Yeah. Alright. Daniel says, please rank the following players for the rest of the week. 9 cats, daily lineup league. Peyton Pritchard, the unicorn. Is that Porzingis? I'm gonna assume. Yeah. Okay. Nora and, Jontay Porter. I wish I could I wish I could gotta be that's gotta be Cornett. Right? Actually, I don't know. Yeah. Is it is it I'm not the Chuck Bassmore reference. The green cornet is on there. Look. Man, cornet. Okay. That's a I didn't know. Thank you. In fact, cornet. I was gonna say it's like, alright. Like, Porzingis is gonna be number 1. Yeah. Let's start with Porzingis. Nate Richard, Jordan D'Aura, Shae Gustaf Alexander, Jontae Porte. Look. I mean, D'Aura launches shots, man. I He does. He he he flings. Like, he's been playing 18 minutes a game over the past 5 games, 12 points a game. Johntae Porter is giving you sometimes 0 points, but he the the steals and blocks are pretty good, plays absolutely nothing like his brother Michael Porter. I mean, you could not be farther from playing like someone you're related to than Jontay Porter and Michael Porter. I think Jontay Porter's torn his ACL at least twice, so it's a little bit limited. You know, not that he was ever the prospect. He was never, like, the type of prospect that that MPJ was, but, yeah, I mean, he was one of those guys that just had, like, an ultra tragic college career, which, by the way, look into this. I don't have all the numbers in front of me, but, like, Michael Porter has I think he has, like, 4 or 5 siblings, maybe more. And, like, all of them have had crazy injury issues. So they're just like a family plagued by by knee problems. I've I've heard about that. I actually Ken, Shand, and I talked about Jontay Porter last pod, and I was like, didn't he wasn't he, like, day to day with a knee injury for an entire year? The answer is yes, because I wrote 18 Jontay Porter notes, during his rookie year. Basically just saying out Tuesday, out Wednesday, out Thursday, out Monday. Anyway, this this this is a deep league, man. 9 cat daily. I I feel like you're gonna it's it's with the Celtics might rest guys down the stretch. Right? So that's kind of what your argument is for the for Pritchard and and Cornette, which is the Celtics lately have been listing a lot of guys as questionable going into certain games. And usually one of them sits out 1 to 2 and then the other 2, maybe 3 will play. We know that Porzingis is pretty injury prone and sits out a lot and Horford doesn't play back to back. So we'll also sit out a lot. So I, I would lead Cornett to an extent because there are gonna be minutes where, or games where he's just gonna play a lot of minutes because they have no other bigs really other than like a couple of guys at the end of their bench. As far as, Noora and Porter, that's just what you need category wise. It it just comes down to that. And to be honest, you know, not not defense walk at this too much. These guys are all so different players that to me, it just comes down to what do you need, categories wise? Yeah. You know, I for for this week specifically, I think I would lean toward the Boston guys 4 games versus 3 games. Pritchard to me is probably the safest as far as not missing any games or having the highest, like, minutes floor night tonight. You know, Boston is kinda going into some, like, late season load management mode. If you've been paying attention over the last few games, like tonight, they will not have Drew Holiday out there. So that, you know, that should be a nice boost for Peyton Pritchard. They won't have Al Horford tonight. They won't have Sam Hauser. Tatum's questionable. Brown's questionable. Porzingis is on the report. Like, I think this is gonna be pretty common for the Celtics the rest of the way and especially this week now that they basically have the 1 seed in the east locked up. So I would go Peyton. If I if I have to choose one of those guys, I would go Pritchard first. I guess maybe Cornett by default. I mean, again, Noel Horford tonight, and they also have a back to back coming up over the weekend. So Horford's missing at least 2 of those games. And Cornett, you know, it's like Cornett's numbers are not that much different than Jontay Porter who's played, I guess, a few more minutes here and there. But, again, lately, Cornett's basically been locked into, like, 15 to 20 minutes. And I I think I want the 4 games from Boston as opposed to the 3 from Toronto. By the way, I'm sorry. I dug up something on the the the porter injuries as a family. This is from October of 2018. So I I think there's been more since then. Like, Michael Porter's had at least one back surgery since this point. Pretty sure Jontay Porter's had another injury since 2018 as well. But at the time, Jontay Porter had torn his ACL and MCL. Michael Porter had had 2 back surgeries and played in 2 games in his entire career at Missouri. His sister, Sierra, had multiple knee surgeries and medically retired. His sister, Brie, 5 torn ACLs, medically retired. 5 torn ACLs. Torn ACLs. That's, like, more than Jabari Parker and Derrick Rose combined. That's crazy. 5. So that was so but so this this is why, you know, we we talked about, like well, we we Michael Porter slipped in the draft, you know, MPJ. And you're like, how has he slipped this far? It's you know, we I I forget who said it. Someone said they got a report a reporter said they talked to a team and that that team said it was the worst medical they had ever seen on any prospect ever. MPJ, you're saying? MPJ. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because they do take into account family history when when athletes when it's a when it's an athlete family. Yeah. I mean, when you when you have, like, 12 torn ACLs between your immediate family members yeah. It's actually terrible. Always been as healthy as he has. And, I mean, it's it's the career that Michael Porter Junior's had is also strange because, I mean, you remember him as a prospect, right? Like, it was not, oh, this guy will be a nice, like, 3 point shooter role player. It was like, this guy wants to be Jayson Tatum and thinks he's Jayson Tatum. Yeah. This guy's going to be like Carmelo, but better. Yeah. Like, it's gonna be like, what if Carmelo sprayed from 3 all the time? Yeah. What if you yeah. What if you mixed Carmelo Anthony with Hassan Whiteside's vision? Man, if you have 12, it's 12 ACLs. If you have 12 ACLs in 12 generations of your family, that's a lot. But yet Yeah. I don't I don't even know if I, like, know somebody personally who's torn their ACL. And I'm sure I do. Just nobody come like, none of my immediate friends have had, like we play we play a ton of basketball played, you know, in high school and college and whatnot. Nobody I mean, 5 the same person tear their ACL 5 times. My goodness. Alright. Enough of that. We'll hit a few more of these, and we'll be on our way out. Little bit of speculation here, but Billy says, do you think Jaylen Brown plays 4 games this week? I would say it's less likely that he does. You know, if you set the line at, like, 3a half, I would take the under. So questionable for tonight against the Pistons. So that's already that's already questionable. Then they play the bucks, then they play Detroit again, and then Chicago. Back to back. Look. I think back to back. I would not be surprised if he sat out. I would not even be surprised if he sat out tonight and Friday. So keep that in mind. And then also the the Celtics are about to go on a really long road trip. So I don't know if that's gonna play into it at all, but I would consider that they're about to go on a 6 game road trip. So maybe they want them fresh for that. Yeah. I just I don't see that happening. I mean, I I don't think that we're looking at, like, a shutdown or anything, but they're 9 and a half up in the east. You know, they've already Yeah. You know, he's already missed what? 2 of the last 3 games. Like you said, you played Detroit twice. I can't imagine he plays in both of those. So yeah, I know it's technically a 4 game week for Jaylen Brown, but I would probably treat it as a as a 3 game week and then, you know, go from there. Alright. Daniel says, in addition to mercy of the fantasy hoops gods, you gents offered solid streaming advice to allow me to beat a juggernaut in last week's semis. Alright. There we go, Danny. We'd love to hear it. Best of luck in the finals this week. Drello 28 says, Jalen Duran against Boston tonight or Naz Reed against the Jazz in a points leak. So we're kinda looking at a a one night streamer here. Not necessarily a streamer, I guess, but just, you know, somebody to to put in the lineup tonight. Naz Reed or Jalen Duran. I would say we gotta wait on Gobert, right, before we we fire up Naz Reed? Yes. But, also, Nasrid against the Jazz. Yeah. I mean, that's that's pretty nice. I don't think Taylor Hendrix or John Collins is gonna be guarding Nazareed very well. And we've seen Reed to have some big games without Gobert. Durant against Boston, that's not that's not an easy matchup. I I mean, it's a 2020 monster, but Porzingis is gonna play. That might pull him out to the 3 point line. Tough team. I mean, that they could go down by 40. Would that surprise anybody? Duran's the safest option, but I actually think the upside option is Nazareed. Okay. Alright. I I I don't have anything else to add there because the only other time they played Boston this season was that weird game when it was you know, they almost beat them when they were on the losing streak. Yeah. I think they went to overtime. Durin had 15 and 14, but it needed 40 minutes to get there. So, yeah, I I think you're right to kinda look at the Porzingis matchup as like I'm not saying a jury can't handle it, but it's it might not be, like, the best rebounding upside type of matchup for Duran. And I think if if if Gobert is upsetting tonight, then I would go Naz Reed. That's that's, like, too good to spot almost. Joseph says, do you believe that a stream of Lowry for his assistance deals outweighs the negatives he could bring you this week? 16 team league. All right. So we're at least in the right size league to, to be talking about Kyle Lowry 9 cat head to head. Oh, well, Kyle Lowry, you know, it is what it is at this point. It's still gonna need some feels. He's That is fair. Assists every now and then. Picking up some fouls. You know, had 4 fouls the other night to get Charlotte. Schedule wise this week for for Philly, it is a 4 game week. So you have that going for you. I mean, I don't know. It it 16 team league, there's just not a whole lot out there. So it it sounds really unappealing, but that's just kind of life on the waiver wire this time of year. I mean, I'm I almost always say maybe I use this barometer too much, but if there's a guy who could get you 20 assists in a week, probably worth probably worth grabbing and starting him. Yeah. Same way you get your 20 assists and 4 steals. That's a great week. Yeah. He might not be giving you anything else really anywhere. The field goal percentage sucks, but, you know, you gotta weigh that a little bit. I I he's a fine stream 4 game week. Alright. We got a similar question to the Joan Brown one. We think of Derek White misses one of the upcoming back to backs. Any clues on the severity of Sam Hauser's ankle? Not much at Hauser. I mean, there are they are brutal amount pretty quickly for tonight. You know, obviously, Celtics have a pretty huge cushion here to to be cautious with him. So tough to say, you know, if that's day to day or game to game or what. Derek White not on the injury report tonight, against Detroit. They played back to back Friday, Saturday. They don't have another back to back until games 8081, if I'm counting correctly here. So it's really just that that one back to back Friday, Saturday against Detroit, Chicago that you'd be worried about. Yeah. And so, I mean, they Brown is questionable tonight. Drew Holiday is sitting out. I think ideally, Boston just wants at least one of Holiday or Derrick White healthy. Yeah. So part of me thinks, okay, Holiday's out tonight. My guess is he plays another one of these upcoming games this week, maybe in the back to back, and then White gets one of the nights off, and they just do that. Yeah. It's it's hard to say. I mean, because so many like, all these guys have been on the injury report lately from, you know, Horford to Porzingis, to Tatum, to Brown, to White, to Holiday. It does feel like White has played the most of these guys despite being on the injury report. You know, like, yesterday against Washington was his first absence in a long time, like, month and a half. So I I I think he's the guy that's probably most likely to be consistent. Like, I I think he plays more games the rest of the season than Holiday does, but I think what you're implying is there's basically gonna be like a rotation setup where it's like, alright. 1 of you guys is sitting tonight. The other one will play the next night. Tatum will take you off this night. Brown, you're in. Like, I I I think the I think the Celtics are, you know, being cognizant of of the NBA rest rules, for 1, which I don't think any of these games are gonna be on national TV, especially the back to back Friday, Saturday, Detroit, Chicago. I will say that I mean, this would be something that might come up for that Wednesday game against Milwaukee. Right? I mean, that that might be one where they're they they can only hold out so many guys. Yeah. Which is why I think they're kind of doing this carousel thing. Yeah. So that they can't get dinged and their team is good enough where if they hold out one of their starters, it's like, well, it's not really ruining the product. Yeah. Well, it actually it almost works out better for fantasy and like betting and stuff for the like if they're playing Detroit without Jaylen Brown or you're playing Chicago without Jayson Tatum, I I kinda like it. Like, I it reduces, like, the dramatic blowout factor and, you know, obviously, gives a higher floor to guys like Cornett, and Peyton Richard. Alright. We'll wrap it up there. Great questions as always, guys. Good luck to everybody who's in the fantasy playoffs, especially if you're in the finals this week. We we hope that, you know, we've given you some advice over the last, like, 21 weeks that have that have helped you get to this point. Alex, it's it's not looking great for us in the rotor wire stake league. The shangoon injury, final nail in the coffin for me. It's gonna be gonna be another disappointing year on that front, but, you know, success in other leagues as well, but it would be it'd be nice to not be on the hook for a, like, $350 steak dinner this year. I heard the NFL one was, high. Let's say let's say there were some let's say there was some buzz about maybe banning alcohol from the, Who brought the advert? That's not gonna happen. You know, I don't look. There's expensive wines is a easy way to rack up the bill, and, you know, it's borderline it, I think, to some people. Yeah. Well, I I think inflation, you know, is part of it as well. If that that is true, actually. Gone undercover here. Look. I got nobody nobody to blame but myself for paying for Jaren Jackson and Lauren Barkinan. And, you know, I should I should have known that the grizzlies' entire team would be injured 20 games into the year. But, we'll we'll do some more, you know, kinda looking back on the season, looking ahead in the coming weeks, once the fantasy playoffs are over, once we don't have so many good questions to answer, you know, we'll start looking ahead to next season, talking more playoffs, things of that nature. But, we will be back next Monday. We'll have, the great doctor Ray on the pod tomorrow. I'll be with Brandon Kravitz, Wednesday. Doctor Ray and Rick, Thursday. Alex, Ken, and Shannon coming to you on Friday.