Welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by Underdog Fantasy. It is Friday, January 5th, 2024, Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and can k train crates all aboard. Let's jump right into the news. Last night. We saw Nikola yo, kich had a last second 40 foot 3 pointer over Kevon Looney for Denver's 130 to 127 win at Golden State. The Warriors dropped to 16 and 18 with this loss. The Western Conference continues to be tight at the top of the standings. You have 4 teams within 3 games, Minnesota OKC, Denver, and the red hot LA Clippers. Aaron Gordon had a 30.9 rebound game in his 2nd contest back from being attacked by, I think it was his dog. Yes. Makes you wonder how he's treating his dog, doesn't it? Just saying. He's he said it's a good boy. I believe. He said it's a good I believe him too. We also had some waiver wire darlings, come off the bench for Golden State. Steve Kerr was like, yeah, we're gonna go with this lineup for for the foreseeable future. And then he's like, you know what? Just kidding. I was doing gamesmanship, to scare off Mike Mullen. Total BS move. As as we all know, coaches lie all the time, teams lie all the time. You're gonna be just as right not believing them as you are believing them. Free pods. Play pods. Yeah. This was, just a weird game overall. There's just the the warriors' rotation is really frustrating because you go and add all these guys off the waiver wire. I mean, it's like, oh, yeah. Kamiga's playing well. He's got, you know, however many points, and he ends up playing only 19 minutes. It's not like he was in foul trouble or anything. Though. 16 points for Oh, he had a good game. Or, Well, it's like if he had played 28 minutes, imagine how good of a game he would've had. I I mean, I don't I don't know if there are any major fantasy takeaways from this game, Shannon, other than just, you know, the warriors' rotation continues to be a bit frustrating. Although, allegedly, Draymond Green is going to return to the facility in the upcoming days. Yeah. And so we're gonna see another shake up as soon as Draymond does return. I'm I'm assuming, you know, Chris Paul might go back to the bench. Maybe they go with a smaller lineup, and put Looney back in the bench and keep Kuminga in there. It would seem to make sense to try to work Kuminga keep Kuminga in the starting lineup. And play Wiggins less. Wiggins minus minus 14 point differential last night. Get him out of there. But I I don't think we're gonna have I think it's gonna be a revolving door with that, starting lineup, and there'll be switches until this team gets on the right track. I mean, 16 and 18, that's where curves worry is. So, yeah, I don't think he's worried too much about what us fantasy basketball players think about his rotation. They are 11th in the west. They are outside looking in at the plan. They are. Yeah. Not only was Wiggins a minus 14 last night. He's a minus 14 on the season. It's it's been horrible for him. It's been horrible. Well, hey, Alex. Sort of good news, kind of bad news. The Bucks sneak by the lowly spurs last night, 125, 121. Spurs average given up I'm sorry. The Spurs average scoring a 111 points per game, but put 121 on the defensively challenged Bucks. Giannis and Wendy had a huge showdown. Giannis, 44 points, 14 rebounds, 7 dimes, and 3 stocks. But Wendy, on his 20th birthday, 27 points, 9 boards, 1 assist, 5 blocks, also 5 turnovers. The Bucks are given up almost a 120 points per game, which ranks 24th in the association. Alex and Shannon, what can Milwaukee do to improve their defense? Make a trade. Trade for Grayson Allen back. Some don't need that guy. We could use them. No. It's just the Bucks, you know, you lose Drew Holiday and Grayson Allen, who's very good defensive backcourt. You replace them with Damian Lillard and Malik Beasley who are terrible defensive backcourt. Not only that, Khris Middleton's not healthy on the wing. The wing defense is important. And he's always he's been an overrated defender for, like, 5 years now. Yeah. So it's, there's only 2 good defenders in the starting lineup, and they both play on the back line. Do they have draft picks they can deal? I don't really think so. I was gonna say, I don't know how much they have in the treasure trove to make a trade. Right? No one's looking for Malik Beasley. No. Off the top of my head, I don't think they have anything. No. No. Not much not much to do. You know? Essentially, they're just like every other contender, they're gonna be on the market for a 3 and d perimeter player, come to trade deadline. Good luck landing that with the assets they have. Maybe in the buyout market, they'll find someone. But they're just gonna have to outscore, other teams. And, really, other than Indiana, they've been doing that against most teams in the in the NBA. So I don't think the Bucks have much to worry about, honestly. Do you do you think they're praying they can get PJ Tucker in the buyout tonight? Get him back. I I don't know. I well, the the problem is they need they need yarder defense. They need they need backcourt defense. Yeah. They don't need another PJ soccer type. That's true. That's true. Yeah. Alex, you know, you're the one that's stuck doing the lineups and the injuries, and you deal with this the most, at rotor wire. Can you explain the whole Khris Middleton back to backs thing and why he sort of sat, sort of did not sit last night and the whole NBA rules where they're trying to stop the sitting? Well, you know, the team knew that Middleton wasn't gonna play the second half. No one else knew. We didn't know, I don't know if the sport Traditionally, they were traditionally not playing Middleton in back to backs. Yes. And somebody must have told Milwaukee from the head office, hey. We think he's ready to play or what what was going on there? Well, he had been playing 30 minutes. I mean, he had before that he had played 30 minutes. And what is this 7th straight get 6 straight games. So the Bucks were ramping him up. But, yeah, this was apparently a scheduled second half rest day, which only they knew internally and did not report to anybody. So it's really frustrating. I will say at they did Adrian Griffin did announce before the game that Khris Middleton this may be an hour before the game. That Khris Middleton was gonna have his minutes monitored during Okay. Thursday night's contest. What that means, obviously, you know, you have to still decipher. But it did immediately. I went and said, okay. Well, I'm taking them out of my DFS lineups. So that that is something to watch. You know? Keep an eye out for those type of updates. And if it's with a guy like Khris Middleton, you know, I think you have to proceed with caution if you're playing in a daily league or a DFS, format. So it's it feels like they're doing something sneaky to not get fined by the head office, and it's weird. But that's good advice, Jim. Alex, tell us about news in Chicago. Yeah. We have Zach LaVine is questionable to return tonight for the Bulls. We all we thought maybe we had seen the last of LaVine in the Bulls uniform, but they're gonna bring them back seemingly soon. And I don't know if it's just to prove that he's healthy so they can move him. But, you know, from a fantasy standpoint, you might have a few rough not rough games, but Kobe White's usage, might go down a bit here. Well, I would still hold on, you know, assuming LaVine's getting traded. You know why they they're bringing them back? Because nobody wants them. Nobody's like true. Oh, yeah. I'd love to pay him 46,000,000 for each of the next three seasons to play terrible defense and pout when he doesn't get to shoot a 1,000 times a game. Yeah. Please give me that honor. Yeah. He's a he's a hard player to trade for because we know he can't be your number one option. He make an order. If you're if he's your number 2 option, your number one probably has to be like borderline MVP. So if you're trading for him, you have to be a team that's decent right now, but that needs a third option. And it's like, what is that 2 teams? I don't even know. Like the Kings. It's just, you know, I don't know. It's he's a really hard guy to trade. We also have Kevin Durant still questionable for tonight. He's missed 2 games. I would be surprised if he came back tonight. No reason to, like, rush him back or anything. Phoenix is 18 and 16. They're 9th in the West. You know, they've been completely unable to get healthy. I did look up what their numbers are with Bradley Beal, Durant, and Booker on the floor together. It's like a 120, a 150 possessions or something like that. They're plus 25 per 100. Like, they're destroying teams when they're all on the court together, but they've played the equivalent of, like, 1 and a half full games. Yeah. So Is this lineup ever healthy, though? You know, like, I don't know if Beal's ever gonna play a 50 game season. Durant's 87 years old or something. You know? Shannon, what's your optimism or pessimism for the sun? I mean, I do think they're we're we're nearing good news for them. Right? Like, Durant should be returning. He's questionable for tonight. I think they they're best served. Keep him out until he's truly a 100%. But on the Beal side, it's actually been pretty encouraging since his 5 game. He sat for 5 games. He's been back for 4 now. And and upon his return, they had mentioned they're gonna kind of watch his minutes closely and ramp them up accordingly, but not just let him go out there and immediately play a full load of minutes, but he actually is already there. I mean, he played 30, 35, 34, 41 minutes in the most recent game on Wednesday. Well, they I mean, maybe they did the first game, but if they're confident or comfortable enough playing them for 41 minutes on Wednesday, that's a good indication indicator that he's healthy right now. He's been north of 30 minutes since it came back. It's been a whopping 41 on 3rd. So his inevitable breakdown will come. Yeah. Depending on depending on what book you look at, in, for futures championship odds. The Suns are still 4th in, in title odds right now behind the Celtics nuggets and bucks and above the 76ers Clippers Lakers, wolves, thunder Mavericks heat is how that goes. Nick and I have been talking about the Thunder's title odds before Christmas. They were like 45 to 1 and now they're down to 23 to 1. So people are definitely starting to have some more belief in the Thunder. Beat the t wolves and the Celtics, and that's going to get you some attention. It will. Yeah. Okay. Before we get to fan feedback, let's talk about underdog fantasy. The number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code RWNBA to claim your free rotawire subscription and deposit bonus. Choo choo, Ken. Yeah. Sorry. I'm trying to get our car that's code, r w n b a, and, or just choo choo. Anyway, trying to line up our questions here. I got one of the busted. That's my Yeah. I got one, from, presumably a Nick fan. Do you guys think McBride is worth a grab and hold, or is he just a streamer? Miles McBride, 23 year old guard did sign a 3 year extension with the Knicks. I mean, I kinda liked what I saw from McBride last year. He's like a steals guy mostly, steals and threes. But the fact that he played 18 minutes in that game where Anaganoby hadn't played yet and Barrett and quickly were gone. Then he played 7 minutes and 10 minutes. I just, I can't, I can't hold him. It's just I I again, I like them. If you're in a really deep dynasty league and you have, like, a a g league spot or developmental spot, yeah, throw them in there, whatever. But I couldn't do it in a redraft league. Yeah. Same. It's gotta be an extremely deep league, because at best, what is he? The 5th guard on this team right now? It's certainly encouraging that they view him as a possible long term asset, and that's why they ex the Knicks signed him to the extension. But until I see McBride actually go out there and play 20 plus minutes or produce at a level that's appropriate to warrant a a pickup in in whatever size fans league you're in, then I think he's just, just, you know, keep him on the waiver wire and watch and pick him up when the time's right. Alright. Next question's about pickups. It may be too long. Yeah. It fits in nicely. Guy wants to know Richards, Olinik, Patatsy, Nance junior, all on his waiver wire. You got any preferences for those 4? I know we were talking pre show about Mark Williams returning for the Hornets. Yeah. I mean, I would say all those guys are fair ads. I'm looking at your drop candidates. I I I got those guys. I would probably go with Jackson Davis or or Ethan as a drop. Although I'm so I love Ethan so much. It'd be hard for me to drop him. I don't know. Shannon, do you have a preference on on either the pickups or the drops? Yeah. I mean, right now, obviously, Drummond will be a drop as soon as Vooch returns, in most Could be tonight, by the way. It could be tonight. Yeah. Yeah. I I'm actually gonna go with a as my favorite of those 4. Richards has had a couple of good games, but he hasn't been consistent enough. And, also, I know Williams has already ruled out for Friday, and he's had that doubtful take for so long. But it does seem already? I believe so unless Oh my god. Yep. Out for Friday. Wow. So that that's actually for the year. It's a joke. Charlotte for what it's worth, Charlotte and Utah both have 4 games next week. We'll get a little more into Larry Nance in the pickups. Yeah. We will. But But I I think Olinic. I I'm going with the clinic, and I would drop basically, I I would wait until I have I would hold on to Drummond for as long as possible. And then as soon as we know Vooch is returning, drop Drummond for Olinic. For what it's worth, Carter Wendell Carter's still having issues, in Orlando. Alex, didn't you and I tried a few slacks about Patatsy going back up the depth chart? Yeah. We need to push Patatsy back up because I I don't know if Wendell Carter's gonna start again this season. He just hasn't he hasn't been playing that well, and he's been coming off the bench the past 3 games, and they played so well without him there. I just you know? I mean, I I think they did play so well with him as a starter. Why would you upset that Mojo for such a mediocre player in Carter? And, like, look, I mean, moving him up up the rotor wire depth chart is one thing, but the more the more, the more relevant question that we get about Carter is like, should I pick him up? You know? And I don't think so because his ceiling, his absolute ceiling is like top 80. But that's if he plays 33 that's if he plays 30 not the center. No. He doesn't. And that's if he plays 33 minutes a game and he stays healthy, which he has never done. So you can't I to me, he's not even worth picking up unless you're maybe a 14 team league. Well, in the way they keep waffling and he's back. He's not back. Makes me think that knee is is messy. Right? Yeah. Alright. Well, hopefully, I won't butcher anymore of the ad reads dealing with the, fan feedbacks. But, you know, I love the fans, Alex. I'm here for the fans and the sponsors. It's a tough choice to make, but let's get back to the notes. I believe it is now time for the money segment of the pod, the waiver wire. Take it away, Alex. The waiver wire. If you are new joining us here or just like hearing me say this every week, how we do this is we have 2 regular picks and one long shot. Regular picks must be rostered in 50% or fewer. Fantasy leagues, usually Yahoo, and the one long shot roster in about 25% or fewer of, of Yahoo leagues. Warning, Brooklyn and Cleveland only have one game next week, Philly with 2 games. So if you're if you have some guys in your roster that you've been streaming from those teams or you're thinking about picking someone up, be careful if it's from either of those squads. I'm gonna click kick things off. Dante DiVincenzo of the New York Knicks. He was our, waiver wire cover guy on our YouTube video 2 weeks ago, but the situation has changed after RJ Barrett and Emmanuel Quickley were traded to the Toronto Raptors in exchange for OG. And nobody wish opened up some time. He had a career high, DiVincenzo did, 38 points after the Barrett quickly trade, but before OG got there. Mhmm. Followed that up with 2 performances where he totaled 26 points, 9 rebounds, 7 assists, 2 steals, and a block in 51 minutes. What it looks like from what we've seen the past couple games with this Tim's rotation is that Divincenzo probably gonna see about 5 more, 6 more minutes than he was before, but that also comes with a bit higher usage. Playing a little bit more backup guard, he's gonna handle some more than he was before because Quickley is not there. This might be more of a 14 team ad. I understand in 12 teamers, you know, it's it's kind of borderline, but he actually ranks 49th and permanent 8 cap production this year. He's playing really well fantasy point per minute. So if you're in a if you're in a a points league and you're in a 12 team points league, it's a it's it's a fine ad. New York only has 3 games next week, so he doesn't make for a great streamer, but he's more of a long term, I would say, longer term 14 team league option. Can take us to our cover guy and and. I know. Maybe, you know, I we gotta get the cover guys in early. Maybe I showed a little too much enthusiasm here. Maybe he should be my dull pick or my, long shot of the week, but perennial waiver wire ad, Larry Nance of your New Orleans Pelicans. He's rostered in 22% of Yahoo Leagues. He's back after a rib injury. He does qualify as a forward and center on both Yahoo and ESPN. As Alex loves to point out, Nance plays better with Zion than, Jonas Balanchunas, and we're seeing this as Nance eats into JV's playing time. Pelicans only have 3 games next week, so maybe not ideal to stream this week versus next week. But if you need center help, I've got one league where I'm desperately looking for a backup center. Larry Nance is back and always a solid option. Good suggestion, Ken. My first waiver wire pickup of the week is a guy we've talked about already this season, Aaron Nesmith, swing man for the Indiana Pacers, 32% rostered on Yahoo. You know, like I said, we've mentioned him before, but he continues to play better. His roles change some. So I think he warrants consideration again. He has started the last 5 games for the Pacers. He's been a top 50 player over the past week with averages of 12.5 points, 3.33 pointers, 2 steals, and 1 block in 28 minutes per game. Indiana has 4 games next week. Neesmith is never gonna you know, it's highly unlikely he's gonna go out there and average 18, 20 points per game, but he does enough of the little stuff, has some steals, some threes mixed in where it's gonna provide solid overall value. You know, the Shane Battier special, I always like to call that. And I think we're gonna see that from him for the remainder of the season or as long as he stays in the in the pace of starting lineup. And, you know, even before he's promoted to the starter, he was finishing a lot of games for the Pacers. So it's obvious that Rick Carlisle likes Nesmith and will be a part, an important part of the rotation moving forward. He is hands down their highest energy guy. His minutes are always gonna be there, whether it's bench or starter because he's their biggest hustler on defense and the boards, which is weird. He was kinda drafted to be that, 3 and 3 and d sharpshooter, but, really, he's turned into a high energy guy. It it's it's been impressive. It's weird that he is a starting power forward in the NBA. Preseason, we're talking about top end. We're talking about Walker and expecting one of those guys to break out. But, no, it's Neesmith for the Pacers. Well, really, Jalen Smith's playing power forward, and they finally moved Smith to small forward. You are correct. Now, yes, that is the case. Yeah. But but Neesmith does log a lot of minutes at before. Alex, tell us about another perennial waiver wire, person out in Utah. Well, it's, it's it's former Celtic, former Piston, Kelly Olynyk. Former Rockets? Former Rocket. Yeah. Former Rocket. Former, I think that's it. Oh, no. Miami. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They gave him the big contract after Former former Piston? Former Piston. I said that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He and Larry Nance could be the same person, actually. Yeah. Actually. Yeah. If you Canadian Larry Nance, Kelly Olynyk. If you put them together, they make one really good starter. Utah plays 4 times next week, so that's that's kind of what's driving the Lagos. Olinic is a great streaming option. We could say this about Nance as well. Past 14 games for Olinic. It's a pretty extended stretch here. 9 points, 5 rebounds, 6 assists, and a steal for 27 fantasy points in 23 minutes. The Megads fluctuate a lot, but you got a 4 game week, so you're kinda insulated from some variance there. Still one of the best per mega fantasy players in the NBA. They can't they can't quit him just like we can't quit him. So go ahead and go go ahead and stream them in on your 12 teamers. You know what this really indicates is just how bad John Collins has been playing for the Jazz. That yeah. Yeah. Wanted to replace a with John Collins, and they were they were like, nope. Can't do it. Yeah. It's tough. Alright, Ken. Who's your who's your second waiver wire pickup? Another perennial waiver wire person. Both Shannon and I had them listed. Shannon politely deferred to me. Kelly Oubre of your Philadelphia 70 sixers, only 45% roster on Yahoo. This is a longer term play because Philly has only 2 games. So do not do this for streaming for next week. But Oubre is back as a starter, has started the last 7 games after that car accident that led to a rib injury. Last 5 games, 14 points, 4 rebounds over 2 and a half threes, 2.2 stocks while shooting a nice 47%. It made sense that he was slow coming back from that rib injury, but I think he's finally back. You know, everybody picked him up 12 game, 10 games into the season before that car accident, and he's working his way back to maybe passing Tobias Harris as the number 3 scoring option on this sixers team. Anyway, that's a long term move, though. Kelly Oubre, don't play him next week. I I love Oubre as a pickup, Ken. As you mentioned, we both were gonna highlight him this week. I do I do wonder if he's gonna stick in the starting lineup once the sixers are healthy because over these 7 games, Embiid missed some time, Melton missed some time. Hurt. Yeah. But Batu missed time. You know? So I I'm curious if they're gonna keep him move him to a 6 man role, long term, which wouldn't necessarily hurt his overall production or keep him in the starting lineup. So that that is one aspect to monitor. If they move him to 6 man, he's gonna be the Vinnie Johnson points off the bench, guys. I'm not sure it affects his his, his stats that much because they're not particularly deep. Kelly And I should I should notice that I also had Nesmith, so I supported the Erin Nesmith pick as well that you had this year. Kelly, the air fryer, houbet. Alright. My second pickup is a guy who is just over the 50% mark, but I I think his role's about to change a little bit. Jalen Suggs guard for the Orlando Magic 54% rostered on Yahoo. Orlando's dealing with some injuries. Franz Wagner just left a game because of an angle ankle injury on Wednesday night. He's been ruled out for Friday already. It's kinda to be determined how long he will sit. It's an ankle sprain. You know, depending on the severity of that ankle sprain, it could be a week. It could be, you know, a handful of weeks. We just don't know yet how long he's gonna sit. And if Wagner sits, you know, I think we're gonna see Wagner. So I said, oh, like, I supported it. Like, yes. Oh, okay. Oh. Oh. I thought we were going back to Oubre. No. Okay. If Franz if Franz sits, I just I like Suggs to see an increase in his usage. We saw that in the game that that Hans had to leave early. A big all around game from Suggs on on January 3rd. He had 41 fantasy points, played 39 minutes, which I believe is a career high. 24 points, 3 rebounds, 4 assists, 2 steals, 2 blocks, and 6 3 pointers. 6 for 12 from downtown. You know, it's been rare where Suggs would get, 18 field goal attempts, but that's how many he's seen he saw on Wednesday. And I you know, if if if Franz is out, Franz has been the team's number 2 option, behind Banchero. So if they if they need, more scoring, you've already got Fultz's out for Friday, for instance. So you have Wagner out on Friday, Fultz out on Friday, Gary Harris out on Friday. This team's gonna need more scoring. Yep. Yep. Oh, how could I forget? Joe Ingalls out on Friday. Yeah. Yeah. This team is gonna need more scoring, and I expect scouts to really step up. So if you're looking for a short term streaming option, if you're in a shallow league, I think Suggs the guy to to pick up. But he should be rostered in more he should be rostered more than 50% 54% of leagues by now. When they were running a lot of the offense through Wagner, almost in a Grand Hill point forward capacity with faults out, which has been what now? 3, 4 weeks? I don't know. It seems like it's been forever. So they'll need some next. So yeah. Suggs is gonna hold the ball a ton. He's ball's gonna go through his hands a ton. My long shot pick Ken or Ken's. Shannon's Alec Burks, another wafer wire staple. She ain't gonna she's shaking his head. You don't love Alec Burks. Come on. I'm not gonna claim that one. Just he's 9% roster in Yahoo. Questionable for tonight. So that's just a quick heads up. If you're trying to stream them in tonight, beware of that. But the past 5 games for Burks, he's averaging 18 2 points, 18.2 points, 3.4 threes, 2.6 boards, 1.0 assists in 26 minutes. He he's had, let's say, varying fantasy relevance throughout this season, but when he's hot, when Monty Williams is playing him, you gotta add him in 16 team leagues for sure, shallower kinda borderline, but it should be more than 9% while he's hot. He almost hey. I'll hit that game tire that that he lost in overtime. Who was that against? I forget. Utah. It was against Utah. He had he had a big game against Utah, and he played really well. He has back to back really good games. I'm not a big fan of the Pistons bench unit, but it's hard to argue with Burks as a streaming option in deep leagues. That is definitely the case. Yeah. I have 3 pointers. Yeah. That's true. That's true. Three pointers. I have a similar super deep league long shot. But at least he's a starter. Tomani Kamara of your Portland Trail Blazers only rostered in 3% of leagues, but Portland has 4 games tomorrow. The sec or next week. Sorry. Four games next week. The second round rookie has started for the Trail Blazers since mid November. And last 10 games, he's had boring but steady production of 8 points over 5 rebounds, 1.6 stocks, 1 3 pointer while shooting a nice 49% from the field. Again, this is our long shot for deep leagues, 16 team leagues. The minutes are there. You need minutes to be productive, and the trailblazers have 4 games. If you're in a deep league, need to stream somebody because you got Brooklyn or Cleveland on your roster. Tamani Kumar can get you by the next week. You know, his it's funny because his best NBA comp might be on his team, Matisse Thybulle. I always just yeah. Thybulle. Yeah. Exactly. So yeah. He's he's kinda he's kinda the Already give him minutes. They just Probably, not not as high of a ceiling on the defensive end as Thiebaud, but, better shooter. A better shooter. A lot cheaper for the trailblazers, Kamara. But Well, there you go. Who's your long shot, Shannon? Yeah. Our final suggestion for the week's Simone Fontecchio, starting small forward for the Utah Jazz. He's he impressed me. I watched him play against the Pistons. I've seen him play a handful of times this year, but he was he was brilliant against Detroit on Wednesday night. He's looked really good since returning to the starting lineup 3 games ago. Over that 3 games, he is averaging 17 points, 6.7 rebounds, 2.7 assists, 2 steals, and 2.33 pointers, 41% from downtown, 55 from the floor. You know, as long as if he sticks in the starting lineup, I think he's worth a look in most 12 team leaguers, 12 team leagues, definitely 14 team leagues. I'm surprised, that the Jazz went back to him, but I also was never a big believer of marketing being a a small forward. I think he's a better fit at the 4. So if Vatechchio is available and you're in a 12, 14 team league, he he's worth a look, especially if you need 3 pointers, and probably probably a good hold for as long as he stays in the starting lineup. Yet another human embodiment of the failure that is John Collins in Utah. But, yeah, he had he's had some huge games. They were dinged up a little bit, but, I think They're healthy now. I mean, they're they're healthy now, and he's playing 30 over 30 minutes per game over that 3 game stretch. Maybe part of their good tanking strategy. We'll see. But, yeah, they they keep playing. Alright, gentlemen. It is time for your Friday night DFS advice on a very busy slate, and I'll try to answer a few questions live while you guys give your awesome DFS advice. There are 14 games today, which makes, my job and anybody else's job who works at this company and works on NBA content a living nightmare. But if you play DFS in a, in a in a throne like Shannon does, this is a really fun night. Highest over under of the night, Atlanta at Indiana 262 over under. We saw this go for what? Was it over 300? Last time these two teams play against each other, absolutely ridiculous. As always in terms of injuries, too many guys out to just sit here and list. Nobody wants to listen to that. So check the rotor wire daily lineups page, check the rotor wire injuries page, read the analysis, etcetera. Shannon, on this slate, where is the 1st place that you are turning? Well, it's it's going to be the Atlanta, Indiana game. Okay. Basically, any any players you can get in your lineup from that contest probably makes sense. You know, the the the Pacers have a lot of guys who have high ceilings coming off their bench like Buddy Heald, Matherin, their Isaiah Jackson even. You know, our our optimizer likes Isaiah Isaiah Jackson, even though he's gonna probably play less than 20 minutes, because of that high over under. It it's an absolutely monster game from a DFS standpoint. My favorite play from that game is Jalen Johnson, 69100 on DraftKings. Yeah. We've talked about Johnson a lot, preseason, during the season. He has been fantastic since returning from injury over the past 3 games. He has 42, 48, and 49 fantasy points. It's it's tough for me to avoid him, especially in in a cushy matchup against the Pacers who are horrible against opposing forwards. I, I looked this up the other day. I I don't remember the exact stats on it, but obviously, the Pacers are one of the worst transition teams in the NBA. And Jalen Johnson scores something like 30 per 35% of his points in transition. So it should be a massive opportunity for him to play. So I I definitely like that call. Other guys you can get in that game are good. The the Pacers just they don't have any backcourt defenders either. Hard for me to to to really say, like, don't play Trae Young. Don't play Dejounte Murray. It's just like it's, it's hard to it's hard to ignore at some point. Aside from those guys, I think, you know, Nick Richards is going to continue to be a good value. It's a little up and down, but he's he's he had, like, one bad game against Phoenix going up against Nurkic that happens. Nurkic is actually pretty good at at, stopping opposing centers from from getting rebounds. But he's had a a decent floor of about 26 to 30 fantasy points, going up against Chicago who are may or may not be without Nikola Butchovich. Any other any other spots for you, Shannon? Yeah. Richard's certainly a good solid play. He remains under $6,000. So, in that range, he's usually, you know, a a good option, and that matchup against Chicago is nice. One one center that I do like more, than Richards who is in that same price range is our boy, Isaiah Hartenstein. 6,000 for the New York Knicks. He is he's starting the he's been playing better since the trade, past 2 games. 39 minutes, 37 minutes, 34 and 47 fantasy points in those 2 outings. You know, I think 2 week or, actually, this wasn't on podcast, but we talked about it. I thought maybe Precious, Atua, would would eat in to Hartenstein's minutes. That hasn't happened yet. Hartenstein's only playing more minutes. And for as long as that happens, I'm gonna roll with Hartenstein as long as the discount on DraftKings like he is tonight. Couple other discount guys that I like. Cody Martin for the Charlotte Bobcat. Why do I always say Bobcats? Hornets. No. They're the Bobcats. They're they'll always be the Bobcats in my heart. But Cody Cody Martin played 33 minutes against Sacramento on Tuesday night. Only 17 fantasy points, but I I love the fact that he's playing 33 minutes. This Charlotte team's still shorthanded. Gordon Hayward's out. And I think Cody Martin is actually the guy who is the better fit. You know? You got Bruce McGowan and some other options who they've been streaming in and out of their starting lineup. But I won't be surprised if Martin even gets a starting nod in the near future. Yeah. I mean, Martin, I wrote I wrote them up in an article. I did about, you know, risers and fallers over the holiday, you know, week and a half and he was in there because it's like, well, you know, he's been a decent guy for like 14 team fantasy leagues for a while. So I like that call. We also have this Washington Cleveland game with a 2 40 over under. I think Kuzma is a solid option in this game. It's gonna be guarded by Dean Wade most likely, which should lead to some buckets. Ken, Jazz versus Celtics. What do you what what have you seen in the game for the clinic. Oh, yeah. True. I have been ants frantically answering questions in the message. I see that. Yeah. So, you know, the I think the fear was just who would Boston bench? Who are they gonna rest? Even if they say everyone's healthy, they have had a healthy, injury report the last few games. Al Horford's gonna take a snooze. I I would just be worried that blowout, and we see a lot of O'Shea Broussette, Lamar Stevens, and Luke Cornett. So my fear would just be at home to now, but, you know, may maybe Boston takes this game for granted, but the the the fear of a blowout and low minutes for the starters would worry me. Yeah. I mean, this, 14 point favorites, Boston are, against Utah. So blowout potential is there. Kyle Sexton, though, has been playing really well. I guess I'd I'd lean a little, though. Boy, the guard Celtic guard defense is so awesome. So awesome. Maybe not. We have we have the Pistons on the slate, Shannon, going up against the warriors who played a really hard fought game yesterday. 2nd night with back to back for them. What have you seen out of Detroit lately aside from Alec Burks turning things up? So the actually, what we have on DraftKings, which is a this is a unique thing that they've been doing lately. They've they've they've divvied up their main slate to not include the final 2 to 3 games when it when it especially when it's big slate like this. So the the late games are actually a separate slate and not a part of the main slate on draft teams for tonight. But I don't mind that. No. I it's it's a unique it's a unique twist. I kind of like it. I think it, certainly helps, players who aren't, the Sharks. If you're not, you know, if you max entry lineup folks probably would prefer the the full all games beyond the slate. But I think this is a benefit for people who like to just kinda play more casually. It it's tough. I I think the Golden State side, we'll have to see because I wouldn't be surprised if they rest a couple players, for for Detroit. I mean, cutting Cape County has been carrying this team is gonna have to continue to do so. He had a big 58 point fantasy outing against Utah. He had he had one dud, against the Rockets, where he only had 20 fantasy points. But everything else over the past couple weeks, 50, 60 points. At 86100, Cade's still a quality option there. I I'm not I'm not confident enough in Burks to go that route. 48100. You know, he essentially needs to be hot from 3 when he comes off the bench and have a player like Jaden Ivey, not be playing well to be guaranteed to play 25 minutes or more. So he's a bit riskier. And and then the same thing with, like, Isaiah Livers could maybe be an option for that late slate if you're looking for for a cheap option. 41100. He started the the game against Utah and played 36 minutes. Monty Williams up to his old tricks there. It's tough. I I do like I do like more players on the Golden State side, but I would want to see who they're actually starting. So, you know, does does Looney play and start again, or do they go back to Jackson Davis? Is Kuminga still in the starting lineup? Or or maybe they rest Wiggins, maybe they rest Thompson. It's all gonna change. Pods would be an option, of course, as well if they're resting some of their veterans. But going back to the main slate on DraftKings tonight, there are you know, we talked about Dante, DiFincenzo earlier. He's solid option. 53100 on DraftKings. Alex mentioned that big night that he had, 61 fantasy points when he scored 38 points. He's got that kind of upside, which is rare for someone priced at 53100. And then my one of my favorite picks for this slate is Karl Anthony Towns. I hate the matchup. He's going against the Rockets, but he is listed at 72100. Really low. On DraftKings. I it feels like a mistake. I mean, just 2 weeks ago, he was 9,000. He was 78100 in the most recent game. Usually, in the 8,000 to mid $8,000 range. Yeah. He's had I wouldn't even say he's had too many sneakers. He had he had a couple games, in late December where he didn't top 30 fancy points, but 41 fantasy was 32. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. He was he wasn't at full strength. So 41 and 32 fancy points past 2 games. Yo. Still taking a ton of shots, 18 field goal attempts, 19 field goal attempts. 72100 for a player who's averaging essentially 40 points per game is unheard of. And even though I don't like the matchup, I I will be hard pressed to not have him in my final lineup. I think I think that can probably wrap things up for the, DFS segment, which means now it is time for Ken's old man rant. Argh. On Wednesday, the Indiana Pacers debuted New Jersey patches with QR codes on the ad shoulder. What? Can't people just watch the damn game? Does this mean I can't get a real menu at their stadium? Hand me a printed menu, damn it. I'm against anything that has people on their phones more. Cell phones are evil. No one interacts human to human anymore. I have no idea how young people get laid. Can I, can I get a potential old There's an app for that, Ken? Yeah. I say for sure. Can I get a potential old man rant? I need your I need your take on this, Ken. The the Orlando Magic retiring Shaquille O'Neal's number? I mean, how many ice Luke Warmoth. To pull up his career stats. I mean, he did get them to a final. He is got them to a final. No. But he did. They did. Look at and then he bailed for LA. Bail on. I mean He played 5 years there. It's a PR stunt. Right? The guy's been on TV now for 20 years after his retirement. Orlando needs some good news for the last 20 years. I say, sure. Why not? At worst, he's the 3rd most important player to ever put on a Magic jersey. I would argue he's the most important. The only other options are Dwight Howard and Tracy McGrady. That's it. You don't have anyone else that that falls into it. I think Shaq's what put them on the map, and I think he deserves it. I think he deserves it. Okay. Okay. I'm looking at the magic all time top 12 players in terms of win shares right now. Dwight Howard number 1, Nick Anderson number 2, Vooch number 3, Shaq number 4, followed by t Mac. And Shaq's for with only playing 5 seasons. That's insane. Have they retired Dwight Howard's number over there? I'd rather have Shaq than Dwight Howard. I don't think he's technically retired. Yeah. He's technically active. Right? I mean, he's destroying the time we league. In a different country. Now varying into topics that cannot be discussed on the clock. Thank you, everybody. Check. Okay. I didn't know. I wanted to maybe spark a second old man rant. Rare. Thank you everybody for joining us on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. It is presented by underdog fantasy. Can take us out of here. Let's go back to San Antonio. Do you hear Bucks coach Adrian Adrian Griffin gush about when be in Giannis after last night's matchup? Griffin said, quote, that was a fun game. That was a fun game to coach, a fun game to watch. 2 of the most unique, talented big men. I use that big man term loosely because they are very versatile players. Man, that was fun. I thought Wembley was great. I thought Giannis was phenomenal. I'm not sure Griffin's so happy if they blow that game, but cute cute to hear coach act like a fan was nice. Anyway, attention passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.