Welcome everybody to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by underdog fantasy and FanDuel. It's Friday, January 12, 2024. Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken K train. All aboard? Sorry to the user that said that Ken blew his ears out. You will need to get gear service. Even worse? You need to get Blow that whistle for every episode. That was worse. He needs 2 hearing aids now as opposed to just the one. Let's start things off. Sorry about this, Ken, but my Milwaukee Bucks beat the Boston and clearly a a a match that had no schedule implications, no game none of these teams none of these teams play a back to back the night before that went into overtime. Yeah. Alright. Did not have 2 days of rest advantage ahead of the Celtics, and the Celtics did not travel from Boston to Milwaukee. Exactly. Terrible. Yeah. But, hey, they were 5 to 1 in the second night of a back to back. I just I know they had been good in these. I thought they give them a challenge. They did not. You know, honestly, when Drew Holiday missed the first three pointer, I was like, oh, we're in trouble. Because I was all ready for Drew Holiday revenge game, and his first three three, like, our first shot of the game fell short. I was like, this is gonna be bad. And boom, it was my worst nightmare. But go ahead. Go ahead. Yes. Buck scored 25 straight, in the first half. They were up by 43 at 1 point. Celtics pulled the plug pretty early. A lot of Sam Hauser minutes. A lot of Peyton Pritchard. No starters after halftime. Yeah. They went to the bench after halftime. Yeah. Young has played well, but, you know, is there anybody you obviously less when you're gassed on a back to back than Giannis coming at 2 full feet? So, probably not. We also had the the Drew Holiday tribute video. Yeah. What'd you think of the video? I watched it. It it was it was nice. I mean, as far as tribute videos go, it but it just kinda makes you as a Bucks fan be like, man, it was awesome when we had Drew Holiday, wasn't it? Just kinda made you sad for what was. It's not it's not as fun as, like, a Brandon Jennings tribute video or like a, I don't know what Ryan Scalabrini. Yeah. Like a John a John Henson tribute video or something like that when he was on the Cavs. Yeah. I mean, I I don't know. Maybe it's maybe it's better to talk about can you know, they the the Celtics had a hard fought game against Minnesota the night before. That's probably more They really did. They really put it all into Tatum and Brown's hands for all the scoring. It's kinda what people expected more out of the seas versus the production they're getting out of d White, and others. But, it's an 82 game season. You know? Heck, we had guests over. It was an excuse to actually not watch an entire Celtics game. And so, I bailed at halftime as well and pretended to be a good host. I don't I don't think there's anything to read into it. It's a schedule loss. I yeah. I think there I think your guess would find a strong correlation between, Celtics blowouts and how good of a host you are. It's like, wow. Ken's being really nice lately. Oh, so it's down by 30. Not hiding in the basement with his glass of bourbon. Exactly. Well, in other news, the thunder completely, utterly destroyed the trailblazers in OKC. 139 to 77. How do you score only 77 points in today's NBA? I don't know. All 5 OKC starters had a point differential of plus 39 or better. Scoot Henderson, the trailblazers rookie, he shot 4 of 21. He had 3 turnovers and a point differential of minus 56. Minus 56. He did grab 6 boards. I'll give him that. Shannon, when do the Portland Trail Blazers trade 29 year old Jeremy Grant? You'd expect that to happen soon, and I'm I'm happy that I made it 4 minutes in complete silence to start this episode. I think that's a new record, a new personal best. Jeremy Grant and, also, Brogdon, you have to assume both of them are gonna be moved at some point this year. You know, last night's game for the blazers, they're 10 and 27. They're playing a hot OKC team who's even even though they're coming out OKC was playing the second half of back to back. It's not a surprise to see those results. You know, it last night was just a brutal slate, overall with all of the blowouts. But I you know, I'm not excited personally if I roster Jeremy Grant on a season long redraft team this year. I'm not excited for him to get moved. I think it's highly unlikely bench guy wherever he goes. Right? I mean, there's a good chance. I I think he'll be a starter, but he's not gonna be the number 2 scoring option on most nights for whatever team he goes to. He's going to be the 4th or 5th scoring option. He's going to revert back to Jeremy Grant. Okay, see days rather than what we've seen with Portland or Detroit in recent years. I mean, Grant has, I'd be my bath on this is not exact, but this appears to be a 120,000,000 guaranteed over the next 4 years. Hard contract to trade, even harder to trade for that guy and be like, you wanna see 20 minutes on the bench tonight, Jeremy? Let's Yeah. It's, yeah. You know the fan. I I think the Shannon's point though, the fantasy advice here is deal Grant before it gets to. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Next role is gonna be less important than his current role. Yeah. I mean, we've, I mean, I think almost everybody at RotoWire who's been writing NBA has been telling people sell high on Jeremy Grant, sell high on Malcolm Brogdon. I mean, your Brogdon window might may have closed, but you never know. You never know who's out there who loves Malcolm Brogdon. Now I do wanna get I wanna get some feedback from you guys on another Portland player and how to handle it. Shaden Sharp coming off the bench now. You've got Scoot Henderson in the starting lineup, and for Anthony Simmons or Simon, sorry, is healthy again and starting. How long I I think both of those 2 are gonna be locked in the starting lineup for the trail blazers for, you know, the next 4 or 5 years. How long until they go with a small lineup and get Shaden Sharp in there. I I really think they should be considering starting him at the 3. His fantasy value is taken a bit of a hit with him coming off the bench. Is there any chance this team goes smaller? Is he just gonna be delegated to the 6 man role for the foreseeable future? I think there is a chance they go small, but I would mostly just be like, if I wanted to get sharper, I had sharper my roster and I was thinking about, do I drop this guy? It depends on long. Your fantasy league goes into like March because this could just they could just be tanking again. Like, you know, late March comes around, they just sit all their bats and then Sharpe's playing 39 minutes a game and and seeing increased usage because the thing is even if they do go small, Sharpe is not that good as like when he's surrounded by a bunch of other starting caliber players. He's mostly just a score in those situations, which isn't amazing for fantasy other than points leagues, which, you know, can be good. Well, they're clearly looking at Tamani Kamara as kind of a 3 and d future guy defensive help because the other starters don't play good d there either. Right? So if you go all no defense, that could get ugly fast. I don't know. Sharp's pretty young still, boost his confidence against backups. Yeah. 65. Yeah. It's I mean, we we have so many of these situations in the NBA where it's like, well, when middle of March comes around, we have literally no idea what's going to happen. That includes with Shannon's pistons, to be honest. We had a day game yesterday in Perry. Cavs versus nets. Cavs went up 111 to 102. Cavs are up 20 at the half. I think Mitchell went the Domino Mitchell went for 45. It was usually a blowout. It's really messed up like fantasy lineups. Guys have 1 game weeks, the whole thing. It's just, it sucks for fantasy, but and they should've just sent Wenbinama out there. I don't know why. Yeah. Are the are people in Paris like, man, I really need to see Cam John Johnson and Cam Thomas and oh, man. Isaac and Coral. Finally, I've been waiting my whole life. I I assume they scheduled this before the NBA draft even occurred before they you know? But but Wembley was known must have scheduled it before the lottery. Right? Because yeah. You know you know how they do this thing now where, like, when the Celtics were in Indiana, they scheduled it to for them to play both their Indiana games Yeah. On that trip to minimize travel. It seems weird that if you're gonna commit to Paris, why not have 2 game 2 teams go and play 2 games there? Right? Like, one game in a week for each team just seems bizarro. It is weird. It is weird. We also had Max Strues. He hurt his right knee. Just deemed as soreness. Only played 7 minutes in that game. Obviously, he's got some time to rest since the the next game is Monday. I don't know. I mean, we've we've seen a lot of these Cavs and Nets teams are kind of interesting. We've seen the Nets. I'll talk about a guy in the Nets later, but we had, you know, Kim Thomas had a big game in the in this one, but their rotation is kind of all over the place. We also have the Cavs. It's like, streuze is hot. Now he's cold. It's, these teams are harder to predict predict than they should be. We're getting another microphone complaint in the comments, by the way. We need you to be I mean, look. I don't think the new microphone. This is the new improved microphone. Your microphone does not represent the level of influencer that you are, Ken. I think, we need to down. Yeah. Hey. Sports betting legal in Vermont, you should, you should place a bet, make some money, and then spend it on a new microphone. Reinvest. Reinvest into the production of the podcast. Okay. Before before we get to some other fan feedback, I do want to talk about underdog fantasy. Underdog fantasy, it is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the app today. Use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. That's rwnba. Alright. That sounded good. I'm I'm trying. Well, it's time for our fan feedback. We're gonna start with mister Muluk. I hope I'm not mispronouncing that. Your thoughts on Kennard and Tillman going forward rest of season for Memphis Grizzlies. We're gonna touch a little on that in our waiver wire segment. I I suggest some grizzlies. But, gentlemen, your thoughts on Kennard and Tillman. I mean, Kennard's he's just a specialist. He's a 3 points guy. I think he'll play decent minutes because, you know, he has to. Because the the grizzlies just have a ton of minutes out there. So if you need threes, if you're in a category league shirt, roster Kennard, see what happens. And Tillman, like, he's been so up and down, but they they got rid of Biambo. They waived them so they could sign Vince Williams. So, if you are, I think if you are a Tillman believer in any sense, pick him up and see what happens because he does have potential to get you some double doubles or close to most nights if he continues to play 28 to 30 minutes a game. Yeah. I I'm basically gonna just reiterate what what Alex said there. I mean, with Tillman, you've got Bismarck's gone, so they're gonna give Tillman a chance. Aldama is currently out. Brandon Clark's still out. Steven Adams out for the season. So, yeah, they they haven't liked what they've seen from Jaren Jackson at the 5. So I expect Tillman to get a little bit of a longer leash this time around and have a a at least stick in the starting lineup and try to prove his value, in the short term. With Kennard, he'll he'll probably be locked in as the starting shooting guard. Now he started 2 straight games with Marcus Smart, Derrick Rose, and and, of course, Ja Morant all out. I mean, I went this team's gonna get have to do something interesting in the backcourt. I wouldn't be surprised if they basically just have, you know, keep Vince Williams in the starting lineup at the 3 and and basically have Bane be the official point guard, with Kennard at the 2. But Kennard, his main value, we've seen it when he was with the Pistons, when he was with the Clippers. Memphis is 3 pointers. So outside of 3 pointers and some scoring, he's not gonna offer much. And then, one more question from Free Key. It's a little lengthy in the comments. I'm not gonna show it, but basically wants to know the the center situation in Chicago with Vucevic back and Drummond. What are your thoughts on Drummond and Vucevic? I mean, it seems like Vuce is back. He played 40 minutes and started the other night against Houston, went for 18, 15, and 3. Drumming didn't like, 6 or some minutes. Right? I don't even know if drumming had a rebound in that game. Yeah. Yeah. 0 boards in 12 minutes. I mean 12. Okay. Part of me wants to say, if you don't if there's nobody on the waiver wire that you'd love, you can hang on to Drummond because who knows? I mean, Vuchevich was a groin injury. He's old. He could pull it again. You just never know. But, I think if you're asking me, like, is it over in theory? I think it is over for Drummond. Drummond averaged basically 6 points and 6 point 6.2.6.8 rebounds per game, coming off the bench prior to Vucevic's in injury. So if Vuce is healthy, I just don't think there's many leagues where that's gonna hold value. Maybe 14 deep deep 14 team leagues, where Drummond's playing 14 minutes and is 6 and 6 or 7 and 7. But I wouldn't expect more than that. So if that doesn't hold water in your league, then cut them loose. Yeah. Okay. If is that all for fan feedback, Ken? Yes, sir. Let's go to the waiver wire. As always with the waiver wire section of this podcast, we each suggest 2 regular picks and one long shot, regular picks, rostering, and 50% or fewer of standard of just fantasy leagues, but usually Yahoo, and one long shot, 25% or fewer of leagues. I actually have almost 3 long shot, today. But I'll I'll touch on that. We should note for games this upcoming week. Milwaukee and Sacramento with only 2 games. So be careful picking guys up from those squads. And also, if you're streaming guys from those squads, get rid of them. Have team. Go ahead. Sorry. No. I mean, I was just, I was gonna say what you were going to say. Half the teams have 4 games. So decent streaming opportunities this week for sure is a lot of guys. I'm gonna kick things off. Mo Wagner, the Orlando Magic, 29% rostered. His brother, Franz, has missed the past 3 games. He will also be out Friday. Franz will good chance. He's being out of him being out Saturday as well. He was ruled out basically a day in advance of Friday, the back to back again. Don't be surprised. Past 3 games for Moe, 18 points on 12 shots, 9 boards, 2 assists, 2 steals in 31 minutes. Magic at 4 games next week. Great streaming opportunity. Better pick up if you are in a daily lineups league, daily transactions league because we don't know about France for next week. So, keep that in mind when picking up, Moe if you are in a, like, Sunday waiver league like a a lot of us are. Yeah. Moe's been doing well. They they don't seem to really wanna give monster minutes to Goga, unfortunately. I wish. Yeah. But But speaking of dreams coming true though, guess who's back, gentlemen? The cockroach, TJ McConnell of your Indiana Pacers. He is rostered in 54% of leagues. People have been scooping them up the last few days. He's our cover guy for this week's video. Pacers have 4 games next week, but more importantly, unfortunately, Tyrese Halliburton is out for at least 2 weeks. And, you know, they're starting Andrew Nebhard, but he's not the guy. The cockroach is the better point guard, and this fast paced offense needs a real, floor general. Look, McConnell, per 36 this season, is averaging a double double. 18 points over 11 and a half assists over 6 rebounds, and this is huge. 2.3 steals per 36 minutes. McConnell's always been a great steel guy. You know, at 31 years of age, he still has lots of gas in the tank. Would I wanna start him all year? No. But he's I think he's gonna be awesome these 2 weeks. Pacers have 4 games. He's a dream streamer this week. McConnell? Oh, Ken, if you're or if Shannon, if you're trying to talk, you're muted. Great suggestion, Ken. We all know how much you love the cockroach, and he is fun to watch play. So I'm I'm excited to see what he can do for the Pacers. Can't do them. Nope. Can't do them. He's always always gonna come back. My my first waiver wire suggestion of the week is a big man out in Portland, Du Op Reef. We've talked about him a few weeks ago, but he he's back kind of up on the upswing. He's played 4 straight games, started 4 straight games for the Portland Trail Blazers at center. Over those 4 games, he has averaged 28 minutes, 11 and a half points, 8.3 rebounds, and 1 block, shooting 49% from the floor. Only 57% from the line, which which is tough to manage, but that's that's on less than 2 attempts per game. And surprisingly, I don't think many have noticed this. He he also averages 1.1a half, 3 pointers per game over that stretch. So he is chucking from downtown. He is a stretch 5, 611, £250. Duwop Reefs widely available, rostered in 28% of leagues. And we don't know what's going on with Deandre Ayton right now. You know, he is he has missed double digit games in a row. There doesn't appear to be, a a, you know, any update about him practicing or or nearing a return. So right now, I think Du Opry is a good streaming option if you need big man stats. And already nothing for Aiden to play for. No reason to rush him back. Alex, do you have any insights on the Deandre Ayton injury? He probably got fouled, and then that's it. That's all it takes for Ayton to to be down for a long time is, being fouled once. No. As, I I hammered the doo wop wreath under last night, but I do I do like, I do like that suggestion, Shannon. He is he's averaging a fancy point per minute. So if he's starting and averaging a fancy point per minute, he's rosterable and almost I fantasy league. I do have an update on Aton actually. Overnight, there was news. He might return for Friday's game against Minnesota. So keep that in mind, and I will have I have a special recommendation. I have a replacement for Duarte Rif since we can't we can't suggest him in good faith knowing that that Ayton might not might come back. I'm gonna go with Cam Whitmore. He's a long shot, but I don't care. I I want him on my roster right now. Cam Whitmore, is coming off a game where he played 33 minutes off the bench, 16 points, 5 rebounds, 1 assist, 2 steals. He can hit threes. He can get big defensive stats. Right now, Dillon Brooks is week to week. Ethan is week to week. This team is starting Jayson Tate at the small forward position. Jayson Tate is miserable. He is he cannot help with the fancy on the fancy side. I expect possibly as soon as the Rockets game, the next game that Whitmore gets more minutes or even starts. So I would proactively scoop him up and stash him hoping that he does see 25 plus minutes in in in the near future. Kinda to close this closet door. Apologies to anybody who heard that scraping. It's kind of a memento situation. There was actually a guy in there. It was crazy. No. Whitmore is, Whitmore is a great fantasy pickup right now. I mean, you Shannon, you mentioned it. Easton and Brooks are out, so Whitmore is getting more minutes. But 26% usage rate for Whitmore, 1.1 fantasy points per minute. Obviously, a guy who slipped in the draft to to 20th but has more talent than that. Someone who even if you're in a 12 team league, I think you gotta look. Let's move on. I'm gonna move on to my second Fantasy pickup, which is technically a long shot. Chris Dunn of the Utah Jazz, who's only 11% rostered. Don't look now, folks. The Jazz are 12 and 4 since December 13th. One of the hottest teams in the NBA right now. Past 11 games for Dunn. Pretty big sample. These are all starts. Five points on 5 shots. Yes. This is horrible. He is destroying your field goal percentage, but 6 and a half assists, 3.9 rebounds, 1.5 steals, 1.0 blocks, in those starts, and only 1.1 turnovers if you play in 9 cat leagues. Jazz have 4 games next week. They're running hot. Dunn is playing well. This is a great situation to get potentially you know, you could you could get I don't know. But, you know, 24 assists and, you know, who even knows, man? Like, 12 combined steals and blocks into your lineup this week with Don. Truth. They're giving them major minutes. Ken, take us to Memphis. Yeah. We talked earlier in the show. A lot of injuries in Memphis. I'm going with newly signed Vince William junior, the rookie wing for the Memphis Grizzlies. 6 foot 6, 2nd round pick. Look. Marcus Smart is out for at least 6 weeks. We know Jaw is out for the season. He started and played 30 minutes in that Wednesday blowout surprise win at Dallas. Memphis just gave him a 3 year contract to bump him off his two way deal, and they cut Bismak Bayambo to make room for mister Williams. In 8 starts, he's averaged, 6.6 points, 7.4 rebounds, 1.3 steals, half a block, and over 1 and a half triples. So some unusual stat production. But I think they're committed to Williams, and he's gonna start for a while, because, they're playing the youngsters, and they realize with Ja out, might as well develop, guys. And I think they see, Vince Williams is, a diamond in the rough. Well, when we mentioned it earlier, they dropped they waived. I keep saying drop like it's a fantasy team. They waived Bismak, Biambo, so they could sign Vince Williams to a 3 year deal. So that tells you how much they, they believe in him. He's a fairly, low usage player, but at the same time, very good rebounder, can pass pretty well. Good IQ on the floor knows how to move the ball solid defensive numbers as well. So if especially if you're going to like a punt points situation like certainly grab Williams because he could be playing 30 plus minutes for the foreseeable future. Shannon, take us to your next waiver wire claim. Go. I'm going to Golden State. Yeah. We've discussed this rookie already this season, but Trace Jackson Davis, rookie big man for the Golden State Warriors. He's been in and out of the starting lineup, somewhat inconsistent, but it's hard to argue with the results over the past week. He is a top 40 fantasy player. Mhmm. He has rostered about 35% of leagues. In those 3 games of the past week, 24 minutes, one start, 2 games coming off the bench, 15.3 points, 8.3 rebounds, 1.7 blocks, and he's shooting a whopping 88% from the floor. You know, it's gonna get murky. We don't know from game to game whether he's gonna be in the starting lineup. Some games he'll start and then not start the second half or not start the first half, start the second half. Draymond Green is returning soon. That's gonna murk that that's gonna make things even murkier. But I love the talent here. I love the production. And I think there's I think he's gonna stick in the warriors front court rotation moving forward, get those 20 to 25 minutes. And even with that, like I said, over the past week, he's still a top 40 fantasy player while playing 24 minutes per game. I do think we're gonna see Kevin Looney kind of be phased out of this out of the rotation once Draymond returns, but we'll see. I I'm holding or stashing TjD if he's available in a 12 or 14 team league. Your Looney take is interesting. I I I have TJD in a lot of leagues. Worried about Green's return. But you think they're gonna phase out Looney? Who else? It's gotta be Looney. Yeah. I mean, I, I mean, they could do Wiggins, but, that that would that would mess up their floor spacing so badly. It might be an issue. But yeah. I mean, look, yeah. It's it's tough to say because Kerr is so, he he's I think he might be in love with come on loony, to be honest. He just like won't stop playing him. But the thing is, t j d like gives them the athleticism that they're lacking at center. Great for for lobs, can block shots at the rim a lot better. So it's an interesting situation to monitor and, you know, the like Shannon said, t j d has been so good and the and the warriors have been so middling that why not give the the young kid a shot, right? Okay. My next pick, which is also technically a long shot pick Dennis Smith jr. Of the Brooklyn Nets, 19% rostered Nets with 4 games. So certainly a streaming option even in shallower like, 12 team leagues, past 10 games for Johnny Smith junior 7.9 points, 5.2 assists, 3.7 rebounds, 1.1 steals in 22 minutes. Kind of stealing some minutes from Spencer Dinwiddie here and there. The minutes could fluctuate, but he is a solid source of assistance deals. Again, other than I just mentioned Don, but how many guys are really on the waiver wire that you can grab and they might give you I mean, they should give you about 20 assists and 4 steals. Just not a lot of those guys out there, and Smith is, has been one of those guys. We saw it last year with Charlotte. He played well when he started Mhmm. When the mellow was out. So I think he can continue to, to make an impact to the rotation. Ken, who is your next pickup? For my long shot, I'm going with Xavier Tillman senior of the Memphis Grizzlies, also mentioned earlier in the show. I know he looks 50 years old, but he's only 25 out of Michigan State. And as we said, Memphis cut Bismarck Bayambo when they signed two way guy Vince Williams. So that means Tillman is really the only true center on this roster because remember, Steven Adams is out for the year. One caveat, he is a terrible free throw shooter, but he only takes 1 attempt per game. So it really shouldn't affect you. Per 36, Tillman over 10 points, almost 9 rebounds, and 1.7 blocks per game. Memphis is with only 3 games next week. Not ideal, but, I feel like I'm in a lot of leagues where I'm perpetually hunting for a backup, 3rd center, if you will. And I think Tillman's gonna fill that role nicely for the rest of the year. Again, he is the only true center on this Memphis roster. Yeah. We talked about him a bit earlier. Has been weirdly unreliable, but he was hurt. And then they brought in Biambo and but now Biambo's gone. So I think, I think we can start to trust Tillman, a little bit again who has proven throughout his career. Like, if you give him the 30 minutes, he can get you, you know, 12 and 8 every single night with a with a block, maybe a block and a half thrown in. Okay. Shannon, do you have one more for us? Yes. My long shot of the week, Sam Merrill for the Cleveland Cavaliers. He's already had some games. DFS players are definitely familiar with him. He's had some big games, coming off the bench and spot starts. Max Drews left Thursday's game early, after playing just 7 minutes. And as a result, Sam Merrill saw a lot of extra playing time. He he ended up with 32 minutes, just 6 points, 9 rebounds, 1 assist, 1 steal. He was only 2 for 12 from the floor, 2 for 11 from downtown, but that kinda shows you what volume we're talking about. I mean, Sam Merrill, previous previous 3 games had 9, 9, and 9, 3 point attempts as well. He is firing from downtown. So he's a guy kinda like Luke Kennard. If you need 3 pointers, we're not sure the extent of Max Struss' injury yet. So keep an eye on that. But I would say, you know, as a if you wanna just kind of pick up a 3 point streamer right now, Merrill should see or could see extra minutes in the short term. Darius Garland, of course, is also still out for the Cavs. So I like Merrill as a short term plug in for for any 3 point help. Yep. Pretty much he was drafted by the Bucks, former Buck. I've seen him play a decent amount. They just let him go because he ironically, because he wasn't doing anything but drilling threes for Milwaukee. So if that's what you need on your fantasy team and he's getting minutes, pick them up. Okay. That concludes our waiver wire section. Lot of lot of long shots this week. A lot of long shots. Maybe it's time for me to talk about our friends from FanDuel. Tackle millions and prizes all playoffs long in FanDuel fantasy contests. If you're new to fantasy, there's no better time to get in the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match up up match. Sorry. 100% deposit match up to $100. Playing fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. Gentlemen, do you have any favorites for the NFL weekend, in DFS FanDuel? Yeah. For for me, I mean, the first game I'm gonna be looking at for FanDuel is Atlanta, Indiana, crazy over under 251a half. You've got ton of ton of exciting options on both sides even with Halliburton out. Dejounte Murray, Trae Young, Jalen Johnson has just been crushing it for Atlanta. I expect him to have another big game tonight. And then for Indiana with Halbert out, you've got we've talked about it. TJ McConnell. He's a great streaming option, and he's also a great DFS player for tonight. So I'm trying to get any of those guys into my lineup. Plus on FanDuel, you can choose from full slate contests featuring multiple games, single game contests, season long best ball contests, beginner only contests, which are great for learning the ropes, and more. And when you win, you get paid instantly. So kick off the foot, football playoffs with a 100% deposit match up to $100. Go for FanDuel dot com to start playing for huge cash prizes today. Let's talk about Friday's daily fantasy slate. 10 games today, on the NBA. Highest over under Indiana and Atlanta, who could have guessed that this over under would be 250, 252 and a half, actually. As always, for injury news and lineup notes, you can visit rotorwire.com. And also the daily line of spades specifically, which is which is awesome. Shannon, you mentioned it. You are looking at this Atlanta Indiana game. Again, a high total. It's hard to say, you know, how much Indiana is going to be able to keep up offensively without Halliburton, but obviously that opens up value for McConnell and them hard. And then they're going to be just as bad defensively. So I think a lot of people are going to fill in not just the stars from this lineup, but probably role players from this game to, just to take advantage of the over under. Yeah. Absolutely. And and right now, I mean, on FanDuel, I think some of the role players are better priced on FanDuel. Where on DraftKings, you got some of the the star options like Jalen Johnson. He he's 72100 on DraftKings, 79 on FanDuel. I like him at either price for for either platform, but obviously like him quite a bit more at the 72100 that he is at on DraftKings. Dejounte Murray is another guy. He's 72100, on DraftKings. That's hard for me to avoid. Meanwhile, it was 82100 on the on FanDuel. That's a little bit tougher. I I think he's he's I wanna watch and see is Trae Young gonna play. He is listed as probable with the shoulder injury. Obviously, Murray gets a a a significant boost if Young's out. We also have your Pistons on the slate, Jim, and they're going up against the Rockets. Pistons are 7 and a half point dogs at home. Looks like Isaiah Stewart's back. Bogdan Bogdanovic also listed on the injury report as probable. They got smoked by the Spurs the other night, game that I absolutely love the Spurs, and I couldn't believe the Sprague was only 3 and a half. Is there I mean, can you give us any insights about what is going on with the Pistons without Cade Cunningham? I mean, it's it's nothing too exciting to watch, you know, the the Jaden Ivy is getting more of an opportunity to lead the offense. Killing Hayes is back in the starting lineup, but it's it's a miserable even more miserable experience than normal. But but good news, just as fans. Isaiah Stewart, beef stew is expected to return for Friday night's slate. That that actually causes quite the disruption in your DFS planning because I've watched 90% of the Pistons games this year, and I have no clue what Monty is going to do with the starting lineup. The assumption is he takes livers out and plugs Isaiah Stewart back in. But we'll see. He could go completely through, you know, take a total curveball and do some new starting lineup combination that he hasn't used yet, this year. I am not big on, plugging in Isaiah Stewart. He's 51100 on FanDuel. I don't think he's much of a DFS option. Really, out on the Piston side of that contest, I don't like much outside of Killian Hayes. He's he's at 6,000. If for some reason, a star a star Thompson, does get, plugged into the starting lineup, which is very, very, very unlikely. He is only 36100 on DraftKings and would be a very interesting play. But, since we don't know if he's gonna play 8 minutes or 18 or 28, it it's tough to put much faith in Asar providing a fantasy a productive fantasy line for tonight. But on the rocket side, I really, really like the rocket side for tonight's slate. The the biggest question mark is going to be, will it, you know, is it gonna be a blowout? But you've got Fred Van Fleet is 79100 on DraftKings. There are very few players averaging 40 fantasy points per game that are are under $8,000. He might be the only one. And he's also coming off back to back 50 plus point fancy point outings. I'm gonna be it's gonna be tough for me to remove, Fred Van Fleet from my starting lineup. And then Cam Whitmore, who I mentioned earlier, he's a bit too expensive, for my taste on FanDuel, about 49100, 43100 on DraftKings. So and and like I said, I expect Whitmore to play more, if not, get a starting nod tonight. I kinda like Jabari Smith in that game too. Played at least 40 minutes in 2 of the past 3 games. Might, might be checked by Isaiah Stewart tonight. So that's, provides good opportunity. And, we have Sacramento Philly. And beat is out. I think this is a solid sub bonus spot. If you're Paul Reed guy, go for it. Tobias Harrison, a solid spot as well. Maxi, we kind of know the story there. I will say someone I am fading on tonight's slate. Steph Curry. I'm out. Give me the under 27 and a half. I'm out. I took the under on him. He scored 15 points the other day against the Pelicans. Bulls are one of the best teams in the NBA and guarding point guards, especially point guards who are running pick and roll Steph Curry's running more pick and rolling ever with Chris Paul out. What person in the NBA? Do you need to focus on one guy right now to stop more to just shut down an entire team completely than than Steph Curry and the Warriors. So I am I am just out on Steph Curry in this game. Bulls are actually favored by 3 at home. And that's all the Bulls also pretty slow place of play. So they'll be for possessions. Right? So you got it. And where else are you turning tonight, Shannon? Yeah. I mean, on that Golden State Chicago side, I actually I like Zach LaVine quite a bit. 74100 on DraftKings. His minutes limit has been uncapped. So he played 41 minutes against the Rockets, had 61 fantasy points. He's still at a decent, pretty affordable salary for tonight's slate. And then the last mention, the the x man, Tillman, we've discussed him multiple times. He's 52 100 on DraftKings, and I expect him to play, you know, 28 plus minutes, and get that. Yep. Yep. Starting big man. So I I he's he's hard to avoid at 52100. We also have Orlando Miami matchup. Tyler Hero questionable for that one. So that could be a source of value depending on what happens there. Portland, Minnesota. Look, man. God bless you if you if you play any buggy from this game. Minnesota is 15 and a half point favorites at home after Portland just got blown up by 60, and they're on the 2nd night with back to back. This could be a this could be a place where you just grab somebody off, like, the benches of these teams if you, you know, if you have $4,000 left over and you're not like, you know what? This could be a blowout. Let's grab someone off the bench here. Charlotte, San Antonio. We have LaMelo Ball questionable, so keep an eye on that. We also have Kayla Martin, PJ Washington, and I I suppose Frank Nalukino is also questionable for this game. I think this could be a decent spot for Wenbinava. Anything from those games or the other 3 that we haven't discussed yet, Shannon catching your eye? Well, not from those 3 games specifically. You'd mentioned the Philly game earlier. I do like the Philly side with him beat out. You know? Tobias Harris is coming off a gigantic game. He had 54 fancy points. He had he had a 50 point outing earlier this year while while in beat set as well. So at 72100, he's one of those guys. I really think there are a lot of guys in that $7,000 range who can pop off for 50 Fantasy points tonight, and Tobias Harris is one of them. I think, I think that is time then for us to move on to Ken's old man rant. Argh. Bravo, Tristan Thompson of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Mick Claxton thinks he's all that with an alley oop dunk despite the Nets still being down 10 points and generally getting whooped all game by the Cavs over there in Perry. So Thompson, after, Claxton kinda obnoxiously celebrates his dunk, Thompson walks straight into Claxton on his way to the Cavs bench, which was delicious. This somehow knocked Claxton down. There was no punch. There was no shove. Thompson just walked into him with £254 of old school NBA. I hate it when players kiss and hug postgame. They're supposed to hate each other. In the nineties, the Bulls and Pistons tried to kill each other. There was a coke fueled brawl every week in the eighties. It was glorious. Bring back the NBA brawls. Argh. Thought you're gonna say bring back cocaine to the NBA. I think we, we avoided any mispronounced names in this podcast today. There were a lot of Smiths and Dunn's and Williams and Tillman's. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Makes things makes things a bit easier. That does it, everybody, for our RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Thank you to our fans and the sponsors, underdog fantasy and FanDuel. Ken, take us out here with a quote. Yeah. Let's go to Los Angeles where Raptors coach, Darko Rajakovich, reached, That's there it goes. There it goes the mispronounced names. I I I way too early. It's not Rajakovich? I think it's Rajakovich, isn't it? Rogakovic. Oh, sorry. Anyway, Darko Rogakovic reacted Tuesday night. The new coach of the Raptors reacted Tuesday night to the Lakers getting 23 free throws in the Q4 when the Raptors got just 2. It's outrageous. We what happened tonight? This is completely BS. This is shame. Shame for the referees. Shame for the league to allow this. 23 free throws for them, and we get 2 free throws in the Q4. Like, how to play the game? I understand respect for all stars and all that, but we have star players on our team as well. How is it possible that Scotty Barnes, who is all star caliber player in this league, he goes every single time to the rim with force and trying to get the rim without flopping and not trying to get fouls. He gets 2 free throws for a whole game. How is that possible? How are you going to explain that to me? That is a direct quote, by the way. Those are the exact words he used. I tried to do his accent. I probably didn't do it justice. Little bit too little bit too much Adolf in that accent. NBA fined Darko 25,000 for this. ESPN has the clip online if you don't believe my accent. Yeah. I I I did I did it justice, I think. But, anyway, bravo Darko, you are a 1000% correct. Charles Barkley said a 100% correct. Love the quote, and I agree with him a a 1000%. Love it, Darko. Attention, passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line. Alright. New microphone next week.