Welcome to the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. It's presented by us, RotoWire. Our sponsors have officially had enough of Ken and Shannon. They are off the podcast forever. All of our sponsors have been dropped. This is now an independent podcast. If you like this podcast, head over to rotawire.com/pod. You can see at the bottom of the screen if you're watching on video, for a free look behind our paywall, you get, like, a 7 day trial, I think, of our premium features. You're watching on YouTube. Don't forget to give us a thumbs up. If you like the pod, subscribe wherever it is that you listen. It is February 22, 2024 today. We're coming off of our first slate of games following the all star break, and I'm joined by Kieran Sprecher, for the first time making his podcast debut. He is one of our NBA editors, which is doesn't mean anything to anybody, because they don't know what you do. But I will say this. If you've read a single NBA news update on rotor wire in the past 2 years, it's like a 1 in 5 chance Kieran wrote it. You have I I don't know if you know this. So if you can if where you can find this on the NBA, on our rotor wire internal database. You have 11,700 MBA notes to your name, which is the 6th most in company history. And you're doing a lot more behind the scenes than that, so I'm happy to have him on the podcast today. How are you doing, Kieran? I'm doing great. Thanks, Alex. That was a great introduction. I I used to be more aware of, the number of notes I had written earlier in my career, and now that I'm an editor, I I check it, like, once a year. But I think I'm still, like, 5th like, I I need, like, 10,000 more to even crack, like, the top 5. So that 6 plus is gonna be there for a long time. But, you know, hope you know, couple more years, and I'll I'll I'll get to that 20,000 mark. Yeah. I'm I'm right behind Nick. I think I need, like, a 100 to pass Nick. I really have to I should just make, like, a end of the year effort just to just to get ahead of him. But this, this is a this got me down a rabbit hole the other day when I was looking this up. Between Nick Nick Whalen, who people who listen to the spot know who that is, Kieran, me, and Jason Przybylski, one of our other NBA editors. The 4 of us have written more than 15% of RotoWire's NBA notes since the dawn of mankind, not just this year, but but since the company was founded in 1997. We are responsible for 15% of the notes written, which is crazy. I I can't even, believe that. But I wanna jump in. This I promise everybody who listens to the pod, this will be the last time that we talk about all star festivities. I feel like you get, like, a weak buffer, and then it's over. So I have 3 questions for you, Kerian. 1, do you like all star weekend? Because apparently, this is a controversial topic. Some people just hate it. 2, did you like this all star weekend? And 3, is there anything if you did not like all star weekend, maybe even if you did, is there anything you would change about all star weekend? I do like the all star weekend. I it's not my favorite event. I always tune in for at least some of the events, rising stars challenge, 3 point contest. I always give the dunk contest at least a little bit of a chance and see where it goes. The all star game itself, it's always fun to watch for a first the first few quarters. Watching guys chuck from deep, Damian Lillard hitting half court shots, that's always fun to watch. But then when it starts to get in into 20 point game and there's gonna be no competition at the end, I kinda tune out. So I do like it. I did like this one. I didn't necessarily like the all star game itself that much this year. I tuned out halfway through the Q3 when the league got big. I really enjoyed Sabrina versus Steph. I hope they do more of that. Yeah. I really like the rising all stars or the the rising stars, format. That was super fun. Matherin and Ivy going at each other. And getting all of those young players, like, incorporated and playing on a stage like that's really fun. You know, you see Matherin, like, really shine in that moment. There was a funny bit with, Halliburton and Miles Turner and Matherin. They won the the, skills competition or whatever as a team, and Halliburton's like, you know, team we're a good team. We're, like, we're the Pacers. This was fun in in Indiana to win this thing, it was the highlight of my week. He's like, I'm not sure about Benedict because, obviously, he got the MVP of the Rides and Stars, and that was more of an individual thing. So I like that. Matherin getting to show his, his star power if he ever gets a chance to do that. If there was one thing I would change, I think I think the 3 point contest is the the, like, the golden nugget of the weekend. Right? And that should be the final thing. Like, it should come after the dunk contest. Like, I feel like the 3 point contest happened, Sabrina versus Steph, and then the dunk contest, and then all of the air got let out of the balloon. So that's, like, one minor tweak. But, overall, I'm not, like, that big of a cynic. I do understand why people, like, tune out of the all star game. I I feel like a lot of the the hatred towards it comes from betters, sadly, who are like, I'm gonna bet on the all star game, you know, and then they're watching, like, what's happening? This is terrible. So, like, you know, don't bet on the all star game maybe. But Nick Nick Nick was talking to me about he bet the all star game, and he was like, I'm never doing this again. But he bet I forget. I think he hit a couple on threes overs. I'm like, that's the move. If you're gonna bet the all star game, back on everybody to go over their 3 pointers because everyone just gets up to half court and just chucks it. But I I agree with you on the 3 point contest. I mean, I love the dunk contest. Dunk contest is my favorite event. It always has been. I love the creativity. It's a lot of fun. It's worth all the bad dunks to get, like, one dunk you've never seen before. But, yeah. I agree with you. I think it's actually it might serve Becker as a warm up to the 3 point contest. I do I I agree with your take about the rising stars. Rising stars has become almost more fun than the all star game. But, yeah, I remember last year last year when I was watching the all star game, I was sitting on my couch, and I just found myself, like, scrolling my phone for most of the game, not even, like, that engaged. This year, I, I checked the highlights. So, yeah, as on the NBA app as it was happening. So, yeah, it was it was fine. But let's get into some real NBA news. We have, unfortunate news for everybody who has been rostering Anya Okangwu waiting for a breakout all season. Not only did Clint Capela not get traded, we have a Kongwu out for the, quote, foreseeable future now. I guess my question is, do you think we're basically just going to get a variation of what we saw when Clint Capela was out? Because Capela was out before the all star break. We saw some more Bruno Fernando for, like, 10 to 18 minutes. Kong Wu was playing 30 minutes, and then Jalen Johnson will get some minutes at small ball 5. Do Do you think the same thing is basically going to happen with Okongo while Capela plays more? I guess my follow-up to that in a way is, like, can can Capela even handle 30 minutes a game at this point for the rest of the season? Yeah. We've been waiting for the Congo breakout for years, it feels like, but it hasn't come quite yet. He was budding, but it's it's sad to see him go down. For what the Hawks rotation is gonna look like, I think, obviously, it's safe to expect more of the same. I do think that, Deandre Hunter's presence will be a big factor here. He was he was also out when Capella was or, when Okongo was out earlier in the season. So if you can run out or run out Jalen Johnson at the small ball 5 more often, and then you have Hunter and Bay at the 2 forward spots, That's a a still small lineup, but I feel like that gives them a lot of, size in the front court at least to, like, combat that. And, plus, I feel like that's just, like, the highest upside, front court that they can throw out there. So I would personally like to see that. I'm not saying that that's what's gonna happen or that's what I'm predicting what's gonna happen. It's a safe bet to assume Fernando's gonna get that 15 minutes per game sort of deal. I would like to see him more closer to 10 with Bay and Hunter and Johnson all 30 plus. But well, I that would be the most advantageous for Fantasy managers, obviously, because Bay and Hunter and Johnson are all rostered in a lot of leagues. So I that's what I would hope and, like, expect out of Atlanta. But, realistically, we're probably gonna see a lot of Fernando, which produces the fantasy value of all of those guys I mentioned. Yeah. Fernando might be worth adding if you're in, like, a super deep league. I'll have to double check on on Atlanta's schedule to see if they have I'm pulling it up right now. They only have 3 games, this next week. So it's not like a great streaming opportunity. Deandre Hunter, you mentioned having good had good back to back games, 20 points in back to back, only played 28 minutes in each. So, yeah, this may be a situation where it's just it's just bad for everybody. Like, it's just bad for a kung woo. If you're rostering him, I guess it's good if you have Capella. But, speaking of big men, Isaiah Stewart suspended 3 games due, due to an altercation with Drew Eubanks that he had. I think it was in the parking lot. I I don't exactly remember. They dropped the they dropped the charges, but the league still suspended. I had suspended Stewart for 3 games. Pistons did not play yesterday, so that is upcoming. Stewart hasn't played since January 28th, has not played in February, so this is mostly just, like, annoying if you're rostering him. But I it's a good chance to talk about the Pistons because he will return eventually very soon. And so how do you think his presence when he comes back into the rotation is going to affect how the Pistons look post deadline? Totally. Real quick, my little conspiracy theory is maybe Isaiah Stewart would have missed even more games with this ankle injury, and they just kind of boosted him to questionable and kinda nudged the NBA to be like, hey. He's gonna be playing soon, so you might wanna suspend him. So they're they might just totally get away with him still being injured and then having to serve the suspension. I have I have no sources on that. That's that's totally conspiracies theory. You know, Isaiah Stewart's a solid player. Him moving to the 4 with Jalen Duran there, has opened up more 3 point opportunities, but then has reduced his blocks. So he's still kinda, like, stagnant as a fantasy, option. As for how the rotation will look, don't get me started on Monty Williams, man. I I had a lot of faith in him turning around Detroit. I wanted to I gave him a lot of credit for what happened in Phoenix, and then, you know, we won't get into all of that. And I I still had high hopes for him. This season has been of huge disappointment all across the board. He recently said I'm I'm done with prioritizing development, and we're gonna win now. And then in the first game following the all star break, he benched Cade Cunningham in the Q1, and they proceeded to go down by 30. If if you're trying to win now, you gotta play your best players, man. And then Cade comes back in the second half, and they make it kind of respectable or whatever. And I get he's trying to make a point. Like, we're gonna win now. I'm benching my best player at every but then you're bringing in Marcus I like Marcus Sasser too. But, like, you're bringing in these guys off the bench and it's just not it it's not Cade Cunningham. I'm not saying he's an MVP candidate or anything, but he's your best player, and he's gonna give you the best chance to win games. And he showed that when he got an opportunity. So Money Williams say like, whatever he says to the media, you can't take it. You gotta take it with a grain of salt. Fontecchio has been playing really well at the 4. Obviously, he's probably the one that moves to the bench when Stewart comes back. Then you also they also added guys like Fournier at the deadline that will that add shooting that they haven't had. I think Thompson still gets, like, I don't I don't think he gets pushed out of the rotation completely when Stewart comes back. He's been playing really well. And as Monty Williams says, we're not we're not going for development anymore. We probably should be at this point, so I'm not really sure what any of that means. I would just probably stay away from all Pistons outside of Cunningham, Ivy, and Durham. Those guys are pretty solid right now. You can trust them. Outside of that, yikes. It it it's gonna be ugly. Stewart coming back probably has the biggest impact on Fontecchio, who was probably being picked up in deeper leagues around this point of the season because of his 3 point shooting and his the minutes that he's played since being traded there. But Yeah. Fontecchio is a good streamer. Good streamer for a lot of the season. Yeah. I was I was looking through their their recent rotation. Clearly, they are trying to win because they're playing veteran Evan Fournier, a proven winner. So I think, you know, I think when Stewart comes back, yes, Fontecchio could move to the bench. But if you look at their, you know, if you look at their average the team's average minutes over the past, like, let's just say 3 games, basically. You know, you got, again, like, 18 to 20 minutes for Fournier sitting there. Shaikh Milton's been playing, like, 10 to 15 minutes. Troy Brown's been getting minutes. Muscala. It's like, I think these guys can all just get their minutes cut. Stewart can come in for 30 minutes, and all the guys that we want to play will play for the most part. But, yeah, make sure if you if you're rostering anybody from the Pistons, just to keep an eye on what happens when, Isaiah Stewart does come back. Before we move on to our next news item, I do wanna say thank you for all the questions in the chat, everybody. We will get to those in about 5, 10 minutes. We'll do a quick, questions. We'll hit questions, and then we'll go to waiver wire after that. We also got some more news, from the Memphis Grizzlies, their MASH unit. Desmond Bane likely out until mid to late March is the latest update, And then Marcus Smart will be reevaluated in 3 weeks, that being March 27th. I respect that Bain really wants to come back. He shouldn't. He should not come back. It doesn't make any sense. I think the only argument because you don't wanna get him hurt for next year. Right? I mean, forget this year, but just like they're gonna be competitive next year. Don't get him hurt for next year. I think the only argument for for, like, wanting to bring Bane back is Memphis might be basically locked into their draft spot where the potential win loss change of Bane playing versus not, I don't think it matters that much because they have so right now, they have 20 wins, the grizzlies do. Toronto also has 20 wins. They're tied for the 6th worst record with Memphis. But they owe Toronto owes their pick to the spurs if it's 7 or farther out, which I could not believe they gave up this 1 to 6 protected pick for Jakob Poeltl. Insane. But then way below Memphis is Portland with 15 wins. You're not getting there. Charlotte is 14. You're not you're not reaching Portland or Charlotte with 15 wins. Like, those guys are gonna out lose you the rest of the way. Brooklyn has 21 wins, but they owe their pick to Houston. So they have no getting second to tank. Houston has 24 wins, but they owe their pick to OKC. So they're trying to win too. Atlanta also has 24 wins. So that's like the only team. Long story short, you know, people love to listen to me rattle off, standings over over audio. They love that. Long story short, what if you're a fantasy manager, you you roster stuff like the grizzlies, you roster Bain, you roster any of these, guys who have emerged for the grizzlies, what what does this update mean to you? Pretty much what we expected from the beginning. Right? They're if they're gonna come back, they're gonna come back in the final weeks of the regular season. However, even if they do come back, they might be limited because why would you wanna risk 2 of your better players that could be key players on a competitive team next year? Also, they just might never come back and the deadline or the return date might keep getting pushed back. As a fantasy manager, I mean, if you have them, like, if you are rostering them and you have access to an IR spot, you probably already have them in those slots, and you can keep them there, you know, without, any risk. If you have an so let's say you have, like, Julius Randle and Desmond Bane. I'm probably dropping Desmond Bane with the like, hoping Julius Randle comes back before Desmond Bane. I don't really know if there is really anything any of, like, other examples like that don't really come to mind. I'm totally content keeping these 2 guys in the IR spot hoping that they come back for maybe, like, a postseason a fantasy postseason run, but I wouldn't be expecting that. And if you need another if you need access to that IR spot, you probably can drop these guys if you're trying to make a push to the playoffs. If you're a contending team and you're like, I'm gonna make the playoffs, you can probably still hold them. But if you're like, I need to win these next couple weeks or I need to move up in the standings, you probably can move on. Yeah. You mentioned Julius Randle there. We had a question on the chat. Jay Hang 20. What to do with Randle? Is he even tradable? I don't think he's tradable. No. I think you should hang on. I mean, the hope is that he can, like, maybe come back in early to mid March, but we just haven't gotten great updates yet. He hasn't resumed basketball activities. So I think optimistically, you'd probably be looking at mid March. Yeah. It's tough to say. I would just hang on. I would just hang on in your IR. I don't it's it's too, he could come back too soon for you to, you know, to be worth dropping him. That's a, that's a tough question. Alright. Two final news notes before we quickly get to questions. Kyle Lowry made his 70 sixers debut last night. Gordon Hayward made his thunder debut. Lowry's was much better. Played 25 minutes, 5 to 7 shooting for 11 points, 5 rebounds, excuse me, 5 assists, 4 rebounds. Took minutes away from campaign a little bit from Buddy Heald, who was playing like 40 minutes a game. That was absurd. Gordon Hayward, for the thunder played 14 minutes. It was horrible. 0 points and over 2 shooting, 4 rebounds. Interestingly, we saw Jada Jalen Williams, the big, was a DNP CD, with Gorgon Hayward in the lineup. So something I was not expecting to happen there. Aggie, I mean, do you do you have any takeaways from that, from both of either of those situations? Kyle row Lowry was playing, man. He the 25 minutes is a lot. He was really efficient from the field. You know? Obviously, his shooting comes and goes. With Joel Embiid out, the sixers are gonna need all hands on deck, and he's one of their arguably, one of their best players at this point. I'm not condoning picking them up off waivers yet. I still like Maxey and Heald and Harris and Oubre to kinda, like, lead this offense. But the hometown kid is gonna get a lot of minutes down the stretch run until Embiid comes back, and they are struggling, and they're gonna need all of the veteran experience they can get. So keep an eye on Lowry. I'm not ready to pull the trigger off of one, like, mediocre performance, but it it was a it was a good first game for him for sure. Hayward, offensively, you know, he hasn't played in a long time. There's a lot of rust. He'd I was impressed with his defensive, ability. He was moving around well. He looked fluid. He he fits that system well. I was also surprised that Jalen Williams was the one out of the rotation. I think hold on. Let me check quick. I think, Yeah. Sorry. I lost it. You're good. I think Giddey also played fewer minutes. Yeah. If Giddey played only 23 minutes, that's kinda been, like, his role. So Jalen Williams is really the only one, like, majorly infected by that, by Hayward's presence. I assume he's gonna be getting more towards that 20 minute, mark as he gets more acclimated to his new team. To I will stay away from Hayward for now, but keep an eye on Lowry. Yeah. But Anthony Melton allegedly is going to come back soon. That's gonna maybe affect his minutes. Hayward, I think he was just getting acclimated to the offense. You mentioned it. He had it played in a while, so I won't be surprised. I still believe he's gonna be 20 to 30 minutes a game when he's fully, like, integrated. But, yeah, you don't want them. Not an encouraging performance. No. We also have final news item here. Jordan Poole came off the bench last night. Interim head coach Brian Keith said it's really a positive. It's actually a credit to Jordan. Jordan's been wanting the highest net rating since I've taken over, and I wanna see more of that. This gives him an opportunity now being in that unit to be the lead handler, lead decision maker, and kind of be our offensive engine. That is true. I'm just not sure. It's just crazy to me. We're benching him. It's actually that's great. That's good. He's playing so well that we had to bench him. He's too good for the starting lineup. That's the problem. Anyway, Bilal Koulibaly started form last night. Cool. If you're in a points league, you're not that mad about this performance, but in a category league, he did shoot 4 of 17, for 18 points. Koulibaly didn't do much. Four points, in 32 minutes. Does this really change anything for you, or is this just, maybe more shot volume for pool, minutes are basically the same? You know, I what do you think? Yeah. I think minutes basic are gonna stay the same. He still played 30. The shot attempts might not be a great thing if you're in category leagues. Like, that might be even worse than what he was doing before. I still like Jordan Poole as a as a player. I have I hope he can turn it around. It's it's a a mindset thing, I think, for me. He's got all the skills. Washington, Kyle Kuzma is the only the only one that we need to care about there there for now. Poole has had success off the bench, though. Some of his best games during the war during his warriors tenure came off the bench, so I wouldn't be surprised if he kinda finds a group with the 2nd unit kind of like a, you know, a show like, you got benched, so now you gotta show me. And he's he kinda plays well in that role sometimes, so we'll see. Don't have the highest expectations, but Points League. Points League, I'm I'm still probably real like, rolling with him with the shot attempts, but category leagues, if I don't I don't trust that field goal percentage at all. No. And, you know, if you're looking to stream anybody from the Wizards, they only have 3 games next week, not ideal. I mentioned Kispert, you know, on the on the pod last week, playing well. Same with Avia, although Avia just had 5 points after he scored a career high. So that's a that's a classic move. But, yeah, let's get to some of these, listener questions. You got a ton of them in the chat. We'll try to get to all of them, but, we don't wanna run too long. So apologies if we don't get to yours. Ian has concerns about Deandre Ayton. He's in a 9 cats, 16 team league. Would you trade them? Would you hold them? If trade, what rank range? Yeah. I mean, I'm going to be weary of anybody on a team like, you know, Portland or Charlotte or, like, any of these bottom feeder teams. I mean, guys like Ayton. Ayton's not really a veteran. I guess that's the only saving grace here. Right? Ayton's Ayton's not really a veteran. I I don't know. Kieran, if you if you had Ayton on a team, I don't know if you do. Are you trying to move off of him? I do not have Eitan on any teams. I probably am not I mean, I would send out some feelers. You but I don't know really, like, what kind of reception you're gonna get from your league mates. He before taking away his dud in the final game before the all star break, he was averaging 19 points, 11 rebounds, and one block over his last 9 appearances that appeared in 9 of the last 10 games. That's pretty solid production. I don't think anyone's gonna, like, trade you a guy that's gonna, like, match that production. So I I I feel like there's a hold unless you get, like, a great offer. There is definitely concerns about the shutdown, and your league mates are probably concerned about that too. So it it all depends on what kind of return you can get. If you're gonna trade them for, like, a Gigi Jackson, I like, that's it it just doesn't seem like an advantageous move, like, on either side. I I don't I don't think anyone's gonna be like, oh, I wanna get Aiden and overpay for him, so I think you just roll with the production he's given you. Right. In in leagues where you're putting turnovers, he's ranked 59th on the season and actually 24th over the past month. If you can get a top 60 player for him, that's fine. You know, that's fine. If you have some if you have more confidence in somebody, but I I wouldn't be freaking out to move off of him. He's 25 years old. Maybe they'll actually try to feature him more down the stretch. It's a it's a bit of a risk of wordplay, but that's a good question. Thoughts on Isaiah Hartenstein? Is Mitchell Robinson coming back? Hartenstein had been dealing with an Achilles injury, had missed a handful of 3 games before the break. Just came back, last night, played 11 minutes. Ever they're gonna be careful with Achilles injuries. Right? So do I have concerns? I have mild concerns, but he also reached 30 minutes before. Is Mitchell Robinson coming back? I would guess probably not before the fantasy season is over. I will say because it's an Achilles injury, I would sell high if you can. If anybody's willing to trade for somebody who's just played 11 minutes off of Achilles injury. But I wouldn't worry about Mitchell Robinson at the very least. I would totally agree with that. Hartenstein has been a darling, after Robinson's gone down. The 11 minutes off the Achilles injury, there wasn't any reported setback, so I'm not too concerned with that. Paul Reed also played only 22 minutes with the sixers running out a small ball lineup most of the game. So the the Knicks kinda probably were just like, hey. You know, we don't need to push Hartenstein. We'll just run Precious or, Toppin or, Jericho Sims out there at the 5. So I I I'm still, like, holding on that 11 minutes. It wasn't like he suffered a setback or he's only gonna be playing 15 minutes for the next week, and it was just kind of, like, the style of that game. Yeah. We we've got this question a lot. Is Embiid a safe drop in a playoff schedule week 22, 23, 24? I saw this question, and believe it or not, I did the prep work. Week 22 begins March 25th. And right now, we have Joel Embiid's estimated return date based off of reporting as April 2nd. So that that and that would be the early portion of his return date. So if I'm you and my playoffs start March 25th, they go April 1st, and then their final playoff week, if you get to the finals, is April 8th through 14th, even if Embiid comes back let's say he comes back April 8th. Is he gonna be playing 30 minutes a game? Is he gonna be playing I don't I don't know what their back to back schedule is like. I apologize for not having that off the top of my head, but I would not I don't think you'll lose your league if you drop Embiid. That's what I'll say. I think you at some point, you just need to get production. I totally agree. The only caveat that I have is the sixers are 2 games away from falling to the a seed. After that, there's a big like, the play in tournament. They're, you know, they're just gonna be stuck in the play in tournament. That's the way it's trending now. I don't feel like they would if they're falling in that direction, I don't think they rush Embiid back to be like, let's get the 6th seed or you know? So I I I think he's a safe drop. You gotta get production eventually. If you're trying to make the playoffs, you're trying to win, holding on to Embiid does nothing for you at this point. When he does come back, he's probably gonna be limited, and they're just gonna they're as they're not locked into the play in spot, but they're essentially locked into the play out play in spot. So there's no reason for him to come back, like, early, early to make it that big of a difference. Glenn says, should I pick up Gordon Hayward? He just dropped Duncan Robinson. Unfortunately, I have bad news for you. I'm suggesting Duncan Robinson as a pickup this week later in the show, and Gorgon Hayward played badly. I still think Gorgon Hayward's a decent long term pickup. If you're in, like, a 16 team league, I do I do not hate the idea of a flyer on him, but it's, it didn't look good for him. I'm Jakah Holder drop. We talked a little bit about Kang Woo earlier. I'll say I'm leaning with be it being fine that you drop him, but what's what's your opinion, Kieran? Yeah. He wasn't gonna be a league winner anyways. Obviously, double double production. He was kind of, like, stealing more minutes away of compel compella, so that that would be nice, but I think he's probably a a drop at this point. Jay Sizzle wants to drop Walker Kessler for either a Sar Thompson or Grant Williams and a 9 cat, 10 team head to head. Do you have any insight, Carrion? It depends. I mean, Grant Williams is reigning it from deep right now. If you need help and if you think you can win games, if you can get if you can get help in the 3 point category and that will help you win games, I think Grant Williams is definitely in the move there. We talked a little bit about Thompson May losing minutes when Isaiah Stewart comes back, so I feel like Grant Williams is the safer play. I'm also it's a little foreshadowing. I'm also highlighting him in my waiver wire pickups. Well, let's let's get to those waiver wire pickups. Thank you everybody for the questions. We'll hit some questions after our waiver wire section to close out the show. So stick around for that. As always, or or for people who are who are new here, the these waiver wire suggestions, they're all under 50% roster at Yahoo. And, at least one of our suggestions will always be under 25% roster. But I know, Kieran, you have a list of, like, 4 or 5, a handful of guys who are still under 50% rostered that we continue to recommend to people. So why don't you, list those off for us? Yeah. So we got Trey Mann at 47% rostered, Keontae George at 45, Marvin Begley at 49, and Gigi Jackson at 41%. These guys are all still below that 50% threshold that we're trying to hit, in Yahoo Leagues, and they've been mentioned in numerous articles on rotor wire. I've heard them in numerous podcasts. These guys have varying skill sets, but each player can make an impact in both points and category leagues, so I don't think there's, like, really much discrepancy there. If I had to pick 1, I'm probably rolling with Gigi. He's been phenomenal recently, and I'm just kinda riding the hype train. Although I will add that Keontae George is, like, my breakout for next year. Like, I think he he's gonna be awesome. The Jazz are kinda like bringing him along slowly this year, but he's he's gonna be a cornerstone for them for a long time. I just don't know if that's gonna happen in the next 6 weeks. Memphis oh, go ahead. Oh, I was just saying, I I just remained shocked by Gigi Jackson's efficiency considering how good garbage he was in college. Yeah. Yeah. No. It's amazing. And Memphis has nothing to lose with rolling them out. We talked about Smart and Bane coming back, and it's like, why bring those guys back and risk injury when you can just see what Gigi has to offer and Vince Williams, Zaire Williams? Like, they got they got a lot of young guys that can get minutes. The other caveats are Trey Mann could see a reduced role if LaMelo Ball comes back. I don't know if that's going to happen, but the interest of possibilities, which knocks him down a little bit for me. Begley's double double production is nice, and he has a safe floor with Gafford in Dallas now, but I just don't really wanna trust any wizards outside of, Kyle Kuzma. So I'm probably rolling with Gigi out of that group before. Okay. Let's let's get into the meat and potatoes here. I'm gonna go my first suggestion is Trey Murphy of the New Orleans Pelicans who's about 50% rostered. But I wanna I I just wanna highlight him even though he's, you know, a little higher roster than some of these guys. Dyson Daniels, quietly was playing, like, 20 minutes a game, like, every single night for the Pelicans. Out for at least a month with a meniscus injury, probably more than a month. Daniels, he missed the he has missed the past 4 games, which the Pelicans played last night as well. They they blew out the rockets. In those past 4 games, Trey Murphy, 15 points per game on 443478 shooting, 4 rebounds, 1.5 assists, 2 steals and 2 blocks in 30 minutes. The minutes are really encouraging. I think the efficiency will increase because he shot 484191 last year. So, I think this is gonna that's gonna uptick. So I I think Murphy could average, like, 16, 17 points a game for the rest of the season. Not to mention, Brandon Ingram and Zion Williamson, both injury prone. Ingram sat last night. We know about, Zion's injury, history as well. So I think if you're he's probably Murphy's probably roster already in, like, 95% of competitive 12 team leagues. If you're a 10 teamer, he might be out there, and I think, yeah, I think he is worth a pickup. Absolutely. I totally agree. And one other thing I would add there is the Pelicans are hot right now. And, when he's when the Pelicans are playing well, they get open looks for shooters because they attack the paint so much. So I think Pelicans are hot and you ride Murphy while you can. Who is your first waiver wire suggestion? So outside of those top 4, I'm gonna roll with another one of my favorite guys that I I was really high on before the season. It hasn't quite, happened yet. Maybe we're getting a little bit of that now. Rui Hashimura. He started 7 straight games. He had a career high 36 point performance before the all star break. He's averaging 16 points, 4 and a half rebounds, nearly 2 assists, and 1.4 stocks when playing at least 30 minutes this season. He's the that's he's played at least 30 minutes 12 times. He was a key part of the Lakers run to the Western Conference finals last year, which was why I was high on him coming into this season. He scored in double figures in 8 of his 16 appearances during that stretch, including 4 20 point outings. And then he just hasn't really gotten that type of run this year consistently. There's been some moments when LeBron sits or, you know, someone sits and he gets extra minutes, but it just hasn't been consistent. I last night, well, he didn't have a great performance. I think he's the only starter in, that didn't score in double figures, but I really think he benefits from point guard LeBron. I think when point guard LeBron is when LeBron is playing point guard, that opens up more opportunities, and LeBron really likes Hotrimera, and Hotrimera can be really efficient as that, like, 3rd or 4th score. It's a risky play, but I think it's a a play that you should move make if you're trying to, like, push for a playoff spot. If you're in that, like, you're right out of the playoffs and you think you can go, he has a really high ceiling, probably a decently low floor though, but he's a he's a risky player that could pay off well in the end. Yeah. I I, you know, when Rachimura was in Washington, I was I was kind of a Hachimura hater. I was like, I don't I don't really get it. But he he was awesome in the playoffs last year. Really physical great. Got hot shooting. I agree. It's I mean, it's a, you know, considering his he's a pretty 22% rostered for a guy who look. He could explode and have, like, 30 points in, not 30 points in a week. Like, 30 points in 2 games or, you know, he could get you 50 points across a week or something like that. So that is a that is a good option. My second suggestion, Duncan Robinson of the Miami heat, 28% rostered. This is more of like a weeks, like a next week streamer rather than necessarily like a long term pickup because what we have is Terry Rozier remains week to week. He did shed his brace recently, although I don't think he's been doing a ton of work. Josh Richardson still out with the shoulder injury is going to be reevaluated next week. But they basically I mean, he basically have no guards aside from Tyler Hero, who I think missed, missed their most recent game. Jimmy Butler just came back. But the past 3 games for Duncan Robinson, 19 points, he's shooting 60% from 3. 3.3 assists, 2 rebounds, and 1 steal. Again, you want him for the threes. Again, mostly a streamer for next week. The heat have 4 games. So throw him in for next week and get your, I don't know, 16, 3 pointers, and then see what happens after that. Totally agree. Robinson's been a a very solid play at at points during the season, and next week is definitely one of those where he has a lot of opportunities. My next guy, we already alluded to it a little bit. I'm going with Grant Williams. In 4 games with Charlotte, he's averaging nearly 19 points, 5 and a half rebounds, 2 assists, and he's shooting 49, 93, 43, shooting splits during those games. Shooting regression overall is likely. He's never really pushed 50% for a full season, but he shot above 37% from deep in 4 straight seasons. So I don't think that the 3 point shooting is gonna wane as long as the minutes are still there. His peripheral stats are sporadic, 10 and 8 rebound games, but then he just had 4 rebounds in the other 2. So that's kinda a little bit concerning. Doesn't get many assists, occasional steals. I think he's a safer play. I don't think that, you know, the Hornets might start to tank bench guys, but, like, I don't think they're gonna be prioritizing leaky black and Davis Bertans over a guy like Grant Williams. You know, you wanna give Williams some as much as many minutes as you can to, like, at least take somewhat competitive. I think this is a great move for a team that's probably, like, in the middle of the the postseason right now or, like, they're in, like, the middle of the postseason standings. Like, you you're probably gonna make it, and you just are looking for a little bit of boost, in that 3 point percentage if you're in a cat league for that championship run that you're looking to make. Yeah. This is, I think, mostly a 3 streamer move, but he is he's being more aggressive on offense. I mean, double digit shock attempts in every game that he's played for Charlotte. His free throw rate is way up since getting to Charlotte. So yeah. I mean, I I've been pretty I was critic at the be very beginning of the year. I was like, you need to sell high on Grant Williams, like, today. But now he's the role is is expanded. So I'm I'm not gonna be as critical about him. Hornets have 4 games next week too. Yep. I don't know if you mentioned that. So stream them stream them in for sure. My next player, Ahmed Thompson. Houston Rockets, 43% rostered. This may seem counterintuitive. It it is a little bit because Fred VanVleet just came back. But Thompson played 28 minutes off the bench last night. He had 22 points, 5 rebounds, 4 assists, 3 blocks. I have to note it was a blowout. The the the rockets were decimated by, by the Pelicans. So, you know, it's hard to say how many of those mitts were complete garbage, But what I what we do know is Ime Udoka, he he he's talked about this all the time. We know it from him as a coach. He loves energy guys, loves guys who play hard on defense, not because Ahmed Thompson. I also think there's a chance that Tari Easton just does not play again this season. The injury they keep it his injury situation's getting weird. It's in weird zone, with how how dodgy they're being about it. But, yeah, it's it's possible that, Ahmed plays 19 minutes next game completely on the table. But so keep that in mind before you pick them up. You know, if you have Sunday waivers, you know, see what happens. They play again I I think they play again on Sunday. So keep an eye and see what happens. But but he got he could still be worth rostering the rest of the year, I think. Absolutely. I like both of the Thompson brothers. I think Eamon has a little bit higher of an upside right now, but I I would be totally fine rostering him. So my last one, I'm also rolling with a a rookie. He got his 1st career start last night near double double, one rebound away in 26 minutes. He's played over 20 minutes 5 times this season and averaged 10 points, 4 and a half rebounds, and one steal, so nothing like too crazy. But I just, like, wanna stress the importance of a rookie starting the sec the first game after the all star break. That Yep. This isn't this isn't just like a a one off. This isn't like, oh, we got some guys resting. This was a decision made after a week plus off, and they're like, we're gonna give this kid run. Sensibaugh also got minutes off the bench, so they're they might just be having, like, a little bit of a youth movement. But I I like Taylor Hendrix for this stretch run. He's probably available in nearly every league. He has it's a stash play. I don't know if you necessarily wanna start him next week. You kinda add him for a couple waiver wire dollars and hope you get him. He plays 4 games in 3 of the final 4 weeks. So this guy could be you could get this guy off waivers right now, and he could be offering you double double production during the Fantasy playoffs. That's a really high upside, but there's also a really low floor. I'm rolling with the Jazz, like, making this concerted decision to start him and rolling with him over the next 6 weeks. I think you can get a lot of value there. Yeah. For for posterity, you know, you talk out a soft tank that the at the deadline, they soft pulled the plug. It's like halfway out of the socket, but they they all their pick to OKC. Yeah. I still think that you're right in the sense that I think they will just prioritize development. Yeah. Like, they I don't think they hear that much about making the plan or anything like that. So I I don't think I would consider it like a tank. Yeah. But, yes, I think they are going to to throw Hendrix out there who I mean, per 36, you know, his points numbers aren't that aren't that, amazing or anything, but it's 1.4 steals, 1.2 blocks, 2 threes. So, like, if you're in a category league, it's a 3 and d with some rebounds upside, and that's that is great stuff. Absolutely. Good suggestion there. My my final, wafer wire suggestion. I got we just can't quit him. TJ McConnell, 9% roster off the Indiana Pacers. I was actually shocked to see his roster rate this low. His role at beginning of the year fluctuated a ton. You know, Halliburton was in and out. Them hard will blah blah blah. Halliburton's off his limits limit now. So why why am I suggesting TJ McConnell? He passed 7 games off the bench for McConnell. 10 points on 59% from the field, 5.4 assists, 3.3 rebounds, and a bargain steal in, yes, only 18 minutes. But 5 assists, a guy off the wire grabbing you 5 assists, 100% worth streaming on a 12 team roster with the Pacers on a 4 game week. And in 16 team leagues, he should probably just be straight up roster, like, for the rest of the season, because he he could give you 20 assists in a week, easily. There's not a lot of guys in the wire that are gonna give you 20 assists on a 4 game week. So I I just think you should be you gotta look at them as a streamer in in shallower leagues and just add them in a deep league. Absolutely. The Pacers score so many points and have so many players Yeah. Like, in the rotation that you can't go wrong. And he's, he's just like a professional. He's so efficient when he's out there. He knows how to get to his spots. I I love the pickup. Okay. Let's get to some final, listener questions. Excuse me. Before we close the show out, admiral, definitely recognize admiral, listening to the show here. Thoughts on Michael Porter junior. Is he a hold in 12 team category leagues, or would you drop him for someone with multi cat upside like Keontae George, Trey Mann, Paul Reed, etcetera? So, basically, like, would you drop a low ceiling guy, you know, for, like, a a high ceiling guy that the risk versus reward play here? That's interesting. I I love the Nuggets. I think they're in great position to make a push for this number one seed. I think Porter is gonna be a big factor in that, knocking down threes. I I don't know if you're like, he hasn't really struggled. Obviously, like, you you said, he's a one trick pony. He he makes threes. I'm probably just rolling with Porter for now. I do like Trey Manning, Keontae George, Paul Reed, obviously, there's production that to be had while he beats out. I did I I'm thinking I'm just rolling with Porter here, though. Yeah. I would I would definitely not drop him. I don't think I would drop him for Reed. I don't think I would drop him for Keontay and even Trey man. I think Trey man is the hype. Maybe he has the highest upside of all these guys, but at the same time, I don't know what's going on with LaMelo. Yeah. I just don't know. I think he I think, you know, man's worth picking up. I don't think he could have a role when LaMelo comes back, but, hard to say. I would I would keep that BJ. Trait wants to know, would you drop Gafford, Khris Middleton, or Ahmed Thompson for Asar Thompson? And this is in a points league. I'll I'll I'll mention this for Gafford. It's a decent enough news item. He came off the bench, in the first game after the all star break, behind Derek Lively and played 17 minutes, had 4 points, 5 rebounds, just did not play that well compared to his previous games. So, does that I mean, are you is that enough of a sample for you to be like, you know what? I I don't know about Gafford. I don't think it's enough of a sample for me to, like, straight up drop him. I think there's a lot of value there getting boards, blocking shots, and getting lobs from Luca and Kyrie, but I am hesitant. I I this is a tough question, man. It is. I I Khris Middleton is probably the one that I'm gonna be picking just because he literally hasn't, like, played consistent for that that 30 minute role this season. So there's just a lot of risk there. But this is this is tough. Gafford, you gotta see I how many more games does Washington have this week? Do they play again this weekend? I would assume so. I would, like, monitor that situation, see what what Gafford does again. If it if it's another situation like this, I probably lean more towards Gaffer because Middleton has the higher upside if he comes back soon. But if Gaffer gets 20 to 25 minutes and it's more of a time share with Lively, then I'm probably rolling with dropping, Middleton. Yeah. I think I think broadly to answer this question, I don't think I would feel, like, compelled to drop any of these guys for a star. I don't think you have to. I don't think this is like a league winning move that you're potentially making. Van Damme wants to know a star Thompson or Grant Williams for 10 team points lead. We kinda talked about both of these guys. I think a star probably has higher upside, but then Isaiah Stewart's coming back. It's just, I think this is a pick your poison. Yeah. Thompson definitely has the higher upside. It's just a matter of how many threes Grant Williams can make. Who to drop to pick up Chris Paul? He has, Mike Conley, Iota Sumu, Trey Mann, or Walker Kessler. I don't I don't think you have to drop any of these guys for Chris Paul. I don't know what kind of league you're in. Oh, yes. You had 9 cat. Looking farther. 9 cat, 10 team. I don't think you have to do it because Chris Paul basically all year was barely a top 100 player, and I don't think that's going to necessarily change when he comes back. And all of these guys that you listed, Conley, Tasunmu, Trey Madden, Walker Kessler, even though Kessler's minutes are down a little bit, they all can play at a top 100 level. Yeah. But but what do you think? I mean, do you think it's worth a risk for, like, upside on Chris Paul? There's no way I'm, dropping Ayo or Trey Mann right now. Those guys are super high upside plays that probably in your starting lineup, no matter what right now. I think Conley and Chris Paul are pretty even. So then Kessler falling out of the rotation a little bit, but like you said, top 100 upside if he is playing 20 minutes and getting those blocks. So definitely do not need to make this move at all. If I had to pick 1, I would probably lean towards Kessler, but then that gives you a lot of point guards. I don't know how that helps your roster. Matt wants to know, would you trade Kyrie for Towns head to head Yahoo points? By the way, I, you know, I I both of us playing a lot of, competitive leagues that trades don't necessarily happen a lot, I would say. I love so many of these trade questions in the chat are amazing. Like, guys are doing blockbusters left and right in in in leagues. I'm not saying your league, Matt, is not is not like a a a high stake seriously, but I just I love that so many people are active in the trade market. And the high stakes, it it makes you, like, you don't you don't wanna be the guy to mess up. And so I feel like that always, like, plays into it a little bit. This trade is amazing. I feel like we could do an entire hour long podcast on how it would affect each team. I'm probably rolling with Kyrie right now. The Mavs are getting hot. They added, a bunch of other weapons. One thing I would say about Dallas right now is, you know, Derrick Jones, Josh Green, PJ Washington, Lively, Gafford, all these guys, they added so much depth that I don't necessarily think it helps any of those depth guys, and it's only gonna help Luka and Kyrie. I think those 2 are gonna become more efficient. The offense is gonna be seamless during the stretch run, and then it's just a matter of Jason Kidd will ruin it in the playoffs. To me. This is close enough for just to note a Kyrie averages on the whole season about I think 3 or 4 more fantasy points per game than town. So it's pretty close For me, this is a wash. Like, I I think it's just based on need. Like, if if you if you're more if you're thinner at center, if you're thinner at guard, do whatever side of the trade, you know, makes sense for that. That's that's how I feel about that. James wants to know, should I drop Cam Whitmore, Jabari Walker, or Jorgen Goodwin to activate Hartenstein? Need to drop 1. First of all, yes. You should absolutely drop one of these guys to to activate hard shot. Which one? You know, Whitmore Whitmore's kinda hot and cold. I don't know what his role is gonna be when you know, because Fred VanVleet just came back. He's mostly only a points guy. Jabari Walker is like a category lead guy, who's, like, kinda showing some stuff, and Jordan Goodwin's like a 10 day contract. So which, are you leaning any particular way on this? I'm probably going reverse order. Goodwin would be my number one guy to drop. Jabari would be my number 2, and Whitmore would be my number 3. Like you said, Goodwin might not be on the team in a couple weeks. Jabari Walker fell out of the starting lineup. Silly season could bring him back into, like, top 100, like, flirting with that maybe. And, you know, I did can't wait more as fun. If you already are rostering him, you might as well just roster him for the stretch run because there there's some there's some hope there for a an insane breakout, but that's a long shot. Ian wants to know, is Bruce Brown a drop in 14 team 9 cat leagues? Probably. I mean, it's just all year. It's just been like blah. You know, it's just he hasn't given us that much even with Toronto now. He can't he can't score double digit points in, like, 3 consecutive games. Some games will give you no assists. Some games will give you 4. It's just I I don't think it's gonna he's gonna have any sort of, like, breakout, you know, to end the year. Oh, man. So I I didn't realize this. I'm looking at his box scores now. So end of January to, like, the beginning of February, in 3 games, he totaled 7 steals and 5 blocks in a 3 game stretch. Since then, he has 4 steals and no blocks. That's concerning. For a guy that probably assumed he was gonna get traded to a contender, yeah, I'm probably dropping him. He He just gave up. Yeah. Like, he this is a guy that should be averaging at least a steal per game. That's that's a bad stretch. I'm totally fine dropping him. Side note, Grady Dick might be getting more playing time down the stretch. He hasn't really gotten an opportunity. Raptors need as much 3 point shooting as they can get. So, yeah, I'm probably dropping Bruce Brown. Yeah. And they're triggered for Abhaji. Yeah. So that's that's an option for them too. And for some reason, I still am holding on to hope for Gary Trent. Had a good game last night. He hey. He has a good game, once in a while. Jeffrey wants to know, is Dayron Shoppers stash at Brooklyn start silly season? Yes. Always. Capital y. Yes. I have been Dayron Sharpe is one of the best, per minute fantasy producers around, per minute. He ranks 74th in 8 cat. He also averages 1 point 3 fantasy points per minute, which is an elite number. This is absolutely yes from me. I totally agree. I'm I'm all in on Sharpe. It's gonna come eventually. Hopefully, maybe. Completely dominant rebounder. Insane per 36 numbers. Yeah. It's, it's gonna be awesome. Alright. Looks like we have about 3 more questions here. We'll hit those then and then dip out. Views on Melton and Aldama. Melton's injury is, concerning to me, but he will play tonight. Nick Nurse said he'll play Friday, so that's good. But it's a back. It's some sort of, like, hair it's like a stress reaction or something from his back. So that always concerns me. I think he should be rostered because I think there is a chance he'll play, like, you know, what he was seeing at 29 minutes a game. And he was ranked, 87th and 8 cat. So I would say roster him. Do you have any takes on Aldama who, you know, Aldama has his good games and he has his bad games. Like, wait. Do you wanna roster him? General thoughts? Points league, I'm I'm fine rostering Aldama. Category league, there's the shooting isn't that efficient. His his assists have been pretty nice recently. Had a season high 7 assist in his last game, so that's that's that's a nice boost, but he hasn't scored in double figures in 3 games. Shooting efficiency is a concern. Hasn't had double digit rebounds since January 2nd. I think Melton is more of a wait and see for me. Aldama is you're not gonna be getting anything more than what he's been doing. So if Right. Like, the the he's Aldama is pretty stagnant. You know what you're getting, and Melton is a wait and see. Okay. Lumon, sorry if I mispronounced your name. Lillard and Vince Williams or Fox Mobley, 14 team 9 cat head to head. I don't know if you're asking whether you wanna start these guys or whether you wanna whether this is a potential, trade offer. Let me double check these. Let me double check for if it's for the upcoming week, the Bucks, my games that the Bucks have here, 3 games, Grizzlies have 4 games, Kings have 3 games, Cavs have 4 games. So, game counts essentially the same. Any strong thoughts on this, whether it's like a a start sick question or a, if this was a trade question? Yeah. If this was a start sick question, I'm probably rolling with Fox and Mobley Trade, I would be in be curious. Fox is not a great free throw shooter. I have him in our stake league, and he's been a huge producer for me, but the the free throws has been a major issue. He missed his first two free throws last night. He and for a guy that goes to the free throw line a lot, that's not great. Mobley's been better at the free throw line. I think Fox and Mobley is the higher upside. I would just be worried about that that free throw percentage. I think Lillard I just wanna put it out. I think Lillard's gonna be just fine. I don't know if the all star break is gonna, like, rejuvenate him or anything, but I think Lillard and the Bucks will be just fine. Lamont says it is a trade question. I think I would rather be on the Fox Mobley side. I I your concerns about his free throw percentage, Fox's free throw percentage, very legit. You know, I and Vince like, Vince Williams has been awesome, and Lillard should he I think Lillard can only play better. Let's put it that way. Yeah. But I think just the floor is higher on Fox Mobley because I I just like, who knows with Vince Williams? Like, what if Bane and Smart do come back? Yeah. Like, I don't I don't know. I think I would rather have Fox Mobley, but it's I think it's close because Vince has been really good for a long time. It's a lot closer than it should be. I'll I'll say that. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Two more questions than we are officially out here. Trading away triple j and, who is RW? You you got this one for me, Kieran? No, I do not. For Siakam and Keontay, is this favorable? You're gonna have to tell us, you're gonna have to tell us who RW is. I'm I'm sorry. I can't I can't decipher this one. Rob Russell Russell Westbrook, Robert Williams? Robert Williams would be awesome. Royce O'Neil. Russell Westbrook. Okay. It's Yeah. It's gotta be Russell. Trading away, Triple J and Russell Westbrook for Siakam and Keontay, is this favorable? That's tough. It's grizzly's silly season could get underway, but it's been silly season the entire season, and JJ is still playing. Siakam, like we said, the Pacers have scored a bunch of points. I he hasn't really, like, like, exploded yet, but consistent production, and I have already mentioned how much I like Keontae George. Super high upside guy. I would be real willing to roll the dice if if you feel compelled to make a move. If you're sitting at the top of the standings and Jackson has been a baller for you, you don't need to move off of him. But I think that's my tip. That's all I got. Yeah. I I think I would lean Siakam and Keontay here. I think we agree that Kionte should be rostered in, like, 12 team leagues, almost all leagues, and I don't feel that way about Russell Westbrook and Triple J and Siakam. I think I've similar project or potential upside general fantasy value. So I would I would lean Siakam Kante. Final question here. I appreciate everyone who's who has asked us, questions. It's been it's been a fun pod. James wants to know, Royce O'Neil worth to pick up in a 14 team, 12 cat league. I wanna say yes, but, what do you think, Kieran? I mean, he he's played I'm I'm absolutely rolling with him. Okay. Nurkic got benched last night. Drew Eubanks is a nonfactor most of the time. The Suns are gonna wanna spread it out. They're gonna wanna shoot threes. Even if Bradley Beal comes back soon, Royce O'Neil is gonna be seeing 25 to 30 minutes per game off the bench. He's gonna get you some steals and defensive production. He is gonna hit you some threes. I think he's definitely should probably be rostered in a 14 team league. I would be happy to have him. You know, you're not gonna get crazy points production or anything, but it's just gonna be solid production across the board that can help you in numerous categories. So maybe if you're only in search of, like, one need and he doesn't fill that one need, then he might not be a move. But if you just are looking for a a solid play to get production to replace an injured person, I'm absolutely making this move. And this is actually our final question. Drello coming in hot. Got that. He he got we give him the red light warning. He came in hot. So I'm gonna I'm gonna, he wants to know why Colin Sexton's minutes are low, relatively speaking. Yeah. I mean, let's say let's just take over the in February. In February, he's averaging 27 minutes a game. Now he's still giving you 21 points and 5 assists. So I assume, Durillo, you're like, hey. I have this guy on my roster. Why can't he play 36 minutes and give me 28 points a game? I think it's just because it's a combination of they want Sexton to buy in on both sides of the ball, and I don't think he has the energy on both sides of the ball to be, like, giving 35 minutes a game the way they want him to. So they're like, we'll just play him this. He'll go all out, and that'll be that. I I think that's totally fair. You would rather have 26, 27 minutes of sex in that 100% as opposed to 20 minutes of them at a 100% and 15 minutes of them at 80%. He he really relies on that energy to make an impact across the board. So it is disappointing, but it I feel like in the long run, it's better for his efficiency. Alright. That will officially wrap it up for us. Thank you everybody for tuning in. Thank you for all the questions. They are great as always. Once again, as you can see on the screen, if you're listening on YouTube, rotor wire.com/pod for a free look behind our paywall. Don't forget to like this video, subscribe to the YouTube channel, the podcast, where you find the podcast, and that will wrap it up for us. Thank you everybody for tuning in. Had a pleasure. Thank you, Alex.