Welcome to a Monday edition of the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. Nick Whalen, Alex Berutha here with you as we are every Monday afternoon. Wanna Wanna welcome everybody watching along live, everybody who listens to the pod, archived on YouTube, archived on Spotify, Apple pods, wherever you get them. As you can see, I am sick. My voice is gonna probably go in and out for the next hour, so just be prepared for some rough audio. But as we do each week, we will recap the weekend, talk about some of our waiver wire ads, what the schedule looks like coming up, and just some of the major takeaways from the weekend, and then we will open it up to live listener questions as we move along. But, Alex, you and I were just talking off air. We're both dealing with a bunch of injuries in some of our most important leagues. My NFB KC team still hanging around, all things considered, but I I have CJ McCollum there. I have Marcus Smart. I have Walker Kessler. So we've been battling some big injuries, and the latest of which is LaMelo Ball, who had been on a complete terror over the last couple of weeks. You know, it felt like he was just like a nightly 35 and 12 with with rebounds and steals and threes. But he goes down last night, in a heap. It looked like he maybe got tangled up a little bit. I couldn't quite tell if he landed on Paolo Bacchiro's foot or just landed awkwardly, but very, very concerning for LaMelo. He was able to kinda hobble his way, to the locker room, not really putting any weight on that foot. I have not seen an update quite yet. I would imagine there's very little chance that he plays tomorrow night. The Hornets are at the New York Knicks, but I I'm just at this point praying that, you know, we're dealing with a a sprain and and not a break for a guy who missed a ton of time with foot problems last year. Yeah. I so it's a I believe it's a right ankle. That's the one he fractured last year, so that's a problem. And you mentioned it did not look good. Put no weight on it as he was being helped off the floor. And, you know, it actually interestingly enough, this happened in the same game that Terry Rozier made his return, or was it his 2nd game back? I can't quite remember. I think it was his return. 1st, his return game, and Rozier goes for 22 and 9, which is obviously in 37 minutes in his first game back. So he was ready. Interestingly, this doesn't actually change that much, I don't think, because all I really think is gonna happen is assuming LaMelo's out for at least a week, which probably, I think they're just gonna slide Rozier in at point guard, and then we're still gonna see the sort of minutes, you know, distribution that we were seeing before for for the rest of the roster. Yep. Yeah. I mean, they've always kinda had one too many guys or maybe even too too many guys, and we haven't we haven't gotten a good look at what the rotation is actually going to look like, and maybe we never will because one of them is always going to be hurt. But, yeah, even in even in Rozier's first game back, we can't make it through, with with a full LaMelo game. I'm probably going to cautiously, sadly, reluctantly put Gordon Hayward back in my lineup in our our 16 team league. You know, it's been very up and down, mostly down lately. But I think with no LaMelo, you know, maybe a little bit more ball handling for Hayward, a little bit more assist potential. Again, I don't love it. It's a 3 game week for Charlotte, but, not not a week where a ton of teams have 4 game weeks anyway, so that's not the biggest concern. But, yeah, we we we will see on LaMelo, that didn't look good to me. You never really could could tell just based on on how an injury looks, but I'm I'm expecting at least a week or 2. I would be thrilled if it's a week or 2 for LaMelo. Yeah. A 100%. It was kind of a an injury riddled weekend in general. Yeah. You know, doctor Ray, Steve Alexander writes a weekend recap for us, and and I went through and I did that today, and it was like, you know, LaMelo injured, Jalen Johnson injured, Doncic hand injury, Parzingis, calf injury, Durant foot injury. So, yeah, tough, tough holiday weekend. So in reaction to those injuries, you know, I mentioned I've I've been dealing with a bunch of attrition on my NFBKC team. You know, my state team is in in shambles for reasons other than injuries. Although I do have Laurie Harkett in there, and we we did get word that he will not play tonight to begin the week for the Utah Jazz. You know, who who did you end up adding? Yeah. I know last week was a little bit quiet for you on the waiver wire, but, did you go out and get anybody in any of your big leagues? Yeah. I mean, so our stake league is 16 teams. So in those leagues in those leagues, like, there's no Sadik Bey. There's no Deandre Hunter. That's not really an option. Again, the LaMelo thing, I think it's mostly gonna be Rozier, who I at least have, so that helps me out. I did manage to add Al Horford in the wake of the Porzingis news. Mhmm. I dropped Alec Burks. This is telling you how deep this league is. I was like, I yeah. I gotta get rid of Burks. He's washed. It's over. Yeah. Picked up Al Horford. And then somehow, in NFBKC, and this isn't because of any recent injury news, I dropped Skyler Mays because my entire bench is filled with guys who are injured, Tyler Herrell, Jamal Murray, Cam Thomas, Wendell Carter. Somehow managed to pick up Jaime Hawkes. Oh. Blew 14% of my total available fab in that league, but I only had you know, we get a $1,000 in NFBKC. I had 700 left. I put in a bid for about a 140 and ended up getting him, which is pretty surprising because the more I watch hakez, I know this wasn't exactly a direct answer to your question, but the more I watch, and the more you see him play, it's like he I think even when hero comes back, that, is gonna be playing, like, 28 minutes a game every night. He's too good to to bench. Yeah, man. I mean, I'm I'm glad you brought him up because I targeted him in in, my NFVKC league as well. I believe he's already been rostered for a while in the 16 teamer, so that ship has sailed. I lost out. I bid 77. He went for 82. So, you know, some may sometimes it's worse to, like, you know, I I, like, way overbid for Sam Houser, which tells you where my roster's at right now. Basically, I I cut bait with Gary Trent in every league. Like, I take him every single year. And, you know, like, if if you start him the right week, he's awesome. And he'll give you, like, 3 straight 20 point games and a bunch of threes and steals. I've just had it with him. The field goal percentage is is killing me. You know, the free throw percentage has been bad. He's been missing more than he's been hitting this year. So I added Sam Hauser, my NFBKC, but I really, really wanted Hawkes. And I I should've gone up. You know? Obviously, in retrospect, it's easy to say that, but came close with the 77 dollar bid. He went for 82. You know, I I had that same thought, you know, and I'm I'm looking through his recent game blogs that I'd watch all the highlights with. And, you know, last 9 games, he's got 15 points, 5 rebounds, 3 assists, 1 steal, over 50% from the field. He's shooting almost 50% from 3, which at some point is likely going to regress, but he's also been a good free throw shooter. And, you know, you Hawkeyes is kind of a a jack of all trades. Like, I I I believe, correct me if I'm wrong, that he's actually guard eligible in the NFPKC rather than forward. He is. He is. And that's actually why I needed a guard because I had to drop Skyler Mays. So I was looking through the list of guards and I saw Hawkeyes, and I'm like, well, I need to I I literally have to get a player. So I probably overbid for Hawkeyes, and you underbid the appropriate. It's probably, like, 90. But yeah. No. I I think that's fine in that situation. I mean, I don't very few times in, like, any league do I end the year, you know, with, like, 0 $5. You know? Right. Almost always, I I look back and say, man, I wish it would have gone bigger. And it's not you know, fantasy basketball is not really like fantasy football where, you know, Nick Chubb goes down and it's like, okay. There's a very obvious replacement here. It's Jerome Ford. Like, in fantasy basketball, you you have to work the margins a lot more week to week. So you wanna have some more room to play with, and I get that. But, no. Wait. What you said about about Hero is the same question I had of, like alright. I don't I I feel like these guys don't play the same position, and yet Hawkeyes could kinda play every position. And I do think, you know, when Hero comes back, that's what? 27 to 32 minutes that need to be added to the rotation. And the heat, you know, like Jimmy Butler's missed time on and off. Adebayo's missed a couple of games. Duncan Robinson missed their last game. So they're another team where, you know, when they're very rarely at, like, complete full strength. But I I think hockey has has been so good and so versatile that, you know, hero coming back, it probably diminishes his upside by, what, like, 10 to 20%. But I I think if you're in a a really competitive league like the NFBKC or you're in a 14, 16 team league, he's absolutely rosterable and and probably still startable a lot of weeks. I think so. I mean, I'm looking at the minute split right now, guys who have seen increased minutes with with hero out. It's been 14 extra minutes a game for hakez. Duncan Robinson, 7 extra minutes. Josh Richardson, 6 extra minutes, and then a bunch of random stuff for, like, the Jovaches and the Highsmiths of the world. You know, I think I think Miami would love to find a way to to continue to get Hawkeyes, like, again, 28 to 30 minutes a game. Even if that does come at the expense of guys, like, Highsmith and Duncan Robinson, although Robinson's been playing pretty well, so it's it's hard to take that down. But Mhmm. Yeah. I'm I'm happy to add him even though every day, he rose closer to returning. Yep. Yep. So I like I said, I added Sam Hauser as well. Yeah, just somebody with the Porzingis injury. I I don't view it as a a long term ad necessarily, but, you know, just hoping he could bank a couple of 3 pointers over the next week. I mean, he he's averaging 3.2 made threes per game over his last 12. And, you know, the vast majority of those games have come with Kristaps Porzingis. So I I still think, you know, even if even if Porzingis comes back a little bit sooner than expected or I hang on to Hauser, somebody that you're okay throwing out there, just kinda hoping for 1 category. I I was hoping to get Isaiah Joe in Stake League. He ended up going for $14, in a $100 fab budget league. I I didn't go up that high. I think I only bid, like, 6 or 7, which to be felt high for a guy who's still really fluky and, you know, kind of a Gary Trent in his own right. But he's been a lot more efficient than Gary Trent. He's he's been a lot more consistent, even on an OKC team, you know, where there's plenty of scoring options. Part of it for me was was like a little bit of a hedge of, like, you know, I don't wanna go too deep on the Josh Giddey thing, but if he ends up missing dime and, you know, that that, you know, continues to devolve, then I I think Isaiah Joe is somebody who would who would, you know, benefit from a minutes perspective. Yeah. That was the mindset too. I looked at him in terms of someone to potentially add, obviously, revolving a giddy situation, which we have no real information about. But, yeah, a part of me also worried, like, you know, are they gonna are they gonna just continue to play him, like, 26 minutes a game? I Right. You know, I wasn't I wasn't gonna freak out if I missed out on on adding him, because I think it's just it'll probably end up being more touches for Jalen Williams and more touches for Shea, if anything. Yeah. I mean, I mean, he's also been, like, on fire lately, and I think that's that's boosting him up. I mean, he had that 7 for 7, 3 pointer game against against the warriors a couple of weeks ago. I mean, he's hitting like 4 and a half threes a game, over the last 5. And, and obviously Jalen Williams has missed time as well. So that's part of it. And, and Jalen Williams will be back in the lineup tomorrow night. So, you know, that's somebody that takes some minutes from him. Let's, let's talk a little Jalen Johnson. Some of the big news from the weekend, we got a question about him as well from Albert. He says who benefits the most with Jalen Johnson out, to be clear, Jalen Johnson, expected to miss 4 to 6 weeks, dealing with a pretty major injury, fractured wrist. You know, that's one where it it is, I believe, to his left side. So, you know, at least it's not the, you know, the shooting hand, but nonetheless, you know, something that that could certainly extend well beyond that timetable. I think the obvious name is is Deandre Hunter. He's quietly been off to a pretty good start, and, you know, he's somebody that I I feel like I I pick up and drop and pick up and drop every single year. But he's gonna have a pretty nice runway. And, you know, last 3 games, he's played 39, 31, and 40 minutes. Yeah. I mean, in terms of, like you mentioned, who's getting the benefit? Hunter so Jalen Johnson got hurt, 2 games ago. He only played 8 minutes against Washington. Hunter plays 31 and then 40 minutes. Bogdan Bogdanovic plays 21 and then 32 minutes. Bay plays 32 and then 29 minutes. AJ Griffin plays 6 and then 12. So part of me thought maybe they would they would try some stuff with Griffin that really hasn't been the case. I think Quin Snyder prefers the bigger lineup. Yeah. And, yeah, those are, you know, Hunter and Bay are the main 2 guys, although both Bogdan as well. So that trio is the is the group to look into. I don't know if I would necessarily. I might honestly prioritize Bogdan because he's the most aggressive of the group. He's the best passer. He's the guy who can take on the most usage, of that group. But again, he might not be available in your league. So I'd look into any or all of those 3 guys. Yeah. I mean, Deandre Hunter, you know, my main ESPN league is the stake league, which again is 16 teams. So, like, he's been long gone. He's under 20% rostered right now, according to what I'm looking at. So if you're in a 10, 12, even 14 team league, make sure Deandre Hunter is not available. Go grab him, especially if you could still put in your claims ahead of this week. But, yeah, everything you said makes sense. I mean, Bogdanovich is one of those guys that it it just kinda feels like he's plateaued. You know? I think we had higher hopes for him a few years ago, but he's still still really solid, especially if you're looking at it as kind of a, you know, a month long fill in for Jalen Johnson. And, you know, Atlanta plays fast. They put up a ton of points. There's going to be fantasy value to be had. Well, we we gotta get our token, Bogan Bogdanovich question out of the way. Is he worth the at Detroit looks like a mess right now with their losing streak, says Rya. I don't, I don't know. There's no way to predict the pistons at this point. Right? And Bogdanovich for what it's worth will not play tonight against Washington. So, you know, if you're in a weekly league, obviously, it's pretty tough to chance it. They do play 3 more games this week. They play Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday. So it's it's possible he could come back for one of those, but I would not I would be putting him in a lineup this week. But if the question is, you know, if you have a roster spot to grab him, yeah, I I don't hate it. I mean, I I think if you if you have somebody you know, if you're holding on to, like, I don't know, Jaylen Smith or somebody like that, the deeper league, then, yeah, cut him and and bring in Bojan and and just see what the minutes are. But I I think I'm relatively low on what his upside is going to be. Like, most teams in this situation, I don't think you view, like, a 35 year old corner 3 point shooter as, like, the solution, but I also feel like Detroit thought they would be better. So I I could kinda see them going down that path. Yeah. I've had a lot of conversations with, Friday basketball podcast, cohost, Shannon McEwen. It's his Detroit Pistons. He's a fan talking a lot about, you know, the frustrations of Kate Cunningham, the lack of spacing on the team, and having Bowen available fixes their spacing. No. He's not young. But just from a functional basketball standpoint, yes. It's good to have him on the court. The thing I think the thing you have to look at in terms of rotation, who might lose minutes, etcetera, the Pistons were, like, finally healthy. The the last game, I forget who they played. It was, Chicago. I don't know. It wasn't. You'll have to. I apologize. This is I don't I don't think they haven't played since, like, Friday. Alright? You know? Yeah. It was a long weekend. Pacers. I think it was the Pacers. They finally had Jalen Duran back, so we gotta look at basically their real rotation. You know, Ivy's been seeing more minutes. Cade's up at the top. I think where the the slot where Bojan has a chance to jump in, maybe take some of Ivy's minutes because we know Monty Williams has been up and down about Ivy. Isaiah Stewart and Isaiah Livers, I think both can see their minutes decrease and potentially Alec Burks and and Umoud is playing minutes. So I think there are 30 minutes available for Bowen. Mhmm. Should you add him? I know he's like the obviously, the big question. He's probably worth adding just to see what happens. Yeah. Don't freak out if he sees, like, 18, 19 minutes right off the bat because he probably has to work up into it. He's 34 calf injury, etcetera. Mhmm. But in a 12 team league, he's probably better. He's there's a good chance he's better than someone you have on your bench right now. Yeah. I think that's where I'd make the cutoff. 10 team league, anything smaller, probably leave it alone. But, yeah, if you're if you're in a 12 teamer, I I think you could find somebody to to cut and and bring him in as a speculative ad. And I would probably do it now even if you're not using him this week just because if he does come back and has one big game and everybody's gonna be all over him. So, I think our final decision is tread lightly, but overall worth an ad. Let's talk CJ McCollum quickly, Alex. We got some good news on McCollum finally. Thank thankfully for my my snake or my NFBKC team, he is, quote, aiming to return this week. Will not play tonight against the Utah Jazz, which is a shame because that's a good matchup. But, the report is that he will probably play either Wednesday against the Sixers or Friday against the San Antonio Spurs. So good news overall on that front because when you're dealing with a collapsed lung, I mean, I think he's, like, the only other player I could think of who's even had this injury. Right? So there's not a lot to compare to. Like, it could be weeks. It could be months. You never know. But it looks like McCall up will will ultimately end up missing about 12 or so games here, and they should have him back by the end of the week. That is huge. Obviously McCall was off to a really good start. Pelican should be getting Trey Murphy back in the near future as well. That's big for them. We we do have the in season tournament week, of course, coming up next, after this one, and the schedule is still kinda unannounced for that one. But after that, yeah, you got a 3 game week from a column, and then you got a 4 game week after that. So good news overall on him. Yeah. And then, you know, if you're rostering Dyson Daniels or Jorrit Hawkins, you have to be careful or just take note of when McCollum returns, what happens to their minutes. I'd have a pretty quick hook with both of those guys, to be honest. You know, especially, I mean, we've seen, Jose Alvarado make his return. He played 23 minutes in the last game. In the league. I'm not proud of it. And so, I mean, that's kinda ridiculous, actually. This guy's like a 20 team league. I think, so, I mean, maybe, you know, Hawkins might, you know, see a bigger decrease in minutes than people imagine. And then when Trey Murphy comes back, I think the same thing could happen to Daniels, who's he's more of a guard, but he's got wing size. Mhmm. Yeah. I mean, dice to Daniels, I've I've kind of been off of him, like, just kinda waiting for this run to to run out. And I I do think the return of McCollum plus Alvarado, you know, that that might be the end of him as a a viable fantasy guy, but, you know, then he goes out and puts up 6 steals the other night. He gets Utah, and that's that's ultimately what you're using him for. Right? Even even during what's been, you know, the best run of his career here, he's not doing a lot of scoring. He's been super inefficient, but, you know, rebounds have been fine. Assist have been there, but you you're really after the steals when it comes to dice at Daniels. I would say this is probably the last week that you're putting him in a starting lineup. Let's see what else we got here. Thoughts Thoughts on that after the Jalen Johnson injury. That that's not somebody we touched on. Is there any is there any way we could spin this as, like, a trickle down benefit for a kung fu? I wish. I mean, I will say, you know, he did play 25 minutes a game. Jalen Johnson got hurt in the 27 against Boston. Although Capella, you know, didn't play a lot in either of those games, so it's hard to know what exactly what to make of it. Personally, I think if Quinn Snyder wanted to experiment with a kung woo at power forward next to Capella, he would have tried it more already. I don't personally, I'm not like adding him if he's on the wafer wire or expecting, like, bigger things out of a kung woo. Yeah. I would love to disagree with you, but they just I don't know. They they refuse to to play him more than, like, 25 minutes. It feels like any night. And even the other night, he played 27 against Boston. That was last night. Didn't really do a whole lot with it. You know, I I think you could still you still keep around for, you know, lower end blocks production. Like, you know, I I still like, if if you have enough bench spots or you're in a a deep enough league, like, I still want him just in case click Capella gets hurt, even if it's for, like, a week or 2. Like, I I think a can just completely go off in those situations. But now, unfortunately, I I don't I don't think they wanna play they can't really play Capella and a kung fu together. Right? So I I don't know if we're moving Jalen Johnson changes that. No. And at this point, a kung fu like, we've had the we've had the a kung fu conversation so much that we all know what we're talking about at this point. If you're in a 12 team category league and you're like losing, like, if, you know, you're like 8th or 9th or something, I wouldn't even blame you for dropping him to just try to stream another production. I would probably hang on to him almost no matter what in a 14 team category league. But again, it's because you're gonna drop him and someone's gonna pick him up, but you can't feel bad if you're if you're doing really poorly in your league. Mhmm. We saw the return of Scoot Henderson this weekend, Alex. They made his return against Utah, around Thanksgiving, and then played 27 minutes against Milwaukee last night. That was a game that Portland or it looked like it was gonna send Bucks Twitter into a complete tailspin, and it did, for half of that game. And then the Bucks come stormy back. They make a huge comeback and win it. But Scooter looked okay. 13 points, 5 of 10 shooting hit 3 3 pointers, which is good. Obviously was struggling from 3 before the injury, had 7 assists at 17 minutes against Utah. But we we had a question about, you know, whether or not, he he's worth activating off IR. Obviously, if you if you wanna put him in your lineup, you're gonna have to do that. But Nicholas asked, should I drop one of Andrew Wiggins, Gordon Hayward, Keonte George, Derek Lively, or Spencer Dinwiddie in order to activate scoot Scoot Henderson. So would you drop any of those guys? I would I would consider Wiggins because to me, the Lavelo ball injury means maybe more for Hayward. Keontay is a starting point guard averaging, like, 7 assists a game. You don't drop that. Lively is just a very good center. I think his playing time and usage could increase as the season goes along, and Don just gets more comfortable with him. And Dinwiddie's on a heater right now. Yeah. Dinwiddie is saving one of my teams. So I if anybody, it would be it would be Wiggins, but I don't I don't think you have to activate Scoot this week. I don't I don't think you have to. Well and we have to keep in mind. I mean, our Nicholas is asking for a 9 cat league too. We're like, the turnovers with Scooter are not gonna be good. Yeah. That's gonna be 3, 4 nights. And I yeah. I don't know, man. I I I prefer Scooter in, like, daily lineup leagues, I guess, where you could target certain matchups because I think there's still gonna be a lot of ugly nights. I think he might hurt you more than he helps you. But, I mean, Wiggins at this point, it's like, I don't even know. I mean, even even on the nights that he's okay, he's basically just getting you points and some rebounds. Right? I mean, the 3 point shooting's been terrible. The free throw shooting's been bad. Like, he's I I think he's, you know, still a plus player for the warriors, but he's a better real life player than fantasy. So, yeah, I I think out of that group, you you you could probably drop somebody. I just temper your expectations for scoop because I I still think it's gonna be pretty bumpy. You know, speaking of, bucks games, were you am I wrong or were you at the wizard's game? The other man. I was yeah. At the end season tournament game, you mean? Yes. Oh, yeah. I was there for the Brook Lopez 39 point game. Yeah. Can I can we can we get like a take, like a in person? What did you see kind of a thing? They would give us a diagnosis on both teams. I will say it was a quiet 39 for Brook. I don't like, I was not aware that he had that many points, and they they announced, you know, like, midway through the Q4. Like, that is a new Bucks career high for Brook Lopez. I'm like, what the heck? How did he have 39? Yeah. Fun game. Obviously, didn't expect the war the Wizards to hang around the way that they did, and the Bucks the Bucks have, like, 5 chances to really slam the door shut with under 2 minutes left. And Pat Connaughton missed both both ends of a of a, you know, double bonus that kinda let the Wizards back into it. But really fun game. I mean, 3 guys for Milwaukee scored 30 plus. I think that's the first time in a very long time that's happened. You know, the in season tournament thing, I don't I don't know that most of the crowd was aware. Certainly, most of the group that I was with was not aware. I was fielding a lot of questions about the court and the uniforms and things of that nature. There wasn't a lot of clarity provided in the arena as far as what's what's at stake here. But, you know, it was it was a run of the mailbox game. But, you know, for me, I was I was there as a civilian. I was not there as a as a journalist or a podcast host. So, you know, to to say that I, you know, had had zero push lights in my system would would be a lie. Okay. Any any vibe checks from either team, like a Wizards vibe check, like a Jordan Poole? Well yeah. So he I mean, he's a Milwaukee native, as you know. Wasn't wasn't super well received. I I think there's a, you know, a lot of just, you know, questioning, like, why would you shoot that, coming from him? Like, honestly, the guy who stood out most of you is Corey Kispert, who's on fire. I think he had 6 minutes. He looks really good, dude. Like, he looks awesome. I mean, the shooting form is obviously textbook, and, you know, you said some really difficult looks. Johnny Davis played a few minutes. I was I was there with a group of, fellow UW Madison grads, so that was cool. Everybody was excited. And then we saw him shoot, and I was also fielding a lot of questions about that. I I saw Sam Decker this weekend went on a a Twitter rant. It was like, what what did you guys do to break his shot? I mean, it looks bad, especially if you slow it down. Not that anybody cares about Johnny Davis for Fantasy, but, I mean, he's got he's got, like, a full on Markelle Fultz hitch going on. Ball's moving around. His wrist is moving around. Like, he he looks like he's in danger of falling out of the league. Like, we we might have a, like, a James Book night situation here. Yeah. I think it could be. I saw a Twitter clip go viral about his his shooting form, and he kinda he brings it up and then moves it, and then it's it's like you mentioned, it's bad. So, that's your that's your dynasty talk, 5 seconds on Johnny Davis. Offload him if you can. Alright. Any other, you know, major weekend news that I'm omitting? I know we talked we touched on the Porzingis injury. I know Durant has missed 2 straight games. I mean, those are kind of day to day type of things. I you know, Orlando has been on fire. That's more of a real life story than a fantasy story. Chicago continues to look horrible every single night. I I do think changes are changes are coming for Chicago. And is there anything we can do fantasy wise to to take advantage of that? You know? I I know Kobe White is somebody we've talked about. Like, if you could acquire him, I think there's a pretty good chance that they really turn him loose, you know, whether that's in a few weeks or a few months from now. Yeah. I like the I like the the move to try to acquire Kobe White from somebody or if you're in a shallow enough league, you know, pick him up. I think I guess it's possible he's available in 10 teamers. I would I would maybe tag him and stash him if you can in anticipation of of some movement there. Other than that, I mean, I honestly don't think so. You know, I am I think I'm just out on Patrick Williams. So I think it's fine like, if if you're again, this is like if you're in a 14 team or you want a speculative add him because it's possible he sees 30 3 minutes and touches the ball more. I'm not gonna really argue with that, but it's like not a move I'm making in twelves even. I'm not even considering that. No. I I I know there were was it like a year or 2 ago? I think Patrick Williams himself said something about, like, oh, it could be like Kawhi Leonard. No. That's not, that's not happening now. I mean, he there's there's been nights where he's playing, like, 17 minutes. I mean, he's like in Isaac Acoro mode. Yeah. He's just a low usage. I don't even know. I saw I saw a Twitter montage of him driving left and losing the ball, like, every time, so that that was also alarming. And then if you have any of those other guys, like, if you have Vooch, if you have LaVine, if you have DeRozan, even if you have Caruso, you have to assume if those guys get traded, they're moving into worse situations. So you you probably can't sell because no one's buying, but that's just a heads up. Yeah. I mean, I I think I think you can get value for DeRozan and LaVine, especially. And I I think Vooch is the least likely to get moved. So, you know, there might be, like, a second half terrible team, good stats Oh. Run coming for Busovich because, like, nobody wants to trade for him. Right? With the contract, probably not. I mean, I think someone would love to have him as, like, their, you know, their sort of, like, it's hard because it's like, who's he gonna is he gonna start for somebody? Like, is he gonna start for Dallas? I mean, he's so bad on defense. I know our our guy Ricky O'Donnell was he just did a thread on that over the weekend, and he was just like, Vucevic can't guard anybody. You know? So, like, I I it's I'm not saying, like, playoff teams wouldn't want him, but I think it'll want him to start and play 33 minutes tonight. Like, I don't I think I think he would almost be like a souped up Kevin Love. This would be like you trade the Hawks trade at kung woo for him or something and saying that's a maybe a bad example. But it's like but it's like, you know, he he should be playing 22 minutes, 23 minutes off the bench, just sort of like an offensive center specialist. Like, he should be Bobby Portis. Right. But he's not. Right. Well, and he's obviously better than that. I'm not saying he's, like, terrible and should just be, like, at the end of his career. But, you know, defensively, if you're being realistic, you just can't be out there for a team that actually wants to win games. Alright. Well, let's, let's hit some of these questions in the chat. But first and foremost, we got some messages to pass along as we do each week. Underdog Fantasy, one of the presenting sponsors of this podcast. It is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS pickup contest. If you have not tried underdog yet, new users can get a first time deposit match up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire.com. Just use the promo code RW NBA. When you sign up, that's RW NBA go to underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today. And again, make sure you use that promo code RW NBA free 6 months to ROAD wire that gets you access to everything on our site, not just basketball. And then you'll get that deposit bonus up to a $100 Vivid Seats. NBA season's underway on behalf of our friends at vivid seats. Let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sounds of thousands of screaming fans, every dunk, every dribble, and every heart pounding play from your favorite team live and in person because vivid seats is the only company where you can get rewards on every purchase. You can score amazing deals and unrivaled rewards all season long. Plus they have a 100% buyer guarantee, so you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseeds.com or download the app today and use the promo code rotor wire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's rotor wire, r o t o w I r e for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase, Download the app or visit vividseeds.com. Vividseeds experience it live. You know what? Let's stock out the rival one too. I don't know. I don't know why I paused there. Rival fantasy. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale, Johnny Davis versus Judica jump shot. Basketball is synonymous with legendary rivalries. They make the game more fun, and they give fans the story lines that raise the stakes every time those players beat on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player matchup in head to head debate could be settled on rival. This NBA season, you could play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. You could play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up today at joinrival.com/roto wire and get a $200 deposit batch. Get in on this right now, before we get too deep into the NBA season, it's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. We will see you in the arena. Alright. Let's get to a trade question from our friend, Etats here. 16 team, 9 category league. He said, who is better to get? Jimmy Butler or McCall Bridges, Evan Mobley, or Desmond Baines? I I don't know if these are 2 separate deals or or what, but we will we'll kinda talk about all 4 here. I guess we could try to quickly write. You know, how would you if you're trying to, you know, acquire any of these 4 players, Butler, Bridges, Mobley, or Bain, who are you targeting first? I think, man, Bridges is probably at the top. Maybe Bane. It's either Bane or Bridges at the top. Like, because Bane is like a 30th ranked player right now. Bridges is 42, but you assume Morant comes back. Bane drops. Mobley's kinda also in that range. To me, those guys are more even. I think I would honestly rather have any of those 3 guys than Butler. Butler hasn't played as well this season as he has in the past, and he's been sitting a like, it was concerning that he was sitting at the beginning of the season with a knee thing. I'm kinda concerned about his aging injury history. If you're again, I I would I might lean I don't know. Does Bridges usage go down if Cam Thomas comes back? I mean, technically, Mobley might actually be the safest of this group. Yeah. I I I think I think Bain is still the guy I probably want. I know it. It feels like, you know, Memphis has been such a disaster, but he's he's still having a pretty nice year, fantasy wise. Oh, yeah. You know, the the the percentages have been a little bit down, especially the field goal percentage. And I think that's what's hurting his overall ranking. Like, if you check out our our ratings page at Roadwire. And, you know, obviously, the return of Brandt is is gonna, you know, take some of that off, but I also think, you know, ultimately, Bain is underqualified to be a number one option. So you might you might lose some counting stats when Morant comes back, but I I think he probably picks up some efficiency. Yeah. That's possible. Yeah. I I so I think what we're trying to say is it's probably Bridges, like Bridges Mobley, or Bain. I I I'm cool with you, like, what you're saying leaning towards Bain because it's possible again, he loses, accounting stats, but gains efficiency when Morant comes back. But, this is a pretty again, if you're like wondering, you know, who should you be targeting at any of these in this particular trade, I think you're asking about, it's closer to a wash, but we might lean probably bay Bain or Mobley. Interesting question from point blank Mish. What are your thoughts on OG's performance in Toronto? Are we expecting more upside? Would you trade D'Anthony Melton for OG and Inobi? No. But I get I get I understand why you're asking because Melton has been playing, like, really well lately. You know, he's got what is this? 9 straight games with double digit points, averaging 165 and 3 with with 1.2 steals. But, you know, Annoebi is is is someone with a a lot more upside who just hasn't been playing as well. I I would lean on Annoebi still. His performances are a bit up and down because he can be kind of reliant on the 3 ball. He's not asked to create in the same way that Siakam and and Scottie Barnes are asked to. But, you know, Anya Novi basically has the same usage rate as last year. His steals are down. Once his I mean, once his steals come back up, which I assume they will, I haven't dug into the deflections numbers, but then you'll be getting better value out of OG. Yeah. I I go OG as well. You know, tough to to cut bait with Melton at this point, but I think you're getting a steadier, more proven player in OG and somebody who actually ranks higher on the season. And I also worry about the sixers trading for Zach LaVine or trading for someone else. And, you know, at that point, you know, you you probably see Melton regress back to the guy that he's been the last couple of years. Right. Shangoon, Brunson, LaMelo, or Tatum, Wenbinama, Scottie Barnes. So I assume this would be a, like, a mega trade question. Which side of that do you want? Wow. I mean, this is really tough to evaluate because I think this is like a this is a really fair trade. I I'll I'll say it for I'll start with to me, this is really fair because to me, LaMelo and Tatum are on the same kind of, in the same tier. Wembanyama and Brunson are in the same kind of tier. Scottie and Sangoon are in the same kind of tier. So do I mean, do you do you have a preference? Well, obviously, you know, right now it's tough not knowing LaMelo status. So Yeah. You know, if if you're like trying to make this deal today, I don't know that I would want to acquire LaMelo. But, you know, to me, Tatum is is the best player in the deal, the steadiest player. Like, I know LaMelo could be better in terms of his upside, but I I I think I want the Tatum side just because he gives you 70 to 75 games of elite production every single year. You know, Webinama's coming off of a huge game at, like, what, 10 combine steals of blocks the other night. And and Scotty Barnes has been great. So I would I would lean toward the ladder. I'd want Tatum, Webinama, and Barnes. I think that's fair. It's, it's always interesting to me how fair a lot of these, like, mega trades are in these, in these deals. So you have a you have a league mate that, respects you for sure. Going back to Jalen Johnson, should I drop him in a 12 team league with no IL spot? I don't I don't play in a lot of leagues without IL. Obviously, NFBKC is like that. I think he's been good enough that if I had him in that league, I would be pretty wary of dropping him. If you're in a, you know, a 10 team league, then maybe you think about it. I I don't think I would though. I don't think you can. He ranks 47th this year. It's too good. If he ranked 80th and your team was bad, I would say maybe, but he's too good. He's too good to drop. Let's see. I saw Thompson. Is he worth hanging onto for the long haul? Production is, you know, ticked down a little bit of late. I mean, the rebounds have still been there. The blocks have still been there. And that's really, you know, kind of been the reason that he's been so valuable so far. Almost 10 rebounds a game, which is obscene for a guy who we thought would, you know, maybe play shooting guard for them. He is not giving you anything from 3. I mean, he's at 13% from beyond the arc. So a very unique stat profile, but I I think he's worth holding on to. I mean, that it's this somehow relates to, you know, the Bogganovich question from earlier where, you know, if he's coming back and he's playing 25 to 30 minutes, I I think Asar is somebody who could lose some some tick there, but I I'm I'm not really looking to to offload him. I mean, that's that's somebody that you basically got for free. No. I mean, we talked about this with Bojan, who's gonna get their minutes cut. To me, Asar again, like, more than anything. Yes. Detroit does need 3 points shooting. They need spacing around Cade, but Asar man, he's so good. Like, he's so good defensively. You watch him play. He passes the eye test. No. He shouldn't be shooting threes. He air balls them. I've seen it multiple times. But he is like, there's so many other guys that they could decrease minutes to Mhmm. Rather than him. So I think he's he's completely legit to hang on to. Ian asked us about Kawhi Leonard. Are we worried about his health rest of season? And if so, when is the best time to flip him, and who can I target in a 9 category league? I mean, health aside, Kawhi Kawhi's almost been impacted more than anybody by the Harden edition, which is a little bit surprising to me. I you you kind of think of Kawhi as just being so bulletproof, but, you know, he's coming off of a terrible game against Dallas, a game that they wanted to blow out. So part of it was he only played 29 minutes, but still 2 of 12 from the field. I mean, since Harden showed up, he's basically been, like, under 20 points per game. The efficiency's been down. I think most of it, you could chalk up to what just looks to be a a mini shooting slump, but that combined with the fact that he always misses time. I mean, we we talked last week, I I think, with a similar question. I yeah. You wanna ride Kawhi as long as you can, but somebody like him, you know, if if you could flip him for, like, another top 40 guy who's healthier, which is gonna be just about anybody, I would do it. You said it. Are there worries about Kawhi's health rest of season? Every season, yes. Mhmm. When's the best time to flip him? As soon as you can. Anytime he if he has like a streak of 3 games, start shopping them. And exactly like Nick said, you know, he's ranked about 35th on the year. He was being drafted not so far off of that. If you can get somebody in that range, I would absolutely do it. If you're able to steal a even like Deshante Murray, we're able to get Deshante Murray for him, Shangun, You know, I I think a really interesting trade that someone might offer you or you could offer to somebody else would be like Kawhi for Anthony Simons. To me, that seems like a very sort of their problem for your problem kind of a situation. Those are the kind of guys that I would target or or I think are realistic. What about CJ McCollum or Miles Bridges? Oh, Miles Bridges is interesting. McCollum, I think I would rather have Kawhi, honestly, because to me, McCollum's ceiling is not that high. I think he's playing really well to start the year, but it's just not I think we what we saw last year was pretty legit. In terms of Miles Bridges, I mean, he has been playing really well and a lot of minutes. I think I actually would. I'm pretty sure I would I would trade Kawhi Leonard for Miles Bridges straight up. Yeah. Yeah. I I think I would too. I I I just don't wanna deal with it with Kawhi. You know, I've been been through that one too many times. So, yeah, hopefully, those names are are useful. I mean, I think, Dejante, you know, the first name you mentioned is a really good call. I'd kinda start in that range and, you know, fire some offers over, maybe even send a few. And and, you know, if you're comfortable with all the returns, just, you know, let your let your lead manager pick which player he likes best. Let's see. Thoughts on Malcolm Brogdon rest of season. You know, had a big game. I guess, Milwaukee yesterday, somebody who's when when he's played this season, you know, has been it just feels like he's so much more, like, competent and experienced than the rest of the roster that he's just he's putting up really nice numbers. I think the big question here is just, does he remain with this team? And I I guess, does he also stay healthy? Yeah. Brogdon has a 32% usage rate this year. Like, that's we're talking about, like, Jason Tatum type stuff right now. Yeah. I mean, it exactly like Nick said, at some point, the team's gonna be healthier. Scoot's gonna start playing probably 30 minutes a game. Simons is gonna get healthy, and then what's available for Brogdon. You know, when everybody was healthy, he played 23 minutes in the opener, still at 20 points and 5 assists. So to me, again, I would be looking to sell high because he is injury prone, and the rest of the team will get healthier, and he might get traded. It's kinda like what Nick was talking about. So, can he be a top 100 player for the rest of the year? Maybe. Sure. He's 105 right now. You know, the shooting percentage is rough because he's asked to take some bad shots. I guess my my final answer would be I would sell high. Alright. Paul has a a question here or more of a more of a a possible complaint depending on how we do this. He said, I traded away Miles Bridges and Cade Cunningham for Jaren Jackson and Dennis Schroeder before Miles came back. I'm watching Miles ball out as soon as he's back, and it hurts. Did I do alright in this trade? I mean, Miles Bridges might be the best player in this deal the rest of the way. So probably not. I mean, Schroder, I think, is actually gonna hold value. Like, I I don't know really know what Toronto's doing, but they have no other point guards. And and, obviously, if he took Shooter at the end of a draft, that's paid off. I mean, I'm going through it with Jared Jackson. He he finally broke his streak of, like, 10 straight games without multiple blocks the other night, but he's also barely shooting above 40% from the field. Like, that looks like it's just gonna be a huge regression compared to last season. I don't I don't think he got completely fleeced here. I I wondered why you decided to give up Bridges right before he came back. And I I totally get buying low on Jaren Jackson. But I I you know, getting rid of Bridges and Cunningham in this deal, I I don't think you're gonna win it. The if you look at it now, it doesn't look good, obviously. I, you know, I understand the process of what happened here. You might be thinking, well, Cunningham and triple j, maybe that ends up being closer to a wash. Sugar's playing really hot. You don't believe in bridges. Okay. I just I feel like maybe more than a lot of other people, like, you know, we, you know, especially, like, on the Friday podcast, we talked about bridges a lot in terms of, like, well, the only sign due to the qualifying offer, are they committed to him? Why would they play him if if he's not part of their future? And I was always kind of pushing back in those conversations. Like, they're trying to win games, and Miles Bridges might be their 2nd best player. So I wouldn't have made the deal because I think I'm I was higher on bridges than, like, a lot of other people. But when I think about where you were at when you made this trade and what your mindset was, like, I I get where you were for sure. Mhmm. Alright. Another good trade question from Luke. Would you take Capella and Murray, Dejounte Murray, for Clarkson and Paul George in a points league? So I think Capella is not necessarily a must roster player in 10 team points. Like, I think he you should roster him, but it's not gonna kill you to, like, lose out on him necessarily. You know, Clarkson, I just don't know. I don't trust him the rest of the season necessarily. It's possibly he gets traded or something like that. I mean, I guess I would prefer PG of everybody. So I think I think I would lean Clarkson in PG, actually. I think with George, it's just you trust the health. You know, we we always say he's missed he's missed more time than Kawhi since joining the Clippers. If you do, then that that to me is the right side. You're totally right on Clarkson. Like, it's he's in the midst of a nice run here. I think that it always runs out. You know, he's gonna have those weeks where he shoots, like, 30% from the field. And I I love Dejounte. I mean, he's been one of the safest players in fantasy, but I I think you gotta chase the upside here with Paul George. You know, unless you're in a great spot and you just kinda want to reduce your risk the rest of the way, but I would I would rather take the Paul George side. Is Wendell Carter worth the ad in a 9 cat 14 team league, or should I stick with Mo Wagner slash Gokobatadze? This is an interesting question because the Magic have played so well without him, and he wasn't doing that well to start the year. His usage was down. His efficiency was bad. Wendell Carter. I don't know if I said that. Yeah. So should you pick him up in a 9 cat 14 teamer? He probably is worth a pickup. Someone I think almost inevitably will pick him up, but I he's not so much of an ad. Like, the rest of the season, if you're asking me, would I rather have him than Moe Wagner or Goga? Yeah. I think so. But I don't the situation is a little Yeah. It's getting interesting, I would say. Yeah. The fact that they've been playing so well is what complicates it. I I do think if you pick him up, I I wouldn't expect to start him necessarily right away, but I think the kicker here is it's a 14 team league. So Yeah. Yeah. I think you want him. I mean, eventually, I I don't see them, like, freezing him out of the rotation. Right? I mean, I I think I think worst case scenario, he's giving you, like, comparable value to those guys and chances are it's probably better. So, yeah, overall worth a pickup. Is Naz Reed worth holding in a 14 team, 9 category league? I I would say yes. I I feel like I always love having Naz Reed. You know, whenever you you have, like, a a 2 game week for a couple of your big men, you just toss them out there, you know, somewhat nontraditional in terms of the the numbers that he gives you for a big man. Like, he doesn't block a lot of shots. He doesn't give you a whole lot of steals. He almost never gets you assists, and and the rebounds tend to come and go, especially when they have, you know, talents that go bear out there. But he's, you know, hits a lot of threes. He's basically hit at least 1 3 in every game but one this season. So, yeah, I I think it's been slightly disappointing. Like, he was great to begin the year, and, you know, it's been a little bit more hit or miss since then. But in general, in a 14 team league, you're probably not gonna do a whole lot better. Yeah. He's still, in my opinion, too good per minute to drop with the potential of Gobert or Towns getting hurt. And I get, like, you can't have guys on your bench just hoping that other guys get hurt. Like, that's how you have. That's how you end up with, like, a kong woo and Nas Reed on your bench, and you have TJ McConnell on your bench and a 16 teamer. And you're like, I'm praying that these guys are gonna get hurt. Like, you you eventually just lose your league when you do that. But to me, Nas is still one of those guys where he's he's good enough to play on a 4 game week when everyone's healthy and then Yeah. You're yeah. Alright. We gotta address this. Hold or trade Josh Giddey. I I mean, we don't have any more information than anybody else. The the league said they're looking into it. I think it's it said a lot to me that Josh Giddey played on Saturday. You know, didn't even do the token, you know, hold them out to just avoid any PR stuff. That would again, I'm just speculating here, but that would tell me that I think OKC at least feels like semi positively about this situation. I mean, I don't I don't wanna go into all the specifics. Who knows? I I don't, you I don't I don't I guess I don't see the thunder doing anything unless the NBA or, you know, the legal system steps in. Right? I mean, we've saw it. You know? I don't wanna necessarily compare it apples to apples to Miles Bridges, but we have that same conversation coming into the year, and it was like, should they do something? Maybe. But unless their hand is forced, I don't know if they will. Yes. I don't know if it's super relevant. I they at least add some context. The Thunder I think I heard Zach Lowe talk about this or someone else. The thunder are very protective of their players towards the media. You know, they don't they don't like a lot of internal access with the media. They don't like the media prying in on the locker room and stuff like that. So I'm not too surprised that he played. I don't think look. You should trade anybody if you can get comparable value. So I think if I if you're if specifically you, because we're all gonna have different levels of worry. Like, it's again, it's tough for me to say, but you might be really worried about it. Someone else might not be, so you can take advantage of that within your league. Mhmm. Your best I think your best move, regardless of how you feel about the situation and, is to target a player on another manager's roster who you think is undervalued or basically that's it. You think they'd be willing to give up, you know, someone that isn't playing that well and you think that purse that player can start playing better because I think Giddey kinda is who he is this year. So I think that's the move and you sort of hedge yourself against the possibility of suspension. Yeah. I mean, it's worth noting that, you know, Getty, like, the counting stats are good. So, like, depending on what kind of league you're in, like, if you're in a points league, you spend better than he has in category leagues. He's shooting 42% from the field, so that's gonna drag it down. But, you know, e even the, you know, the counting stats are down compared to last year in just about every category. So he's not it's not like you're you're trading somebody who's off to this, like, fantastic start and you feel like you're gonna take a big loss. Like, if you have any concern that he's gonna be suspended, like you said, there's there's a whole you know, there's 20 players you could probably make a list of and feel pretty good about getting back. Yeah. I don't I don't think you're gonna miss out on some, like, crazy, you know, second half run from Josh Giddey. So, yeah, try to get comparable value, try to target somebody with some upside. But even even even if you just get back like a relatively safe player and just kind of put this aside and don't have to worry about it anymore, I think that's probably fine too. Yeah. Because, sorry, just for for more context, like he ranks a 140th in 8 cat. Okay. So he and he ranked 73rd last year. So if you think maybe, let's say you think he can maybe get up to 73. There are guys right now, like Austin Reeves ranks 82nd. Keegan Murray ranks 91st. You know, Denny Avdia ranks a 109th. Like, there are gonna be managers who might think trading Denis Abdiya is worth the risk or something like that. So Yeah. That's just more context in terms of what he ranks. Mhmm. Yeah. And I I think Giddey has bigger name value than fantasy value right now anyway. So I I think there might be, yeah, there might be managers who don't think it's a big deal and are are willing to, you know, not really give you know, not, like, necessarily demand a discount, I guess, is what I'm trying to say. Alright. Ryan asked, would you trade Kate Cunningham, Pascal Siakam, and Herb Jones for Trae Young and Franz Wagner in a points league? So, her her Herb Jones is an interesting part of this. I think that's, like, it's almost its own discussion because he's playing really, really well right now, especially with the steals and blocks. I mean, he's one of the best defenders in the NBA, and his his passing has has increased substantially. The question you have to ask is like when McCollum comes back and when Trey Murphy comes back, you know, I assume Herb Jones usage craters. I assume his minutes maybe are more like high twenties as opposed to low thirties. So you're I to me, it's it's more so like you're asking about Kadin Siakam for Trey and Frans. And I think I would rather have Kade and Siakam in a points league. Yes. In a points league specifically, I think so. And and and then, you know, having a 3rd player in Herb Jones kinda puts that over the top. Yeah. In a Roto league, I would go the complete opposite side of this, but in points, yeah, I would I would hang on to those 3. Yeah. We've got another question just below this. Trey Murphy, we're stashing. I also have Herb Jones. Yeah. I mean, it's it's hard to say I Murphy, they've just given us no updates. I I know they said he's not gonna play. I think they played tonight. Yeah. They play at Utah tonight. He's not gonna be back for that. I think he's within a week or 2, so he's gonna be back soon. I mean, there's just so many moving parts here. Right? McCollum's gonna be back in the mix later this week. Alvarado's back. Not that it really affects Trey Murphy, but, you know, Dyson Daniels could kinda play up at at the wing as well. I I think eventually you know, I I think Dyson Daniels, you know, his minutes take a pretty big hit. I think Murphy, there might be a ramp up period. I I'd be pretty surprised if he's just playing 30 minutes tonight. Do you think we ultimately get a pretty even minute split between Jones and Murphy? I mean, kinda complete opposite players in some ways. So Murphy's a pretty good defender too. So that's the problem. It's like yeah. Technically, you're losing something because Jones is a better defender, but Murphy's also good on defense. So I I won't be surprised if Murphy's playing like 30 to 35 minutes a game and Murphy's closer or on, Jones is more like 25 to 30. For further context, I actually had Murphy in my 12 team n f b k c league. This is with 4 bench spots and no I r. I dropped him because I was dealing with so many other injuries and my team was bad, and I just had to get I just I couldn't I couldn't have him on my roster. Buggy has top 80 upside for sure. And I think you're talking about a 10 team league. I think he's still worth stashing unless your team is horrible. Like, if your team is horrible, you just need megs. But he's so close to returning. I might just wait and see. Yeah. He's he's he's hopefully, he's gonna return it within a week or 2. Alright. We'll go rapid fire, try to hit as many of the remaining questions as we can. Gonna be out of here, at about an hour. So we got 6 or 7 more minutes. Would you drop shade and sharp for Jade and Ivy? And this is a bit of a appreciate question because Ivy started the last 3 games. He had 25. That was easily a season high The other night against Indiana had 17 before that. I would rather have Sharp. I think they're very comparable if Ivy still plays this at this, you know, pace going forward. I don't I I just think, like, the the Pistons do something different every week. You know? And they still have guys that could come back and affect this rotation. I think Sharp is is frustrating and ultimately, you know, pretty inefficient on a lot of nights, and Simon is coming back. I get that. But I trust that Jaden Sharp is going to play 28 plus minutes most nights the rest of the way, and I don't think that's close to a guarantee for Ivy. Yeah. I was trying to sort of warn people about the sharp downfall that I thought was gonna happen. I think they're both overrated fantasy players. I'll I'll start there. But I'm with you. Yeah. I mean, look, Ivy had a great game the other night. Yeah. 30 percent usage rate. They finally got their starting 5 kind of in lock. I saw a great clip on Twitter. I feel like I've said that 3 times this podcast, but I've like him playing very good defense And that's really what Monty Williams wants from him, so I understand thinking it could it could happen. But I would I would still lean, Shaden. I don't think you need to drop sharp for Ivy. Ivy or Brad Miller. I don't know if it's a former former journeyman white center Brad Miller or I assume Brandon Miller. Ivy or Brandon Miller for the short term. I mean, you're working on the margins here. Right? I I don't necessarily love either of these options. I would try to wait and see on LaMelo if you can. Like, if he's gonna miss extended time, I I think there's some trickle down, and that that helps Brandon Miller who played 33 minutes, against Orlando last night. That was after LaMelo went out. I I would rather have Brandon Miller than Jaden Ivy. I would too, but I will say it depends what short term you're talking about. If you're asking, I'm I just need a guy to fill in for 3 weeks. Honestly, I might tell you, look to see who has more games over the next 3 weeks and just take that guy. Because to me, they're very similar. Like, it's practically a wash to me, and I I'm probably lower on Brandon Miller than most people. So I would say, just look at the game count. If someone's got significantly more great games than the other one, just go just go with that guy. Yeah. I I guess I I was really worried about the percentages with Brandon Miller, and he's he's out, like, 47% from the field, you know, around 80 from the line, 36 from 3. Like that if that's not that big of a concern, like, I I think the counting stats are gonna be there, especially Flamelo missed this time. But, yeah, it's not it's not a, you know, a huge lane in favor of 1 or the other, but I I'd go Miller. Let's see. Would would you try to get to Jontay Murray for Paul George, or would you stick with Paul George? I mean, chances are you could do this trade if you want. I think this trade is available for sure. If you if you have Paul George, I think someone would certainly consider that. I I think I would rather have Paul George, but I understand why you're asking, and I think it could end up anybody could win that trade because it's all it's an injuries trade. I've I I still I think I would rather have George, honestly. Yeah. He's playing well enough, especially post hard in that it's it's tough to give up on somebody who's basically been a 1st round player so far. So Yeah. This is something where I would hold on to George for, like, another month. And then if he still has not been injured close to the all star break, then maybe think about doing it for the stretch run, but I I wouldn't wanna give up on George quite yet. What are some fair trades to try to get Miles Bridges? Yeah. We I mean, we touched on a few earlier. I mean, you're it's gonna be tough to get him right now of all times. Right? I mean, I I think the time to trade for him was before he came back, and, obviously, he's looked great. And if Flamelo's out, that's gonna push his upside even higher. So I I think, you know, you're looking at either, like, 2 good players or one great player. I don't know. I mean, I I I guess the way I would look at it is trying to deal someone like Kawhi or or George or, you know, Durant, LeBron even. Not that I would do those straight up, but I would I would wanna be dealing an injury prone player who I am I am gambling in this situation that that player is going to get hurt. I think that's probably the move, or to use the name I used before, like an Anthony Simons. But I don't I don't think that gets a gun right now. Honestly, good luck because he's bridge is balling out of his mind. I I think I think what I think what Nick said is is spot on. Yeah. You're gonna have to give up somebody that you probably don't wanna give up. But I like I said, I would I'm not saying offer Kevin Durant straight up, you know, but, you know, it's gonna be it's so, again, somebody that you expect to get hurt, somebody who the person that you're Who? Kyrie? Kyrie. Yeah. I I would consider that. Absolutely. I think that's a good one. You know, and and, again, if you're trading someone like Durant or LeBron or whatever, you know, try to get something else back in addition to Bridges, but it's gonna take somebody with name value, because I I don't think any attentive manager is trying to get off of him right now. Would you take Keegan Murray or PJ Washington on your team thoughts on their upsides? I well, I think I would rather have Keegan Murray. He has more upside because he's more I mean, he's a part of Sacramento's core. Now has he been able to really scale up his usage when needed? Do they trust him a lot with the ball? No. Not really. But that's even more extreme for PJ Washington. Like, if PJ Washington's mostly a spot up shooter who can occasionally pump and drive and catch a lob here or there, But he also needs LaMelo, I think, to to really help him there. So I would take Keegan Murray. Yeah. I think Washington's been the better player so far. I think over the course of the year, I would give a slight lean to Murray. If you if you need any blocks, know, Washington could give you that. He had 3 blocks last night against Orlando. It's not always gonna be there. But he I mean, we think of Murray as this guy who's always launching for 30, which he is, but, I mean, PJ Washington is taking a ton of threes. Like, I mean, especially lately, you know, he's taken 9 in each of the last two games. He had an 11 3 pointer game, against Miami a couple weeks ago. So I don't I don't know that they're all that far off in terms of if you're looking at it from a 3 pointers perspective. I don't know. I I think I think I might go PJ Washington. I it's tough it's pretty tough to say. I've been I've been a little discouraged with Murray so far. Yeah. He's not shooting that well. I just assume that'll pop that'll pop back up. Alright. Fair enough. Let's see. Should I trade Malcolm Brogdon for Daniel Gafford category league, and he needs blocks? Is that too much to offer? No. I think that's fair. You know, Gafford's minutes, of course, are not consistent, but to me, this feels like his floor in terms of, like, his role this year. And Brogdon actually ranks below him in 8 cat, believe it or not, and is an injury risk and, risk of his role, you know, when when Simons comes back and scoop gets better or they trade him. So I I would do that. Yeah. I would I would take the effort there. Alright. Let's hit a couple more here. Who can I target with Laurie Markkanen? My fear is that he'll be shut down toward the end of the season. I'm trying to get a top 15 player with similar stats, but somebody from a contending team. You know, getting top 15 value is gonna be tough just because marketing, you know, is closer to, like, late second round value at this point. But I I understand your concern. I mean, we saw it at the end of the year last year with the Jazz and the Blazers shutting shutting guys down, and and certainly it looks like they could be in that boat again. Man, I I I feel like you're either gonna have to take somebody who, you know, feels like they're a little bit lower upside or, you know, somebody who has, like, an injury risk, something like that. I mean, I would love to say you could get, you know, like, Sabonis or or bridges. Like, are those realistic targets? Well, Bridges. Yeah. I could see somebody who who has Bridges being like, if someone's gonna give me Laurie Markkanen for him, then I'll do it. So I would say, yeah. I mean, I Bridges is fine. You know, maybe like a Desmond Bane or a a Tyler hero or something like that. You feel like you're losing yeah. You're you're probably losing that trade, but if you're that concerned, like, ultimately, this comes down to you. Like, I I think your concern is fairly valid given what they did did last year. This might actually be a better situation for a 2 for 1. You might wanna trade market in for someone else's, like, I don't even know what a good a good comparison would be. Like, you know, 2 players in, like, the, like Miles Turner and Tobias Harris. Maybe that's not enough, but that's sort of a that's sort of a construction, a 2 for 1. Yeah. I say float some offers. I mean, it sounds like you're being realistic. You got, you know, kind of your your correct target range. You know, you could you could try Bam Adebayo. I don't know somebody. I mean, he's having, like, kind of a best case start to the season. Maybe maybe his owner thinks that he'll regress. But I I think you are right in general to want to avoid that late season risk of marketing being shut down or just the Jazz being terrible. I mean, I think it's he's having a good year, but, you know, there's also a lot of nights where he's not playing that many minutes because they're getting housed by 30 in the Q4, and he's got, you know, terrible playmakers around him. So, yeah, I'm going through that with him. I'm going through that with Jaren Jackson. You know, 2 guys that are kinda difficult to get off of right now. Alright. We'll do a couple more. Is Bobby Portis worth an ad in a 10 team league? I don't think so. No. I mean, a 9 cat, he's def he's better in cats, but no. I, I don't think he is. I mean, he does fine, but 10 team, that's pretty shallow. You're better probably streaming the spot. Mhmm. Alright. Interesting question. We don't we don't talk a lot about, you know, roster diversification. I have 3 Magic players, and I drop one to diversify my team, asked Robin. You have Suggs, Cole Anthony, and Jonathan Isaac. This is coming from someone who has a 16 team league has Jeremy Grant, Deandre Ayton, and who else do I have from that team? I'm blank. Simon. Simons. Simon's, Jeremy Grant, and, Deandre Ayton. And I wish I didn't. Should you should you die diversify? Well, you don't necessarily need Jonathan Isaac. So I think that's your spot. Like, I don't mind having Suggs and Cole Anthony. My concern there would be what happens when Fultz comes back, you know, usage rate wise, but I think you're fine with that construction. You just gotta be wary of the Fultz thing. And, again, you don't need Isaac on your roster probably. Yeah. If that's if that's, like, the true concern, then, yeah, just get rid of Jonathan Isaac and and you're probably fine. Just kind of playing playing the matchups, seeing what happens with Fultz. And maybe you got to pick between those 2 each week, which is frustrating, but but ultimately fine. Alright. Let's see. Better 12 team category hold. Cool Bali, PJ Washington, Jaime Hawkeyes, or Xavier Tillman. For me, this comes down to 2 of those. What what's a you? I mean, Hawkeyes is my probably my guy here as we talked about at the top, but Kula Bali to me is more interesting than PJ Washington or Xavier Tillman. So to me, it's between Hawkeyes and Kula Bali, but you you like Washington more than I do. Yeah. I would say it's it's Hawkeyes or Washington for me. I mean, Kula Bali, I I understand it. I I get the other minutes, and they're on a bad team and, you know, that that should help him in theory. But Yeah. I I just think there's gonna be a lot of really down nights for Coolibali. And unless you you know, you're just desperate for the steals and blocks, he's just I don't think he's gonna help you a whole lot elsewhere. I think the 3 point shooting is gonna regress at some point. You know, he had basically, there's, like, 3 games that are kind of buoying that right now. He's not taking that many. I I just I don't really see there being a ton of upside. I mean, if we're talking, you know, like a keeper league or something, then obviously that's different. But rest of season for me, Hawkeyes versus Washington is really close. And, I I feel like I mean, I'm probably, like, way too high on PJ Washington, but the the Hawkeyes thing, I just I wanna see it, you know, when Hero's back and they they have so many options. Like, Cody Martin's missed a bunch of time too. Yeah. And with the Tillman, we should address Tillman. I mean, it his our our most recent note on rotor wire is return not imminent. So don't hold him. I mean, he's he wasn't playing that well even when he was starting, and Giambo's actually been solid for them. Yep. To piggyback off this, Ryan asked Sohan or Haquez in the 10 team points league. You know where I stand on Sohan. I'm I'm not I'm not all that interested. Maybe a slightly safer bet from a minutes perspective, but I I think is the better player. Points league makes it a little more interesting. But, oh, man. You know, Sohan's role is actually probably more stable. And from, like, a fantasy point per minute perspective, they're actually about the same. I might actually lean Sohan here even though I'm a Hawkeyes guy, but but a 10 team points league, I I think the the format leans that. Alright. Good one to end on here, Alex. Gonna ask you a very simple question from carpool flex. When it will Zach Collins stop playing with us? Maybe never. I don't know. I mean, I guess the I guess sort of, like, what were you expecting from Collins is sort of like the overarching question. Not to say, like, you've necessarily drafted him too high. He's he's ranked 85th right now. I guess it's the blocks production. Right? He he hasn't been blocking very many shots lately over the past 7 games. 0.3 blocks. That sort of a thing. We've talked about it before in regards to Jaren Jackson. Though blocks come and go, so you don't wanna freak out about that necessarily. Play next to Wembanyama makes the rebounds also incredibly inconsistent. In my opinion, he's been fine. So, hold him and just keep keep plugging him in. Yeah. The last two games have been bad, but before that, I thought he had a really nice run. I mean, he had, like, a 10 game run where he was 16 and 6, you know, averaging around the block per game. He gets some assists there as well. And he's also been shooting the ball horribly. He's, like, you know, one of his last 11 from 3. So I think that's pushing the percentages down a bit. Yeah. I I think you said it right. I mean, unless you thought Zach Collins was gonna be, like, a top 8 or a top, you know, 70, 60 guy, which was probably unrealistic, he's been about as good as he could for a team that's super dysfunctional and is kinda just get blown out half the time. So, yeah, I I think I think you're fine with Zach Collins. It's just, you know, a couple down games doesn't doesn't make or break the season. Alright, guys. We gotta head out. We appreciate everybody jumping in live. Everybody giving us some great questions to to push along the second half of the podcast. If you wanna go back and listen, you could find it archived on the rotor wire fantasy basketball YouTube channel. We we ask where, you know, I would go as far as to say, implore you to like subscribe to that channel, try to get that thing off the ground. It's been been great, you know, through the 1st month or so, but wanna try to build this out as much as we can this season. So, any interaction you'd give us there would be great. You could check out the archive version of the pod on apple podcast or Spotify. We will have Steve, doctor Ray Alexander back in the saddle tomorrow. I will be with Brandon Kravitz on Wednesday. Well, it's Steven Rick on Thursday, and then Alex, Ken, and Shannon giving you the weekly waiver wire episode on Friday.