Welcome everybody to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by Rona wires. Free trial at rotawire.com/try. I guess Friday, April 5th, 2024, Alex Barutha here, Shannon McEwen and Ken k train kritz. Oh, boy. Man, that was that was that's the whistle kinda messed up for some reason there. That was I guess that's, as My log capacity is limited. Yeah. Well, hey. Everybody who's listening, this will be our final sort of normal regular Friday podcast. We appreciate everybody who has listened. Tons of comments throughout the year. It's been a lot of fun. I recognize a lot of the names, you know, the regulars who stop by. We've really appreciated that since we've gone to a live format. It has been a lot of fun even though all of us have old man tendencies, and we're like, we don't wanna go on the live stream. Get these kids off my lawn. So we're we're gonna do a little bit of a different format today. We're still gonna give you some actionable advice to to start off the top. Each of us is gonna hand out 2, only 2 this week, waiver wire picks. And then For now. Right? Basically, it's like for daily leaks. Right? Yeah. For daily leaks. To win your finals right now. Yes. And then after that, we are going to review some of our sleepers and busts from from before the season. We had, I think, 3 sleepers videos and 1 bust video. So we're we're gonna grab some names from there, and we're gonna review, see how we did. But, yeah, that'll be be a little more relaxed way to end the Friday podcast. Although Ken will still have an old man rant, so stick around for that. I'm I'm just gonna kick things off with Shannon's Pistons, Chamezi Metu. Pistons have 4 games this week. Metu, despite Jalen Duran and James Wiseman being available, continues to play. Megads, he's playing some of the power forward, averaging look. Let's call let's call it a respectable 9 points, 5 rebounds, 2 assists with 2.5 stocks, in 26 minutes over the past 8 games. He's 5% rostered. Like, so if you're in a deep league, he's I mean, well, if you're in any league, he's available. Mattu is kind of a Mattu is kinda like a silly season veteran. Didn't he do this last year? Was it for Phoenix, or what was down the end, Mattu? Sacramento. He had he had a good spot starts for Sacramento. That's right. He's in Phoenix early this year. Right? Right. Yeah. Yeah. He's always kind of been in the mix. It was actually 2021. I'm looking at now. He was at 2021. He played a lot. 21 minutes a game. Anyway, Matthew's been there done that before. He can rack up numbers in April as as Shannon has seen with his very own eyes. Can let's let's just keep it rolling. I'm going to the mess that is Portland. We all know about Delano Banton, who's probably the silly season MVP, this year. But I'm bringing up a a name we've mentioned before, power forward, 21 year old Jabari Walker of your Portland Trail Blazers. He's only 15% roster on Yahoo, 2% on ESPN. The 21 year old has started the last 3 games. You just had 2 huge games for the depleted trailblazers. He's averaged 41 minutes, and that's what you wanna see during silly season. There's just a ton of minutes, a ton of opportunity. In those two games, he's averaged 16 points, 15 and a half rebounds, and 1 and a half triples. Shoots okay from the line. This additional chucking's not helping his field goal percentage. Portland has a game tonight, Friday, and a game Sunday, so 2 games. This is your finals week. Jabari Walker, my silly season last second player swap. I like it. He's been a favorite of mine on in DFS lineups whenever he gets spot starts. Another favorite of mine this year, we've talked about numerous times. My first suggestion, Taylor Hendrix forward for the Utah Jazz 17% rostered. He's been a top 90 player over the past week. He's been locked in as the starter, starting power forward since late February. But his production is really starting to pick up of late. He's averaging 13 points, 5.8 rebounds, 33 pointers per game, and 1.8 stocks in 31 minutes per over the past 4 games. Markkanen is our is basically ruled out for the season. John Collins has been ruled out for Friday. Clarkson Kessler, both, nursing what seemed to be minor injuries. But Like, you're you're at 7 starting tonight. There you go. There you go. So there should be plenty of minutes and and more looks at more looks than than usual for Hendrix, for the last handful of games. So I like him quite a bit as a free agent pickup. The the Jazz well, first of all, I agree with everything you say. But the Jazz, on March 30th saying that Lori Markkanen will be reevaluated in 2 weeks. Yeah. Do you think we're stupid? I mean, seriously, are are we dumb? The season ends on 14th. Yeah. My god, man. They really, really, really wanna make sure they don't give that pick away. Who who gets their pick on the wild chance? They've already locked it in, but they it was like a not if they didn't hit the worst ten, it was top 10 protected or something. Yes. It goes through. Protected. Somebody was getting their pick. Like, everyone knew they'd be tanking. Outgoing. OKC. Okay. Wait. Yeah. Yeah. That's from the the old power forward center that used to be a Jazz. Derek Favors salary dump. Favors. Thank you. Yes. Yes. Yes. What a legend. Sam Presti. Sam Presti, you are the you are the man. Okay. My second suggestion, Dyson Daniels of the New Orleans Pelicans, coming off a long absence, but he's back over the past 3 games. He's got 2 steals in each game. I think he only played 11 minutes in the first one, but the past two games have been great for him. A total of 25 points, 9 rebounds, 8 assists, and 4 steals in 46 minutes. Pelicans at 4 games this week. Brandon Ingram is still out with the hope that he can be back, before the end of the regular season. But until that happens, Daniels is, he's gonna keep playing more minutes. Yeah. Over 21 minutes each the last two games. I I'm gonna I'm gonna go with a repeat. Miles McBride, granted he is rostered in 55% of Yahoo, but only 25% on e on ESPN. Look. We know Tibbs loves to play, guys. Once they crack the rotation, they stay there for about 60 minutes a game. That has happened to McBride. He has started the last 9 games for the Knicks and averaged, get this, over 9 games. This is high by Thibodeaux standards. 45 minutes a game. I know there's some overtime in there, but 9, he's averaging 45 minutes a game for the Knicks. 19 points, over 3 assists, 1.5 stocks, shooting almost 50% from the field and 90% from the stripe. If you need buckets, if you need percentages, he's hitting almost 4 threes a game. Make sure Miles McBride is check to see if he's available on your waiver wire. Yeah. I I still I go back every time McBride's brought up. I go back to a a a listener or user or watcher question, a viewer question. Grimes or McBride for the for the Knicks that we had earlier this year. You know, Pistons legend, Quentin Grimes, who made all of, 6 appearances since being traded to Detroit and shut down for the season. My my second waiver wire pickup, we're gonna get sassy with it. It's the last of the year, so I'm going with the Detroit piston. Marcus Sasser, 3% rostered on Yahoo. Cade Cunningham's already been ruled out for Friday's game against the Grizzlies. Sasser's the guy who usually gets those spot starts, in 5 spot starts this year. Sasser's averaging 10.6 points, 4.8 dimes, 1 steal, and 1 point 2 3 pointers in over 31 minutes per game. The another option that you can look at look at, in Detroit with Kate out would be Malachi Flynn, who I'm sure Alex or Nick or someone talked about in a recent episode. He just dropped one of the most unlikely 50 pieces ever in NBA history. Just dominating against the Dejounte Murray's defense. I think Flynn is actually gonna be a stream. He's been a regular off the batch. He's top 30 minutes a couple of time. I think 3 out of the past 7 games. He he's not gonna put another 50 piece on anyone, but he he could be a sneaky stream in daily leagues if if the Pistons are shorthanded. Yeah. I I did wanna mention Malachi Flynn, but I'm like, I do. I really think, you know, we is he really a pickup? You know, I mean Yeah. It's tough. I I do recommend for tonight. Like, I think Sasser is gonna be the guy. If I was doing the DFS lineup, I'd go with Sasser. I think Flynn will be more, rostered and maybe more of a a popular pickup based on the most recent game. But Sasser's probably gonna get the spot start again. You know? Flip flip it and reverse it if, if Monty does something crazy and starts Flynn, though. Okay. Sasser not shy about shooting. Right, Shannon? I mean, he's gonna Not at all. And and he's he's actually been pretty broke lately. He's gonna probably have a game where his threes are actually following following. He's only shooting, like, 25% and spot starts from downtown. If he has a game where where he's actually hitting, he can pop off for 25, 30 points. Alright. Well, gentlemen, before we review our sleepers, let's get into some fan feedback. We do have some fabulous regular fans posting some questions. We're gonna start with Matt. Show his question here. Who do you like best for head to head ESPN points league? Struce, Oubre, or Rui Hatcherimura? I will throw in there depending on if it's daily moves leagues. Just check your game schedule and what days you need games. So you have as many players playing as many nights as possible. So a one player may be better, but if it's on a night where you've only got 10 spots and 12 active players, who cares if you need in the next day, you only got 5 active players, get a 6th. But, anyway, back to Matt's question, Struss, Oubre, or Hajimura? I think I would go Hachimura, but I I can understand Wang and Oobre as well. It's just with Embiid back. Maxie's also playing. Yeah. His shots could go down a little bit, and and Hachi Moore has got, like, double double upside, and has just been playing really well. I'm gonna go with Oubre. I I like him a little bit more for points based leagues. Oubre one of Oubre's bigger dings is the fact that his field goal percentage can be a risk. That's obviously out the window in a points based league. And Oubre's he's pretty much been locked in the starting lineup. It's also it's encouraging that he started last night's game against Miami, even with Embiid and Maxey both playing. I I believe they both played. Right? Let me double check that. Yep. They did. Yep. They did. So both those guys playing and Oubre remained in the starting lineup. He played 41 minutes. He still got his points. He had 18 and 8. I like Oubre for points based leagues. It's really Buddy Hield who's taking the back seat with those 2 coming back. Alright. From Christian, good morning, fellas. I have one move left to make for a pickup in my championships. Thoughts on Memphis guard, Jordan Goodwin. I I like him as a pickup. I'm pretty sure it's gonna be hard for me to double check the 6. We've got him in our starting lineup tonight on the lineups page. Well, he's on a two way contract and that's been that's been the reason for his up and down, but the g league season is over for a lot of teams. But but there's also that whole game count thing, right? They got to keep them under the game count. I know they were doing that with Pippen junior too. Okay. I think once the g league season is over, they're just good to go. Okay. Like, they're they can just play. And the g league season ended for a lot of teams. So I'll try to double check that quickly. But, I like Jordan Goodwin assuming he is gonna play. And I by all accounts, we we believe he's available tonight. And, to your point about gonna play, gonna not play 5 DNP's in the last 9 games. I don't know what that's based on. Certainly hasn't been much injury stuff. I thought it was silly. Yeah. G league stuff, two way contract stuff. When he plays, pretty awesome. Yeah. Over the past 3 games, he's played 3 games in a row. 27 minutes for 11 points, 12 rebounds, 5 assists. I like him as a pickup, but like like Alex and Ken alluded to, you have to double check his availability and make sure he's able to play. Alright. Let's go to Michael. Use we just he he just used his last waiver move through and replaced, Ahmed Thompson with Alex Caruso, the Bulls. Thoughts? Yeah. If that's, I mean, if that's if that's what you need, if you need the what Caruso, is giving you compared to Thompson. I mean, Thompson is he rolled his ankle yesterday. So who knows there? And his his offense is kinda taking a small downturn. So I think I think it's a fine move to make. That, you know, it all depends on who's playing what nights and how how do you maximize your gameplay? Because those guys are pretty equal stats wise. I'm not sure it matters one way or the other. I I think it's a good swap. It's a good swap because, I mean, one, what happened with Thompson's offense production, it it it really aligned with Cam Whitmore coming back as well. Because Cam Whitmore has been in the rotation again for 3 games. Thompson's remained in the starting lineup, but Whitmore is playing 20 plus minutes off the bench. He was 6 for 14 last night with 17 points, and the ankle injury, of course, you know, for Thompson. He played 30 minutes last night, but he had to leave the game early with that ankle injury. I do worry about his availability for the next game or 2. Well and the Rockets are kinda out of it now that they lost to the Warriors. Right? So I'm not sure how to push them. Let's get some nice words from Matt Carmody, loyal fan of the show. Thanks, guys. Your advice has been a big help all season. Help to get all 4 of my teams into the finals. Lost 1 in week 21, but I have a good chance with the other 3. Alright. Thank you, Matt. And then let's see. From Kenny, thanks for all the advice in the past for the Saturday, Sunday play. Would you play Struce, Rouxie, Lowry, or Cameron Payne? We are kinda talking about Struzan Rui already. I know you prefer Hachimura. How do you buy Kyle Lowry? Lowry with no e, or Payne relative to Rui? I don't I don't like either of those guys more than Ruhi. So I I would go, I would go Struess or Ruhi there. I'll throw in. You you never know when the Lakers are gonna give Davis or Jain Lebron a big rest night if they're locked into the plan or not, and then Ruiz is gonna get monster minutes. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I like Ruiz. Give me Ruiz there. Alright. This from admiral Julian Champagne versus New Orleans. Brian Sensabaugh, rookie versus the Clippers. Wiggins or Wallace versus Indy. I think that's the highest over under the night that OKC Indy game or Sasser at Memphis. I'm getting sad. Yeah. Let's go. Let's go with Sasser. I think Sasser is the big upside. Right? Pistons, how many how many healthy bodies the Pistons even have for that game? I mean, they're starting Troy Brown for goodness sakes. It's been fun. Alright. Let's see. We got more thanks, but those are from guys we already replied. I think that's it for fan feedback. Alright. Now we go to, the fun section of the show where we talk about how, amazing we did before the season with our sleepers and bus or how terrible we did. Wow. So, yeah, we had a few videos where we did this. I we just ripped the names off of, off of a few of them. I did not rewatch all of them to see all of our in-depth arguments, but I'm gonna assume we can just unlock that part of our brain to have an argument and just we'll we'll just go from there. Can't remember my neighbors' names, but I do remember some of that sleeper logic. Yes. We'll we'll start with the sleepers, and then we'll we'll go to bust. So we each have, I think, 3. So my first one was Desmond Bane, who ended up having a cumulative ADP of 39. But I do remember I when I saw the video very quickly that I mentioned him, and his underdog ADP was, like, 52 when I had mentioned him, which was kind of ridiculous. You know, sleeper if you think someone's a sleeper that high in a in a draft, you know, that there's an argument there. But Bane was awesome when he was balling out because he wasn't in there. You know, tragic that ankle injury. You know, I was all in on Bane. I'm like, I'm not getting these old farts that are gonna get hurt. Bane's young. Mhmm. Yeah. When Bane played, he ranked 29th in 8 game, earning a cat. So It was a great run. It was a great run. It was a great run. Who is, who is your first first sleeper? Old man, Mike Conley, ADP of 131 wound up with an 8 category per game value of 86. And, actually, his totals were really good too because he only missed 6 games despite being 36 years old. He played 29 minutes a game. He had 6 assists a game. He shot an elite 90% from the free throw line and hit 2.13 triples per game. My logic here was they had no decent backup point guard. They were all in on Conley. He was not only gonna start, but see a ton of minutes. You know, they added Monte Morris late at the trade deadline, but this team just didn't have a true point guard. Conley was a steady Eddie veteran that not sexy, but a great end of draft pick because you always need assists. You always need assists. Yeah. Who is who is your guy, Shannon? Do I have to do this? Alright. We all did this. Alex, not doing any favors with your first name. Tall Talon Horton Tucker, THT, who was the starting point guard for the Utah Jazz at the beginning of the season. I know was. Briefly. It it's hard to remember back that far. But he started the first, 8 or 9 games for Utah. And over that stretch, you know, he averaged 10 points, 5.6 assists. He also shot 38% from the floor, 32% from downtown, 71% from the free throw line. So so, obviously, it was a points based recommendation, but he has been an absolute stinker this season. Keontae George, Colin Sexton, much better names to roster from that backcourt. His ADP THT's ADP was 150. His 8 cat per game ranking was 222. That's the same. His I sadly watched a lot of those point guard games. He had his was his go to play early in the season. He would barrel in a confused manner towards the basket. He would fall down on his bottom, and the ball would mysteriously go out of bounds, and then he would get mad at the ref for his incompetent. So he I understand why I like him as a player so much. He he he mirrors my game. So So alright. But, yeah, I mean, an ADP of 150, given what we had saw for him in the preseason and the indications that he could start at point guard, how are you not gonna draft him if he was there? You know, that's that's that's that is the classical end of draft flyer that may have worked out. As we said, you always need assists. You always need assists. Latest sister. Huge. They are. My second sleeper, I can't quit him. Naz Reed. He's your sleeper every year. He's he's he's just buying Naz Reed. Yeah. Bump. Bump. His ADP was 149, despite the fact that he played 18 megats a game the season before and was 167th in 8 cat. And it's like, well, if he even sees a little more time here or there when when Karl Anthony Towns gets hurt, then it's a win. And for a lot of the season, you know, Reed didn't necessarily have to be rostered in 12 team leagues. He was more of a streamer. But if you have like a 16 team league or a 14 team league and managed to hang on, now is your payoff. Right? Averaging, like, 18 and 6 with the we we know what Nasri can do when he starts. So, I just felt like he was not being price enforced the way he should have been in deeper leagues. I'm gonna give you a runway, Kevin. The smartest thing I did this past fantasy basketball season, be all in on Boston Celtic, Derrick White. Had an unbelievable ADP of a 100, and I get it. They had 4 stars in their starting lineup and Derek White, but he is ending the season in 8 category total stats. He's ranked 16th on the rotor wire Raider. This is his 1st season of 30 plus minutes a game. He's playing 33 minutes a game. His 1st season with over 5 assists a game, he is really Boston's point guard, not Drew Holiday. So many times on offense, they put Holiday in the corner. Holiday has really become a free and d guy for them. He's having the best 3 point shooting of his career, Holiday, because they're playing to his strengths. He's not gunning from the top of the key. He's sitting from the corner, and they're letting Derrick White run the offense. He was coming off an 82 game season last year. He's only missed 6 games this year. Some of that was the birth of a child. Kids. But, anyway, d White, also the shaved hair, clearly more aerodynamic, more dad looking. All all came together for d White. Love him. I I'm most amazed by the fact my worry with d White was just he's gonna be the clear number 5 option. Mhmm. But the way the Boston Celtics manage their rotation, manage the avail availability of all the players to try to, I'm assuming, keep them healthy for a lengthy playoff run, really, really, helped And I Elevate weights weights ranking. And he is a higher priority than Holiday on the offense. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think really the 3rd option. I think they realized Holiday was kind of miscast as a true point guard in Milwaukee. Like, Holiday really is more of like an off guard, who was sort of forced to play point guard. And to your point, Ken, I mean, we all kinda know this in the back of our heads. Holiday's averaging 12 points a game this year. Yeah. Like, he just does not really score that much. You know what? No one in Boston's complaining about it. They're just play great defense. When Holiday starts manning up the other team's power forward on the block on defense, Boston fans, we go nuts. We god, we love it. Our point cards ball, you know, is an immovable object like a younger Kyle Lowry on the block for their bigs. They we were putting them on Randle. When Randle was healthy for the Knicks, we'd have a holiday guard. We didn't care if he scored 10 points that game. We just love the fact that it's banging Randle. Yeah. Holiday Holiday is the biggest 6 foot 4 205 I've ever seen. Yes. Yeah. He's a better version of Marcus Smart. You you know what? For yeah. It's true. Except for emotionally. You're right. No one in Boston's complaining about these trades. I'll tell you that much. But we still love you, Marcus. Alright. Let's keep it moving, Shannon. This is gonna be a 2 hour podcast. Yeah. My my second sleeper was Jalen Suggs, guard for their Orlando Magic ADP of 155. 8 cap per game ranking of 97. The biggest question I mean, one is great. Suggs Suggs was basically locked into the starting lineup all year, which obviously helped his overall value. One of his question marks through his first two years in the NBA was his efficiency. Yeah. Was he gonna be efficient efficient enough to be a fantasy asset? And that turned out to be the case this year. He shot 46 a half percent from the floor, 40% from downtown, 75% from the free throw line. That would be nice if that would improve, but he he's given you enough threes, enough steals to really be an impact fantasy player. 2.13 pointers per game, 1.4 steals. Suggs is is one of my late round darts that actually worked out this year. Yeah. And, you know, Markelle Fultz missed a lot of the season. Anthony Black just not ready, really. Yeah. Really. For the minutes that helped, but I think Suggs it wasn't just that those guys not being ready or being out fueled Suggs to the Suggs improved dramatically as a player. So that was that was a great call out. You know, they they tried to have Black run away with that gig, and he did not. He he kinda confuses me as a prospect. But Very good deep very good perimeter defensive player at a very young age, which is hard to do. If his offense if he if he figures it out, I still like Anthony Black's long term upside. Well, and frankly, it's Suggs' defense that has kept him along with his offensive struggles. And he's that you were betting on some draft pedigree there too, Shannon, which made sense. Of course. Alex, take us to Washington for your sleeper that panned out. My man, Denny Abbiah. You know, I mean, the first few months of the season, it I would say he had kinda done what he what he had been doing. Right? It just it was, like, 10, 6, and 3. Just very normal numbers. But then your Washington bullets kicked in. And, Yeah. I mean, the last I I mean, you can you know, there's a sample that goes from January. I mean, you know, if you wanna take it shorter, longer, whatever. But since the new year, Optia is averaging 17 points, 8 rebounds, 4 assists, for 33 fantasy points a game, which is pretty good. And the bet, you know, the bet was just like, this team isn't very good. They drafted him. I think it was 9th. Yeah. They drafted him 9th. Still really young. I think they wanna give him a shot. And, yeah, that that worked out. I also had a misguided thought that they might deal Kuzma at the deadline. Well, that They did. They should have. I mean, they should have they probably should have told Avdia to be I mean, they should deal this whole team. Avdia is young. He's on a rookie deal. He could be a piece that you know, I don't think anyone I don't know if they were getting many phone calls for Avdia, frankly. But I don't know. You could you could make a case to trade anyone on the Wizards. Very true. Ken, let's go to your your next sleeper. I went to Milwaukee, your backyard, gentlemen, and went with old man Brook Lopez, who shamefully had an ADP of 92 despite center scarcity. He wind up with 9 category total stats value ranking of 26. Despite being 36 years old, Lopez has only missed 3 games this season, and he's getting the much desired two point 4 blocks a game while also hitting almost 2, 3 pointers a game, elite percentages. Look. I get it. Lopez doesn't rebound. But, honestly, it's a lot easier to get rebounds off the waiver wire than it is to get blocks. Lopez Lopez's game is not based on athleticism. He stands near the rim. He blocks shots. Probably can do that till he's 47. You know, he doesn't he bear he catches the ball, and he shoots the ball from 3. It's not you know, he doesn't need to be in the greatest shape of his life. It's okay that he's old. I hope his ADP is low again next year. Brook Lopez. Don't care for his those Allstate or those insurance ads he's doing. I don't find those very funny. But, otherwise, an excellent fantasy play. Yeah. I think I think people hate that he you look at his box scores and you're like, really? 7 points, 4 rebounds from Brook Lopez? You know? Yeah. 3 blocks, 2, you know, a steal, Great percentages. Comes out of the. Yeah. Shagun, let's, let's give you a sort of a a victory parade here on this one. Yeah. Another another successful sleeper, Cam Thomas for the Nets. Yeah. Thomas, his ADP was in the 150 range, and his 8 cap per game value for the season was 115. He was much better in points based leagues. He averaged 22 points per game while while hitting, 2.13 pointers. His production only went up the latter half of the season as Ben Simmons and other players kind of fell out of the rotation or were out for the rest of the year for the Nets. And Cam Thomas has basically been locked in as a starting shooting guard for Brooklyn. It's absolutely bonkers to me that he is the leading scorer on the team. He he's score he's he outscored Michael Bridges who was a darling at draft time, you know, a routine, top 30 pick. He Bridges averaged 20.3 points per game this year. If there's one thing Cam Thomas does, it it's score buckets. He could be a little bit more efficient from the field, but he didn't kill you there. I mean, 44 a half percent doesn't kill you. So solid overall player and a good fantasy value this season. He also started to chip in in other stats at the, like, back 3rd of the year. I think he got the message that if he wants to keep playing, he needs to do more than just gun. Be interesting to see what this Nets starting 5 is like next year because they didn't make any progress with this young quarter this year. But, yeah, you're right. I think in February, if you take his February numbers onward, I haven't done this for both players. I think he's averaging more points and assists than McHale Bridges and maybe even more rebounds. His dimes went up. His his other stat production, some the new coach coaching staff got in his ear and he he started to do more than just shoot. Okay. You want some super weird news before we go on to busts? Yes. My phone is blowing up here. You probably saw me cheating at it. We just experienced an earthquake here in Vermont, which Oh. Has never ever happened to my knowledge. Minor earthquake. It was a lot worse near my where my kids work, but, I didn't feel anything. Probably come too fat or just assumed it was gas. I was supposed to say you're too drunk. So you're you're like, earthquake. We also got 6 inches of snow yesterday. What the hell is going on? It's spring. It's April. We also got news. Maybe this was the earthquake. Brownie James has declared for the 2024 NBA draft, also entered the transfer portal. That's So I assume he it's probably more likely he transfers than gets drafted, but that's that's happening. Alright. Are you guys ready to move on to our busts that we had this season? I'm just gonna assume yes because we're doing it. A lot of these, at least on my end, were based on, like, injuries, and the guys, like, didn't get hurt. So Yeah. Yeah. And that happens sometimes. I will say my first one, Kristaps Porzingis, was it was part injury, part what is really going on in Boston in terms of like who is gonna run the show, what's everybody's touch is gonna look like. His ADP was 43. This year is 8 cat total is 47. At least when I looked at it, now I'm seeing 56, but that could just be other guys, you know, Malachi Flynn stepping up. But, yeah, Porzingis, you know, still 20 points a game, was great on defense, you know, 1.9 blocks a game, really efficient, you know, a lot more rim running, bullying, smaller players, getting efficient shots. And I really wasn't counting on Jrue Holiday take if you would have told me Jrue Holiday was gonna average 12 points a game, I would have said, okay. Those shots are probably going to Porzingis. So I was wrong about that. And he also stayed relatively healthy. He's played 54 games. So, depends on what you think. I mean, when they made that deal for Porzingis, they said right away, we need more of a presence on the block. And everyone here was like, isn't he kinda soft? Is he really gonna but he did post guys up. You're like, his post up is more like, I'm 7 inches taller than you, so I'm just gonna do a turn jumper and just shoot over the top. But from 4 or 5 feet out and hit this, you know, fantasy wise, he's great if you're in a daily league and you have the time every day to see if he's playing or not. And if you're not in the daily league, oh, it could be so you're in a week's setting your lineup of Porzingis every week can be maddening. Mhmm. Just knowing how many games he's gonna play. Alright, Ken. Who was your first bust? My first bust and my top, really, best bust, I was, not keen on Josh Giddey coming into this season. He had an ADP of 56. And right now, 8 categories total stats. He's at 87. So I'm gonna pat myself on the back for that one. Mostly my thinking was, 1, Chet Holmgren. 2, Jalen Williams continuing to improve his game. I expected a nice sophomore breakout season from Williams. And 3, I just don't think Giddey's are ideal fit with SGA. I think they need more of a true catch and shoot shooting guard. Giddey's more of a pound the rock, needs to drive to the basket, does not draw a lot of fouls when he does drive to the basket, which is also a problem. Not great percentages. I think with this huge Trevor Trove of picks, Giddey's scenario is gonna just continue to get worse. Also, I thought his stats were padded a lot in prior seasons when SGA was out, and Giddey was, like, the option in the backcourt. All of that made combined for me picking Giddey as a as a bus pick. Yeah. And there were there were some down points for Giddey in the middle of the season. Like, December through February, he was seeing 24 minutes a game. He was the first starter out often. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't know. I wouldn't be surprised if he's kind of the odd man out in their future and they traded him. Try to get some guys who fit better. Yeah. Maybe maybe some of the off the court stuff will have to do with that. We'll see. We'll see. That I did not predict. Jalen Green for the Rockets, ADP of 81. I'm gonna call this win. His total ranking looks solid. Total for the season, he's in that 70 range. But if you look at his per game production and per game rankings and specifically from the rotisserie side, he hasn't been that value valuable. He he's about 139 on a per game level for 8 category rotisserie. Averages look okay, 20 points, 5.1 rebounds, 3.5 assists. But some of his flaws are still there. He's at he he hit 42.6% from the from the, from the field, 33 a half percent from downtown on the season. There has been enough flashes though, and he's had a couple of really big stretches, including one that just really wrapped recently, from March 14th to March 29th, for instance. He averaged 33.8 points, 7.8 rebounds, 4 assists, 1.4 steals in 38 minutes per game. He was hitting threes at a much higher clip during that stretch, 5.33 pointers made per game and 48% shooting. Essentially, he had a couple, like, 2 week hot stretches. But overall, his stats took a dip. I mean, from last year, he averaged 22.1 points per game for the Rockets in his sophomore season, and that dipped to currently under 20 points per game. So I consider that a win. I still I do have, I I'm optimistic that Green can hit another level after his couple hot streaks that we saw this year. But there's still too much inconsistency and inefficiency for me to maybe draft him above ADP next year. It was a good bus call till about February or late February, and then he March. Yeah. Off March. Streaky. I wonder how many people sold low on him, even cut him in 10 category or ten teamers, and then he just explode. How I don't know how you predict him just somehow everything clicks in March of all times. That was crazy. You don't. I mean, in in December, he averaged 15 points a game on 30 37% shooting for a month. So, yeah, I think that's I think that's fine to to give yourself a win there, Shannon. My next bus pick, Anthony Davis, because I was like, this man's gonna get hurt. You can't draft him 13th, which is where he was going. Turns out, he didn't get hurt, and he's the 3rd best player in fantasy. Total value. And, you know, you can put old man LeBron right there too. You assume both Oh, yeah. Are gonna miss big chunks of the season. They didn't. People drafted them cheap, and they're in the finals now. 80, he's played 72 games. He's gonna he might he's gonna re maybe reach 75 games this year. Unbelievable. That'd be a career high. It would match a career high, 75 games. Yes. Which he has not done since 2017, 18. So look. I mean, it he stayed healthy. He's been amazing. It's not just it's not just that he stayed healthy. Right? He's been awesome. He's ranked 5th in Fantasy per game as well. The only thing is I'm gonna say that if I employed this strategy, each of the past 8 years, it would have paid off more than it wouldn't have. So next year, I will also be calling him a bust. They also got nothing 6 games. They got nothing out of Christian Wood too, even when Wood was healthy and then he got out for the year. But, they got yeah. Alright. I also went with a big name bust. I remember the time I was just arguing with people that thought he was the number 1 or 2 pick. But Luka Doncic, I I is ADP of 3 when I called him a bust, and an 8 category totals, he's at 4. You know, I didn't really I think you were I I watched your argument on this because I'm like, Luke it's Kent thought Luca was gonna be a bust. You were talking about 9 cat because you're like a turnover. You thought his his turnovers are too high. Yeah. I will to his credit, he did improve his free throw percentage from a bad 74% to a more tolerable, tolerable 78%. I did not expect that because his 3 prior years were 74% or worse. So he shot a career high 78% from the line, and he still managed to shoot 49% from the field on very high volume. That's fantastic. But you're right. It was all a 9 category argument, and his turnovers did go up from 3.6 a game last year to 4 point to 4 turnovers again this year. Thank you for rewatching my argument. It's coming back to me. Yes. It was all about 9 category. Great points league, and he's on my FSGA, finals team. That is a points league. So, hopefully, Luka gets me that championship ring they hand out at the FSGA. Come on, baby. My next bust was Paolo Banchero for the Orlando Magic, similar to Jalen Green. And Carroll is fine in points based weeks. Very solid. Saw nice growth in his sophomore season. But in rotisserie leagues, not that great. I mean, it really was about depending on the ranking system for totals in the 100 range. If you go to per game, he's in that 70 range. I've seen him as low as 150 for rotisserie rankings for 9 category leagues. Banchero, it was a top 50 pick. I mean and and oftentimes, he would go above his ADP because people were expecting that sophomore breakout. But 22 and a half points, 6.8 rebounds, 5.3 assists. He jumped up from 3.7 to 5.3 assists. He's he's kind of that, prime playmaking Blake Griffin, that that one and a half, 2 years where Blake Griffin was doing that. That's what Ben Carroll reminds me of this year. But the the inefficiency is really what drag him down. 71.3% from the free throw line. It's tough to get over that. If he really is gonna be an elite fantasy option, he needs to get that up to, like, 80, and actually do something on defense as well. Decent decent on defense, but 1.5 stocks. He needs more than that. So solid growth as a player. I still love his upside long term, but he has some holes as a fantasy player. Better points league guy than rotisserie guy for sure. Yeah. I mean, shooting his shooting is still really up and down. Like, you look at the percentages across the whole year, like field goal percentage, 3 point percentage. You know, he mentions free throw percentages down. But if you go, like, the month by month splits, it's just really like in December, 28% from 3. 2 months later, 38% from 3. You know, free throw percentage. He shot 78% from the free throw line in March, 69% in January. Like, he still is really inconsistent. His shot's kinda weird. It's a lot of wrist. Like, you're watching him. He's like, he pulls up, but he just flicks it. It was almost like a 2 hand flick shot with his wrist. Kinda bizarre. I don't know what his upside is there, but, yeah, I think he's definitely a better points lead player than category lead player, which is important to know when you were drafting and looking at ADPs. Alex, take us to the flat earth. Kyrie Irving. You know, I was thinking, on Monday, I'm going to see the the eclipse. And I was wondering, is Kyrie Irving, is he going to be there, or is he going to, like, denounce it? I really don't know. Like, what is his take on the on the solar eclipse? I would love to know. But, yeah, Kyrie, my my argument was, look, there's the off the court stuff. Maybe that results in absences, maybe it doesn't, but he had not been a healthy player his entire career before that. He's an injury prone player who had played 70 games twice in his career, 3 times, sorry, in his career. Basically like Anthony Davis level health. I was like, you do not draft this guy 26 because he will not play 65 games for you. He's played 54 games right now. He is 36 than 8 cat total. So if you drafted him at 25, it's not the reason you lost your league. Let's put it that way. He's been fine. Like, he's had a really good year. Like, super low turnovers, his usual 25 points, 5 assists, good efficient I mean, great efficiency, I should say. Not good. He's he's 50, 40, 90 right now. But I it's just something where I don't think he's almost ever gonna get you your value on on 25 for ADP just because of his of the injury absences and the fact he's 32 now. Yeah. Named he's a lot of name value. A lot of name value. Yeah. Here's one one interesting stat for Kyrie. A career low, 1.8 turnovers per game while still averaging over 5 assists. I think that's, that's nice to see playing alongside Luca. Well, that's all Luca. Right? That's just Luca being the real point guard. He's not handling the ball nearly as much. Alright. I had a bus pick that did not pan out. Much really same logic as Anthony Davis. I was shying off of Kevin Durant, which wound up being the demise of our NFBKC team Shannon I know. Durant's had an ADP of 13, and he exceeded that. In fact, a category total. He ranked 6th because he played 69 games, which is a 4 year high for Kevin Durant. He was coming up with 35 year old, was coming off a 35 then 55 then 47 game season. I did not expect anything north of 65 games for Durant, and I was wrong. Another example how this was the weir year that all the gotta get hurt guys did not get hurt. Mhmm. I wonder how that's gonna affect ADPs next year. If people are gonna if people are gonna be like, well, the 65 game rule worked. These guys are never gonna get hurt now. Like, that's not really I don't think that's really what happened. I don't think Derek cares about his trophy case. I think he was just unusually healthy this year and wanted to keep playing. Plus, they desperately needed him with Beal's health and wasn't Booker out for Booker missing time too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, Shagun. It's time. You gotta put a bow on this thing. Alright. The, worst bus call of all, Victor Wenbayama. Wembley was an ADP of 20 during draft season. At the time, I I don't think I'd ever recall seeing a rookie being drafted in the top 20. Or, you know, maybe LeBron James, maybe, but it's very, very rare that you see a rookie being drafted in one of their first two rounds. That was the case with Wembley. And not only was he well worth, that that late second round pick, he would have been worth a top five pick because on total production, Wembley was the 5th overall player in 8 category leagues. And per game production, he was the 6th overall player. And it the per game production doesn't doesn't surprise me too much that he's top 10. It it it surprises preseason me. Absolutely. But the fact that he was able to play enough games, he's played 67 games so far, and have a top five total production in his rookie season is just bonkers. I did not believe that he was gonna be, you know, looking at his his stats from overseas, the block totals weren't that impressive. The they were they were well they were well below what most sites were projecting for him in in the black block category. I thought the the percentages could be an issue, but Wembley's been fantastic. And, you know, it's very, very easily could be the number one pick in Fantasy next year. I agree. As far as next year, very easily would be the number one pick. I was with you though, Shannon. I looked at that slight frame and thought some teams are gonna bully him. I thought the Spurs are gonna be terrible even with Wembley. So they're gonna rest them a lot. Popovich, always happy to give guys a rest when the games don't matter. And yet we saw these great quotes most of the season from Wembley, but I wanna keep playing. I care about our win total now. I'm not I'm not tanking. It's through an interpreter. Maybe the interpreter's smart. I don't know. He just said the right things. But, you know, maybe it wasn't through the interpreter, actually. I don't know. But anyway, the game count was awesome, and I thought it would be terrible too. Yeah. Well, I think it's through through the 1st October through February. He played 28 minutes a game and if he would told most people actually most people thought he was only gonna play 20 minutes a gate or 28 minutes a game, you know, and they're like, well, how good can you really be? Yeah. I mean, everybody who drafted them in that 15:15 to 25 range. Well, you know, while we're at it, how about Chad Holmgren not missing a game all year? My goodness. If there were 2 bodies that look like they would get hurt. Those guys look like they're made out of balsa wood, and yet great game counts from both of them. Kudos to Holmgren for not missing a game. That's amazing. Mhmm. Well, Ken, it is time for your last old man rant of the season. Gary Trent, who's played in just 66 games this season for the Raptors. He's young and yet he sat out Tuesday for rest purposes. What? Did you know that John Stockton, hall of fame point guard for the Utah Jazz, had 16, 16, 16 seasons where he played the max 82 games plus a lot of playoff runs. That includes his last 4 seasons when he was aged 37 to age 40. In fact, when he was 40 years old in his last season, he played in all 82 games and averaged 28 minutes per game. Michael Jordan, the goat, played in all 82 games his last season as a 39 year old with the Washington Wizards. He played 37 minutes a game that year, but 25 year old Gary Trent needs a rest. Damn you silly season. Play ball. Hey. You put Gary Trent, same conversation as John Stockton. So, finally, he gets us. Yes. No. I think I've actually heard my dad do that exact rant probably every year that I've been alive. So, yes, that is, thank you for thank you for capping capping off the podcast with that. Okay, everybody. That's it. Thank you, everybody, for joining us on the whole ride of the Friday Fantasy Basketball podcast. It's occasionally we we might do a pop in. It's possible, but enjoy the rest of the regular season, Whatever it is, enjoy the playoffs, the real playoffs. I hope we get a great NBA finals. I'm sure we will. That'll wrap it up for us. Yeah. If you're in your finals and presume if you're still watching this, you are. Good luck. And, hey. Attention, passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of this season's line. Better. That was much better.