Hey, everybody. I am Steve Alexander, doctor a. This is the Rudowire Fantasy Basketball podcast, an award winning podcast, I might add. That's Rick Kamala. We're late. It's 5 o'clock. This is more in our wheelhouse though. We're more like 5 o'clock guys than this 11 o'clock AM BS that we do. Nonetheless, let's do this. What is up, everybody? It is the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast with the OGs, Rick Kamla, Steve Alexander. The in season tournament is about to tip-off here, with the, bucks and the, pacers, doctor a. So, let's get into this, man. Let let's help these people make some money. Probably about, I don't know, 10 minutes until we tip-off, With all the pomp and circumstance, we got Bucks minus 5a half. Doc, I've got the Bucks to win, and I've got the Pacers to cover. Both teams are in the top 5 in pace. The Pacers are 1. The Bucks are 5. Both wanna run playing up tempo game. That's advantage Indiana in my opinion. When Boston was beating them, it was because they had the game at their tempo. Both teams are in the bottom 10 for defense. Indiana's 28th in defensive rating. Milwaukee's 22nd. The Pacers have a much better bench. No Crowder, no Connington for Milwaukee. The Bucks don't have a matchup for Tyrese Halliburton. So I believe, doc, we're gonna get a 127, 125 kinda game. Great fantasy game for all of us here, but I I'm gonna take the points, not lay the points, because I think this is gonna be a very, very close game. And so I I'll I'll take the points here. How you doing here on Bucks minus 5a half? I'm going Pacers. I'm a homer. I gotta do it. Halliburton's been so good, man. And this is where the Bucks miss Drew Holiday because Drew Holiday would be a shutdown Ty Halliburton guy. He he's not there. Damian Lillard is gonna be standing there watching Ty Halliburton run right past him or launching threes over his head. And I feel like the Pacers, they're undefeated in this thing. They they seem like a team of destiny. My bold prediction was the Pacers are gonna win the east at the beginning of the season. People thought I was insane. They're pretty good, man. And I I'm kinda blown away by the fact that Rick Carlisle is he's bought into this whole let's be fun. Let's be a fun team because Rick Carlisle is not normally a fun guy. But he's like, let's be fun. Let's give the fans something they can get behind and root for, and let's just run as fast as we can and not give a damn about defense and just outscore the other guy. So I think it comes down to do they have anybody who can at least somewhat contain Giannis? If they somewhat contain Giannis and Malik Beasley does not go crazy, I I think the Pacers win. So I like your breakdown, all of it. I I I just, completed a, I did a Pelicans and Lakers, underdog fantasy lineup, and and I just put one in here, doc, for this game. And so let's get this out. We'll talk about a bunch of other fantasy stuff, once the game has started here. But I got Halliburton, doc, over 40 and a half points and assists. So I'm I'm taking the rebounds out. He's been a good rebounder, but I don't know. I I feel very good about the points and assists here. 40 and a half points and assists for Halliburton. I'm going over on that. And for Bruce Brown, your guy, he's got a 21 PRA here today, doc, which is points, rebounds, and assists. And, and then I've got Giannis at, over 52 and a half PRA, points, rebounds, and assists. I believe that, that Giannis and Halliburton are going to be phenomenal today. Again, it's a defense optional game. I think this is gonna be a fantasy feast. There's gonna be fast play, lots of shots, lots of missed shots, lots of rebounds, lots of Giannis coming downhill, lots of Tyrese Halliburton with the Halliburton hop. And, by the way, has anybody coined that, or is that mine, the Halliburton hop? Let's put that out here, here on the Raw Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. But, doc, that's my, underdog fantasy 3 pack parlay, as I try to turn 10 into 60 here on, Giannis over 52 and a half, Hallie over 40 and a half p and a, and then your boy, Bruce Brown. Bruce Brown shows up in big games. If it's a Tuesday night at home against Detroit, that's not the game to stream Bruce Brown or hit him in DFS. Doc, you know this. Going back to his Brooklyn days, when it's and obviously, last year at Denver, when it's a big game, Bruce Brown just, like, activates, and it's like he's more caffeinated than usual. And I think we're gonna get one of those types of games tonight. I kinda like to take. Yeah. My, Pacers underdog 5 leg parlay is kinda boring. It's this is a swing this is a swing for the fences. Over 1 and a half steals for Tyrese. Over 1 and a half steals for Bruce Brown. Over 1 and a half, 3 pointers for Brolo. Okay. What tell me that one again. Lopez was saying, wait. Well, Bruce Brown is 1 and a half steals? Yeah. Wow. Okay. I'm not saying that to you. I'm saying that to that that number should be 1. That number shouldn't be 1 and a half. Alright. Well, Lopez is what now? 1 and a 1 and a half triples. What? I love that. I I missed that one. 1 and a half threes for Brook Lopez in this. Yeah. Yeah. I I love that. He'll get that in the Q1. Dude, I love that bet. Alright. What else? Miles Turner with the double double. He's got a big old he's got a big old pepper next to it. That's a it's a hot pick. And then Obi Toppin, the guy that let me down with no rebounds in the second half last game. I got him at higher than 15 and a half points and rebounds. And, Rick, there's a new tool at rotor wire to do this with. And they they break down all of these bets. It tells you how often they hit. It tells you what rotor wires take on it is. It it's good stuff. I used that to put this together. I'm gonna let you talk for a minute, and then I'm oh, it's right here. What is the link for that? It's it's it's at rotorwire.com. I think you'd try it for free. I'll put a link out to it on Twitter when we're done because I don't know the actual, you know, how to tell you to get there, but it's it's, it's pretty sweet. They you can do best, best prize picks picks. You can do best underdog picks. You can narrow it down to whatever, format you're playing in, and it it's it's pretty cool. And if I win, then I'm gonna be really all about it. I love it, dude. He's got Halliburton over 1 and a half steals, Bruce Brown over 1 and a half steals, Lopez over 1 and a half threes, Turner a double double, and Obi Toppin over 15a half points and rebounds. We'll get into, Pelicans Lakers later on in the show here, but I wanted to unpack that, before the game tipped, which is very soon here. And, Chow Chad, TTV says desperate tonight playing catch up. Who is more likely to get over 8 minutes tonight, Chris Livingston or Maxwell Lewis? Yeah. It's that grim. Chow Chad Wow. It ain't gonna happen for you. Leave them on waivers and keep it moving with your life. And if you take an l this week, you take an l this week. Like, I'm I'm in arrears in a couple of my fantasy games this week because of Monday night. And, and I didn't have enough dudes, and I maybe had 3 and the other guy had 6, and so it sets you back and you're playing catch up all week. I completely get it. But those aren't the guys. I I don't think Chris Livingston or Maxwell Lewis are going to get a single second in this basketball game. Possibly, doc, if it's a if they're 30 point blowouts and there's garbage time in the Q4, but, Chow Chad, I I think it's up, up the creek here. Dude, Chow Chad could ask Charles Barkley what sport those guys play, and he may not get it right. I mean, we're you're talking scraping bottom bottom of the barrel right there, and I'm with you. I if you're one of those guys get 8 minutes, it would be nothing short of a, Christmas miracle. Coming early here, December 7th. Rick Kamla, Steve Alexander, aka doctor a. We're the OGs, and this is the RotoWire fantasy basketball podcast. So let's dive into some of this here, Doc a, and we'll, we got our eye on the game, and, it's about to tip-off. And so psyched about, these in season tournament final 4 games tonight. Let's start with this, Doc. Heading into this 2 pack of final 4 games, who is the MVP of the in season tournament heading into the semifinals here? I've got Tyrese Halliburton, doc. It's the eye test. It's the stat test. Hoopsight does a global rating for players, and, and it it's a really cool metric in its efficiency, and it's all the the you know, it's all that kind of stuff. But, and they rank them. It's not a fantasy ranking. It's a reality ranking. Right? But it's hoop side hoop pipe's global rating. Hallie is 1st. Giannis is 2nd. Jokic is 3rd. Dame is 4th. K? And then LeBron is 5th, and I'll stop right there. Halliburton is 2 of their global rating points above Giannis, which is a big gap. And so, statistically, he's kinda sort of lapping the field here, and they're 5 and o. And we have the win, at Philly, and we have the win at home against Boston. So is is there any doubt to you that Halliburton is the MVP of this, tournament here so far? So far, he is. I mean, we you can't argue with any of it. They haven't lost the game. The crowd the Indiana crowd is literally in a fever over this thing, and I I'm sure there are watch parties going on in Indy for this game. But they gotta win tonight for him to complete the complete the the circle, I guess. So, I mean, it comes down to who wins tonight. I'm I still am kinda feeling like Anthony Davis and the Lakers could end up taking this whole thing. But, you know, Davis is down there at number 8. So LeBron's even in front of him. So he's he's got some work to do. He's gonna have to ball out, today Saturday if that's gonna happen. But if the Pacers win tonight and Haliburton plays well again, which he's going to because they don't have anybody who who can stop him, he's got a really good chance. The Lakers don't have anybody that can stop Halliburton either, nor do the New Orleans Pelicans. Steve mentioned it. Like, Drew Holiday? Yeah. Drew Holiday could take a piece out of, Drew Holiday. Although, we just saw that game on Monday, and Drew Holiday had his way with even the great Drew Holiday who was pathetic on the offensive end of that basketball game. So, Halliburton is in the lead right now, guys, for, MVP of the NC season tournament. Look. You're gonna have to win these next two games. You we're we're not gonna have a Jerry West 1969 where you lose the finals to the Celtics and you get the finals MVP. It's the only time that's ever happened. And, you know, doc k, in in America, dang it, we don't give awards to runner ups. Okay? Win the tournament, and the best player on the team that wins the tournament will win the MVP of this tournament. So Hallie's got 2 more, to go. Alright. I will say this. Go ahead, doc. Halliburton, the numbers he's put up so far, I can see them losing in the finals and him winning MVP. Yeah. I I I love you like a bro, but I think you're nuts. His numbers right now are 28 in the tournament, 28 points, 5 rebounds, 13 assists, and very high efficiency. I mean, I I don't know. That triple double, his first ever triple double came at the right time. I I don't know. I I could see it happening. And, also, I think New Orleans does have a possible Ty Haliburton stopper in Herbie Jones. Herb Jones is I I he is the potential Haliburton stopper if they get that far. But like I said, like, Herb Jones is a stud. Halliburton just cooked Jrue Holiday. Like, I he's almost just an unstoppable supernova of a player right now, and they're about to, to tip this thing off, on, let's see what network. This one's ESPN. They're they're putting all the announcers together from Turner and ESPN, and, but the late night game tonight will be on, TNT. But, it is Cam. It is Doc. We are the OGs, and this is the, rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. Doc, I wanna get you into Desmond Bane here. We had some sensational performances last night. I I look at the Luka 29 point first half triple double, and I'm like, alright. Cool. It was against the Jazz. They lost by 50. The Jazz, they're more of a dumpster fire than Detroit or Memphis right now. They're just not even competing at all. And then you wanna beat with the 50. But Bane had 40s 9. Okay. A career high. 6 boards, 7 assists. The only grizzly to hit those numbers, ever, on the season. He's going 25, 5, and 5. His shooting splits are down from what we know them usually to be, but that's alright. We get it. You don't have your point guard shorthanded. 47, 38, and 86, though. He's still flirting with 50, 40, 90, bringing new defense. He's got 2.2 combined stocks, and, and it's just been absolutely terrific. But, doc, I believe with Ja Morant coming back, they've played 20 games. Five more suspension games to go, and then, and then Jaab will be back. And we're going to see Bane's numbers come down from 25, 55, and the efficiency is gonna go up, but he's not gonna score 25 points per game. So where are you at with this? I would investigate trading Desmond Bane right now, and looking maybe I could parlay him and another dude, into a really big boy, and just make a run-in Halliburton or something. See what your league says. Desmond Bane's numbers are fantastic right now. Very sellable. And so I'm not saying give them away, but, doc, I would shop, Desmond Bane here. Because once we get a week out, doc, and it's like Ja Morant's coming back and headlines start to pop and, you know, videos start to surface. I've been working out and all this kind of stuff. I think your opportunity is gonna be over at that point, but we're here 5 games out, about a week and a half out. I think now is the time to pounce if you wanna try to sell high with Desmond Bane. Where you at with that? You know, it's interesting. Also, I'm losing my voice here, so just bear with me. The whole reason I was so high on Desmond Bane was the 25 games of Jah being out. And my boy, Vaughn, at NBC kinda ripped me when I drafted Desmond Bane in the 2nd round in one of our drafts, but he was totally worth it. He's he's a top 20 guy right now. I don't think he's gonna drop very far when Jah comes back. He's gonna take a little bit of a hit, but he should also have more open looks. Jah's gonna be dominating the ball, but Bane has been good with Jah in the past. So I'm I still think Bane's gonna be a big part of what they do. I I think things are gonna be easier for him. The numbers might come down a little bit, but the efficiency might go up. I'm not, like, panic trading Desmond Bane right now, but I'm I'm okay with looking into moving him for for you need a stud. You need a top 20 guy coming back, though, to do it. Yeah. There's no doubt about that. It's gotta be, it's gotta be a heavyweight coming back, for Desmond Bane. Brollo for 3. Yeah. He did. He just said a 3. Hey, quick. Before we move on, to our next bid here, I don't know if you were watching at the point where they were showing Rick Carlisle addressing his team, before the game. And behind Rick Carlisle were all kinds oh, Miles Turner just put Giannis in the rim. There were a bunch of Jimmy John sandwiches behind Rick Carlisle. K? That makes me like the Pacers plus 5a half even more today. They're they're they're powered in high octane with, the greatest sub sandwich there is, Jimmy John's. So, doc, let's have a a a quick, sub debate here. Are are you, are you a Jimmy John's guy? Are you a Firehouse guy? Like, which one are you, digging the most? I'm down with both. I mean, I like all of them too, Jersey Mike's, but if you had a preference of 1, which one are you going with? Well, I was initially a firehouse guy, but I've come to love the cold sub and bread combination of Jimmy John's. I mean, that Turkey Tom is money, bro. I I'll tear up some of that Turkey Tom. You are killing me. I love it. I'm a JJ gargantuan guy. I I I go I go for the gusto at Jimmy John's, man. I'm Turkey Tom all the way. Hey. While we're talking about companies and selling sandwiches, talk about underdog for a sec. We've we already have. But underdog fantasy, Rick, as you know, is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with the promo code rwnba. That's rwnba promo code. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today. Use promo code rwnba. Claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Rick, Ken Kreitz, the k train, was kinda making fun of me the other day. He's like, dude, you've really bought into this underdog thing. Like, you're playing underdog all the time. And I'm like, I am. And the thing I like about it, you can bet $5. You can bet $10. You can bet $1. And if you pick all those pepper picks, you can hit for a $100 on a $1 bet and even more than that, I think. And that that's pretty fun just to get in there and play with. So if you're scared about, oh, I don't wanna become addicted to gambling. My wife will kill me if I'm in there spending money. Just play for a dollar. It's fun. I I love underdog fantasy. I I think I I like the layout. It's easy. It's easy. And I like, you know, the they'll do a point prop and a point rebound prop and a point and assist prop and a point rebound and assist prop. And, it's just it's it's everything you want right there. It it really is. It's, I I just you're right. It's easy. It's, it's a piece of cake. And I don't wanna mention other platforms' names that are competing with underdog, but I I think underdog's got, like, it it just it looks better. It's easier. I've got other platforms that I can do, daily fantasy betting on. Okay? But but I'm underdog fantasy is where I'm doing it right now, and and I'm a join the heck out of it. Alright, doc. So, the in season tournament going on here, Milwaukee with a 13 to 10 lead over the Indiana Pacers, very early in this game. I wanna have a Golden State Warriors conversation with you here. We saw Kuminga get completely yo yoed by Steve Kerr last night. Alright? And Kuminga is not a big fantasy guy, but, I just follow me here. I wanna take us down the road. He should be. He should be. Thank you. Somewhere else. Good point. Good point, doc. You got me there. I mean, obviously, it's Kerr, and he doesn't like young players and doesn't trust them, blah blah blah. That's why Wiseman's in Detroit. That's why Pool is in Washington. Good point by you, bro. So, so, obviously, Kuminga was the story of the game. Didn't play in the first half, and then he had 13 points on perfect shooting in the second half. Okay? It was the difference in the game. But Steve Kerr after the game talked about, you know, night tonight, we're going to have different rotations and things are going to look different. And Steve Kerr is one of the most stubborn coaches. So to have him talk about different optionality night tonight speaks of how awful this basketball team is and how desperate he is. Guys, that was a losing effort last night against Portland. I don't know if you all stand up late to watch that game. The warriors won, okay, but they should not have. And you won by 4 over the Portland trailblazers who lost Brogdon in the game. They got Simons back, and they didn't have Grant or Ayton. Okay? That should've been a 15 point beat down by the Golden State Warriors, but it wasn't. So I wonder, doc, if, if Klay Thompson and Andrew Wiggins, are on notice as well now. Okay? Obviously, Kuminga has been, the yo yo guy for Kerr. I get that. And he's relied on Wiggins and Klay, won championships with Klay, won with Wigg. I get all of that, man. But and then it's a bigger conversation, right, about are Klay and Wiggins, the 2 biggest fantasy disappointments this year? Because their numbers, Steve, are god awful. They're atrocious. Alright? So I if if you're gonna yank around Jonathan Kumingu, who's 11 points in 19 minutes and actually been pretty solid for your team in a limited role, Klay Thompson's been garbage. Wiggins has been even more garbagy than Klay Thompson. Why are we yanking these guys in and out of the starting lineup for his, for his teacher's pet, Podgemski? Your boy, Podgemski. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, Kerr is just sticking with his guys, and his guys are Wiggins and Klay. I mean, Klay looks washed up, dude. I mean, he looks washed right now. Is he gonna look washed by the time Christmas gets here? Hopefully not. I mean, I I root for for Klay. I want Klay to do well. But so far, man, he's he's not he doesn't look confident shooting the ball. He doesn't look right shooting the ball. And, you know, you want Klay to feel good about his shot even if even even if it doesn't go in. You want him to miss 6 in a row and then still shoot it with that confident. He does not look like that right now. So I I don't know, man. I I hope he's not washed, but he he does not look right. And Wiggins, my goodness. Put him over there in Washington with Tyus Jones and Jordan Poole and just Bus City. There are no doubt about it, dude. There is no doubt about it. So let me give you Klay Thompson's numbers here, man. Listen. And I agree with you. I'm a Klay Thompson guy. I like Klay Thompson. I think he's got I don't know him, but I I like his style. I like, I like not like what he wears. I just kinda like the way he talks, and he's a deep thinker, and, I don't know. I I'm just a Clay guy, and we've seen him win and all this kind of stuff. 15 and a half points. I thought he was gonna be about 23 or 24, doc. 39.7% from the field. You gotta be kidding me, dude. 35% on threes. Okay? And this is over, 30 minutes a game. It's brutal. It's brutal. And let me let me sing you a song here about Andrew Wiggins. Okay? You mentioned the k train, Ken Kretz. He's in the Cam Dynasty, the Dynasty League 14 teamer, head to head, that I commissioned. Steve is in this league as well. Shout out to, K train. Me and him and Darren Wilson, who's a media guy in Minneapolis, a great media guy in Minneapolis, are all sort of right up there for 1st place. We're about 1, game away from each other. And so, you know, we're we're in this to win this, man. And Ken won it last year. Okay? So we give him those flowers. K train tried to shop Andrew Wiggins and then dropped Andrew Wiggins. Okay? And then I picked up Andrew Wiggins when he was hurt. He had this little finger thing. Right? Kept him in the the little IR spot for a minute on fan tracks and and and left him there through last night because I'm like, this guy this guy ain't it. Doc, I just dropped Andrew Wiggins to pick up Rui Hachimura and stream him because of the limited game factor with, the NCSN tournament in only 2 games. I just dropped Andrew Wiggins for a streamer. Are you kidding me? In a 14 team dynasty league, doc. That's how bad it's gotten for Andrew Wiggins, man. That says it all. I mean, it's bad. And Kerr is sticking with him through thick and thin even when Kuminga goes off and does what he's supposed to do. Like, I the I Kerr's gonna have to he's he's gonna have to take a pill. You know, it's hard to suck it down, but you're gonna have to make a decision. I I I wouldn't be playing Kamiga. What what is it? What is it? I and I think we've gotten to that point, doc. I'm with you. Again, it's not working. You're under 5 100 pill. You're you're Chetty pill. You're you're you're below the play in tournament right now after the warriors. I I think desperate times call for desperate measures. What? A Chetty pill? I thought you were playing the Chet Holmgren card. No. It's Chet Chetty Osman. Oh. Last year I see. Or 2 years ago, Matt Stroup and I were doing a podcast. He said something like, Chetty Osman, man. He's just he's just so hard to trust. And I'm like, man, that chedi pill is a tough one to swallow, but sometimes you just have to suck it down. And sometimes you just need to throw chedi in your lineup, see what happens. But he's a it's a tough pill to swallow. And that's where we are with Kuminga. Like, Kerr, you suck it up, put Kuminga in there, and let him play. I mean, shake up shake up the rotation. Give your guys some life. Put Kuminga in there. Let him do his thing. Andrew Wiggins does not deserve to start for this basketball team. I mean, it I believe he's at, like, point 6 stocks. You can look it up. Yeah. I it's like it's like point 2 blocks, point 4 steals. It's like, what? That's like RJ Barrett bad. That's like Allen Houston bad. Yeah. Allen Houston. Allen Houston was, was he even an overrated, well, anyway, was he even a rated fantasy guy? I know he, you know, hit, hit buckets and hit threes and all that, but, man, he was a true category guy. Points, threes, and gave you nothing else. Shout out to the great, Allen Houston. So, doc, we have a comment here from, let me pull this up here. Admiral Nida, says sell high on Kobe White with Zach LaVine out another 2 to 4 weeks, or is Kobe a hold with a trade looming, and he says, 12 t cat. What does the t mean there, doc? Teams. Oh, 12 teams. My bad. I thought it was some kind of anyway, it doesn't matter. I'm not selling high with Kobe White, doc. I'm not selling high with Kobe White. I I wanna see 1st of all, the next month or so, he should be I don't know about a rock star, but he should be very, pardon me, very solid over the next month, with Zach LaVine out before they trade Zach LaVine. I believe Zach LaVine's played his last game with the Chicago bulls, guys. I think this is, the soft launch of that. They're not coming out and saying it, but Sherani is saying that he'll be out the next 3 to 4 weeks. Guess what that butts up to? January 15th, when all the free agents signed in the off season can then be traded during that next season. So, LaVine's played his last game with the bulls, man, but I'm holding on to Kobe White, doc. How about you? He's inefficient. I don't love everything he does, but he has one really good game per week. He has 2 decent games a week, and then he has one where it's kinda like, oh, man. He just killed me. You ain't lying. You know, it's a roller coaster ride. It is, but the the highs are better than the lows. And I I'm I'm down to Toby White. I think Zach LaVine is done in Chicago. I'm with you there. I don't even know if he's really hurt, honestly. He just doesn't he's not happy. They're they they're not happy with him. I think that relationship is broken, and I think it's Kobe White's year to do whatever he wants to do. So I'm hanging in there with Kobe. They just, they just paid Kobe too. I see the Manning's up here in, some kind of betting ad. Are you tired of the Manning's? Nah. You're not tired of the Manning's? Nah. They have not reached the point of overexposure for you right now? Peyton, they're They're overexposed, but I still I mean, I'm a pay dude, I I had season tickets in the Peyton heyday in Indianapolis. I'm not talking about a long guy. I'm talking about When when when Peyton left, when he was done in any the the Colts have never been the same. It's hard for me to get excited about the Colts. I I miss Peyton. So anytime I see Peyton, I'm down. Understood. Do you feel like, are you tired of seeing Travis Kelce on TV? Oh my god. Yes. I got him. I got him. Oh my goodness. Makes me want I want the Chiefs to lose every game. I don't need to hear about Taylor moving into his damn mansion. I don't need to hear about Kelsey or his mansion. I don't need to see Kelsey's tweets from when he was in high school. He couldn't write an English sentence. And Deon too, man. Deon, you know, this is why we can't have anything nice in America. Something something cool happens, and then we blow it up and run it into the ground. I mean, I don't need to hear Dion's name again this year. I don't need to hear Kelsey. I don't care about the eras to her. I don't care about any of it. Oh my god. I'm so glad I went there. That was extraordinary. It was. Yeah. Absolutely extraordinary. I got a question for you. My my disco biscuits are going on tour soon, a little, winter into into spring and summer tour. So so you got that going on. Anyway, go ahead. You have been throwing the word stocks around a lot. Are you mad at me? Deals and blocks combined. Not a fan of stocks. I'm a fan of the fantasy gold that is stocks. I'm not a fan of the word. I don't use it. I don't write it. I don't say it. I it it makes me cringe a little bit like when I see Taylor Swift at a god blessed Chiefs game. Okay. I'm not saying you can't use it. I'm just saying it's not my jam. It's look. It it's I don't really say a lot, but It's easy. But when, but when you you know, so I would look. I was almost dead on with Andrew Wiggins. I said, it was he bought 0.6 stocks. Right? He's point 7. Point 3 blocks, point 4 steals for Andrew Wiggins. He's a one one guy. He's usually always run 1 block, one steal. So that's that's been terrible, man. Absolutely terrible. Alright, doc. Let's, let's fire up some of the chat comments right here. ChowChad, had a legitimate question that we can actually sink our teeth into as opposed to, and ChowChad, we're messing with you here. The Livingston and Maxwell Lewis. I mean, Maxwell freaking Lewis. I forgot he was even on the Lakers. But Chow Chad says, where's his note here? Do you think this fixes j j j? Yes. J j j needs Ja Morant back in the worst way. We were just talking about Kelsey being overexposed and the man I think the Mannings are overexposed. I love them, but they're overexposed. Right? I mean They are. You know, don't hate on Eli. Don't sleep on that resume. Alright? Eli is top 10 QB all time, man. But, anyway, I think Ja Morant coming back is going to fix, Jaren Jackson Junior. He's like, for Bane, right, he's a shot hunter, and he's a ball handler, and he can play make a little bit. So, okay, no job. That just means more of me. But Jared Jackson junior is not he was not put on earth to be a go to guy, to be a dump it down into the hole and have him pivot and make post moves. Obviously, it can't be a staple of your offense. Jjj launched in 3. I mean, he's good at it, but it can't be a staple of your offense. So I believe John's return will fix Jaren Jackson junior. Tell Chow Chow what you think about that. No. I agree. I think it's gonna help. I think it's gonna make his life easier. John, JJJ's big problem has been a lack of blocks and really bad shooting. And when on the court, Desmond Maine's gonna be open. JJJ is gonna be open. I I do think it's going to help Jaren Jackson junior a lot. But having said that, Jaren Jackson junior is also helping himself right now. His last two games, 37 points and 9 boards with a steal and a block, 2 stocks, 13 of 21 shooting, and then he hit 10 to 20 against Detroit. That was a must win game for Memphis. They treated it like so. They won the game. He had 24 points, 3 blocks, 4 rebounds, shot it well. That's 2 games in a row where he's looked better than he's looked all season. So I think j j j's already turned the corner, and when you throw Ja Morant back into that mix, I think he's gonna kinda take off. I like the answer there a lot, man. So let's go to another comment here, and his name is, Paul Yesung. He says, should I trade marketing, Kuzma, and Milton for Adebayo and Tatum? And the question at the end is really the key question. Is this a fair trade that wouldn't get vetoed? I would veto this trade. No way. No way. Melton to me is is on the fringe, man. It like, if this was 3 dudes like Markkanen and Kuzma and then another guy like that, and you're you're kinda bundling a 3 pack to go get a 2 pack, I get it. But this is not a 3 pack. This is a 2a half pack. Now look, Paul. What I would do is offer the trade. K? And if they accept the trade, then they accept the trade. And then if there's backlash in the league and they try to undo the trade, well, then they do. Okay? And you gotta deal with that. But you'll never know until you do it, and I would happily turn Larry Markkan and Kyle Kuzma the shutdown guys. Wait for it. Both of those guys will be shut down, in late March, maybe even early March. Okay? Both of them, I promise, will be shut down. And, in Melton? Come on, man. It it's a no brainer. The no the the non no brainer is will it be vetoed, doc? Well, you know, I'm I'm a non veto guy. I don't think trades should be vetoed. If you're if you're savvy enough of a fantasy manager and you work the the deal hard enough that you can pull that off and get Adebayo and Tatum for those guys, those shutdown guys plus Melton, you do it all day. And let's say you spend a week working on getting that deal done. You finally talk the guy into it. Props to you, man. I I think you should be rewarded for that, not not penalized. So I hate trade vetoes. They make me really angry because the reality is you don't know who wins the trade until after the season. You just don't know. And who's to say one of those studs isn't gonna get hurt? Who's to say Mark and it doesn't play the whole season? You know, you don't know what's gonna happen. So if you work your butt off and make a great trade for your team, I hate when those get vetoed. And and it it sends bad vibes and bad blood through the league. You get mad at your boys. They get mad at you, and it just causes drama. And the last thing any of us want out of our fantasy league is drama. I've had a tumultuous relationship with with League Freak, the league I invented and created, and I'm not in right now. And I'm not out of it now because of drama. It's it's a really, really pricey league, and I I just I don't I don't have the stomach. Are you still in league freak, doc? Nope. It's just it's like somebody else took over and became the commissioner, and they ramped up the entry fee. It's, like, way into the 100. So I'm like, I'm good. I'm I'm good on that. And, I'm a league that's a league for people who have real jobs and don't just talk about sports all day. Somewhere in there, you might be right about that, doc. Somewhere in there. Alright. Let's tell the people here. The bucks are up 29 to 23 over the Pacers here late in Q1. McConnell missed the shot with the, rebound of Portis. Alright. Let's, let's look ahead to Lakers and Pelicans here a little bit, man. Did you do, Doc, a, underdog fantasy lineup for the Lakers and Pelicans tonight? And if not, I can, I can get us going here? You let me know. I did I did, like, 10 of them, of course. Oh my god. I love it. I'm gonna do more than than what I have right here, and I I may add these and then, because the 3 that I got, doc, I really like. And I might, like, enlarge this and have just the 3 pack one and then make it, like, a 6 or 7 and really try to, I don't know, have some fun with it. But, talk to me about it. Bravo update, he's already hit 2, 3 pointers. I knew it. Quarter. Man. Gosh. When you said that, doc, I I missed that, man. I I did. I was I was scrolling through. I don't know. I I you know, sometimes you just miss it. I I miss that one, man. I I would have definitely added that to my, Pacers and Bucks, parlay here. That that was a really good call about you, man. Right. Any any other updates from the Bucks score you'd like to drop on us? Well, Ty Ty Haliburton, it looks like a monster again. I got he's he's getting what he wants, and, it's a close game. End of the Q1. It's gonna be fun. Alright. Let's talk about these, what Give me your underdog give me one of your underdog, Lakers. Okay. First of all, Zion Williamson. Doc, did you look at Zion Williamson's, points number on underdog fantasy? Did you do you do you happen to know what it is off the top of your head? It's 22 and a half. 22 and a half. Does that sound does that does that sound a little low to you? Sounds a little low to me. I love Zion, over 22 and a half points tonight. CJ McCollum, 17 and a half points. And here's why I like CJ. Bucks up 29.27 end of 1. Pardon me one second here, doc. Here's why I like CJ. It's 17a half. CJ is a rise to the occasion guy. This is a rise to the occasion game, but I'm burying the lead here. I believe Brandon Ingram's gonna have a tough game tonight, doc. We saw Devin Booker struggle against all of the waves of Laker defenders, with Vanderbilt and, Reddish and Prince, and all these guys are healthy right now. Vanderbilt's probably gonna play a little bit more than he played in the previous game, which was, I believe, 16 minutes. He may be up to a 20 minute, threshold here in this game, maybe more. But I feel like, they they're and because CJ is always kind of that third guy. He was kind of that forgotten guy. Right? Zion, b I. Zion, b I. You know, they're the duo and all this kind of stuff. And there's CJ with D'Angelo Russell, Austin Reeves. Come on, man. He's gonna scorch these guys. And they're terrific offensive players too, but they're not gonna stop CJ McComb. So I think the Lakers are gonna put a blanket on BI, and and CJ is going to have to score well more than 17a half if they wanna win this game. So I'm over on Zion at 22a half, over on CJ at 17a half, and I'm over on LeBron at 28 points. And, you know, it's a big number. It's a step out. It's not even close to his regular season average, but these are the games that he lives for. He's been talking about how much this cup means to him and how much he wants to win it, and he's gonna go for it. And the Pelicans don't have anybody that can stop LeBron James, man. They do not. So, I think it's gonna be a really fun offensive minded game, I believe. Not like super crazy high scoring, but I think the guys are gonna get their numbers in the right spot. So Zion, CJ, and Braun with their points. I'm going over doc and trying to get a 3 leg parlay here. I like it. I like it. I've got a 5 gamer. This is based on the rotor wire, optimizer tool I I told you all about, which you can find if you go to rotor wire and dig around. I wish I had the link, but I don't. I got Herb Jones over 4 rebounds. That seems reasonable. Right? Trey Murphy, 3 point specialist slash dunk contest competitor to higher than 2 and a half three pointers. He's gonna get tons of minutes, man. Murphy has looked great since he's come back. I think he's gonna hit 3 triples. I got LeBron like you do. I got him, oh, actually, I don't. I got LeBron under 43a half points, rebounds, and assists. Why you hate, bro? I think it's gonna be AD. That's what that's what wrote a wire told me to do, dawg. I got Jonas Valencunas higher than 23 and a half. Hey. Just quick quickly. You know you know why, RotoWire is doing that? Because the numbers are so far above his regular season averages. I I I totally get what the system is doing right there, man. I get it. I get it. But you know what I mean? I'm like, I just gotta vibe on LeBron tonight. You know what I mean? Like, I got a gut that that he's gonna have a big one tonight. But that I understand why he's why the the optimizer was telling you to go under because these numbers are well above his regular season averages. The computer is probably like, does not compute. Like, where are these numbers coming from? Right? And so I'm boosting in, you know, the motivation factor with a one and done, final 4 of Vegas in season tournament. Right? I think all that stuff matters for this game. Yeah. I think you're right. And I think with with it's either gonna be AD or LeBron. One of them is gonna go off. We just don't know which one. And I think we're in a similar situate situation with Zion. Zion's either gonna get 10 rebounds or he's gonna get 30:30 points. He's not gonna get 30 and 10. He's gonna get 15 and 10, 15 points, 10 boards, or he's gonna get 27 points and 5 boards. Charles Barkley is like, we need him. Like, Zion needs to crash the boards and score, really. But I he hasn't been doing both at the same time, so you gotta kinda pick 1 or the other. And I I've been I've I've been going with rebounds instead of points for Zion. And then the other guy I got in there is Austin Reeves. I think he's gonna have a good game tonight. Higher than 18 and a half points and rebounds combined. I like the Reeves call. I do. His number was at 14 and a half, I believe. I'm not ready. He's a he's a guy that, for points. He's a guy that I, that I may be adding to a bigger parlay, later on. So it is Rick Kamla. It is Steve Alexander, aka doctor a, and, wrapping up here, the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. Doc, let's talk a point spread here on Lakers and Pelicans. It's 1a half. I would think that the Lakers would be favored by a little bit more than this, but it's 1a half. So Vegas, and the way the money is coming in, tells you that this is gonna be a very, very close game. I thought the point spread on Milwaukee, Indiana was too much. You did as well. We both tried to live inside that number or just get a win. We took the 5a half with the Pacers. I'm gonna lay the 1a half here with the Los Angeles Lakers, doc. I like them to win. I like them to win the tournament at this point, and I think it'll be Lakers and Bucks, in the championship game on Saturday. But I do like Lakers minus 1a half, Doc. I do. The Lakers really don't have a good matchup for Zion Williamson. That's kind of a hiccup for me, but I do overall like the duo of LeBron and Davis, more than Zion and Ingram. And it's not just liking them, it's trusting them, who's better, who who's more explosive, and all that kind like, LeBron's not explosive. Like, anatomically, he is, but statistically, he's not. He doesn't go off for 40 points. He doesn't put up triple doubles. He basically 25, 7, and 5 every night. He just kinda always is around those numbers. BI is not really explosive. He doesn't go massive in these games. And the Lakers are healthy, Doc, and they they got their dudes. They got Bando back, who's going to be very effective defensively in his minutes. So I got the Lakers minus 1a half, Doc. How about you? I do too. I I think I think the reason the number's so close is because now that the Pelicans are at full steam, full force, CJ McCollum is back. He's he's been an incredible fantasy player this year, like, 2nd round value. Trey Murphy looks awesome. Herb Jones looks awesome. Jonas Valencionis playing well. BI, he's been healthy for once. Zion's been healthy for once. I mean, New Orleans is suddenly the deepest team in this tournament probably. Right? And then you got the Lakers where you got their starting lineup and then nothing else. Like, their bench is kinda garbage. So it's depth versus starters, and I do give the the nod by a little bit to LeBron and AD and Austin Reeves and D'Angelo Russell. But if it comes down to foul trouble and it comes down to a tight game and it comes down to guys being winded, I think New Orleans has a little bit of a edge. So I think it's gonna be a great game. The late game tonight is gonna be awesome. And I'm gonna go with the Lakers just because I picked them to win the tournament the other day. I've I've got AD as my MVP. So for him to win that, they need to win and he needs to go off. But, yeah, I I I like Lakers minus 1a half. Alright, doc. Let's answer a couple more questions here and We'll do this one. I got one. Oh, you got it. Good. Oh, that's what I was gonna do. From Andre Sasson. That that wasn't the one I was gonna do, but let's, let's go ahead and do it here. Alright, doc. Tell him, tell, my man here, Andre, Sasson about, Santi Aldama. Is he a long term player? Is he? I don't know. I kinda feel like he is. I kinda feel like he is. I think Xavier Tillman, has run its course. Right? I just called Xavier Tillman an it instead of a him. That's my bad. But no. I I I feel like Xavier Tillman is not the answer. Steven Adams, gone. Bye bye. Won't see him all year. Santee Obama has kinda been doing stuff. He looks good. I don't have his numbers pulled up in front of me, but, I like Aldama. I think he is a guy that you want on your roster right now, and and, you know, he's one of those guys in fantasy where you just ride him till the wheels fall off. Yeah. I'm not a Santi Aldama guy. I mean, I I like him as a bench player. You know, he could be a backup 4 or 5 in the NBA if I were a GM of an NBA team. Starting? That's a hell no. That is if I wanna win. You're not gonna win with Aldama in your starting lineup. Long term, is he a good Fantasy player? Nah. I I don't think so. I think he's a streamer, or like Doc said, pick up off the waiver wire and run them, until he runs out of gas and then put him back on waivers. He's at 13 points, 6 rebounds, 2 assists, 1 and a half stocks. I say that because I know it annoys Doc. Point 8 steals, point 7 blocks. He is at 1.7 threes, but the shooting has not been good. It's dipped a lot. Why? More minutes, more defensive attention, all that obvious stuff. When the guys get healthy, and Adams, of course, will not. But Adams is under contract beyond this year. Okay? So that's going to be a block for Aldama moving forward. Brandon Clark looms as a block for Aldama moving forward. So I would ride them until, you know, fortifications come back and the cavalry comes home and, heck, maybe you can ride them for the through this year. If 13 6 and 2, with under 1 and 1 in the d and almost 2 threes. If that works for you somehow, some way, cool. Knock yourself out. But I I don't I I think next year when the Memphis Grizzlies are whole, Santi Aldama will be a 17 to 20 minute bench player. Next year, yes. He struggled shooting his last two games. Before that, he went on a 4 game run with double figure scoring. Before that, he had a he was scoring a bunch of points. He's been kinda bad the last two games, but in his last four games, he has at least a block and a steal in 4 straight. Those are stocks, bro. He also hit a 3 pointer in 4 straight. He's also got a 12 rebound game, a 7 rebound game. I I think San Diego Dama is fine right now, and I think the shooting slump is gonna end because he's in a 2 game he's in a 2 game slump. But, I've been I I've enjoyed what Santi Aldama has done so far. He's been solid. We had a, a turnover here by the Bucks, run out by the Pacers. Nice unselfish. Up 4. Nice unselfish shovel pass, for TJ McConnell to Matherin for the blast and, a a 4 point lead for the Pacers. Really fun game, man. Alright. One more here. Let's pull up, let me go to, this one right here. Last question of the day. Laltoff or Laltoff says, who can I possibly offer for Herb Jones? Either 1 for 1 or package 1 of these players. And he's got Giddey, John Collins, Kelly Oubre, Chris Paul, and Contavious Caldwell Pope. Any pick 2. Any 2. Really? You're throwing Giddey, down into that, mix where you're just you're just giving away Giddey like that? No. Giddey's been bad. I understand. I do. We are a quarter of the way through the season. We don't we don't see this turning around. Doc Doc is pretty firm on that answer right there. I would try to package I mean and the other thing, let's not go crazy about Herb Jones. I mean, like, he is a good Fantasy player. Is he a great Fantasy player? I tell you what, doc, he's great at one particular category, and you know what category that is, the stock category. I'm I love, rankling you with that right now. But, but, our guy 2 categories, by the way. Yeah. It is. It is. Look at you. Look at Herb Jones is at 12 points, 4 rebounds, 3 assists. Okay? 12, 4, and 3. That's waiver wire stuff. 1.3 blocks, 1.1 steals, 3.1 stocks. That is elite, and he's at 1.3 threes, which is waiver wire material. So let's not go crazy on Herb Jones. Okay? Herb Jones is rated as a top 30 player right now. That's cool. That's cool. That's what the metrics can say. I know, the Rick Kamla algorithm that has been so successful for literally, like, 2 generations. And, and, I mean, it it's about where are you making a difference statistically. Okay? Where is Herb Joe? I understand, the ranking, and I I appreciate it and and all that stuff. Okay. Herb is at 52% from the field, but to me, that's a little overrated when you when you accumulate the whole thing. He's taking 8 shots per game. Okay? So that's not really I mean, cool. You're getting great efficiency on 8 shots. Okay? I want great efficiency on 16 or 20 shots. You know, he's 36% on threes, 88% from the line, but, again, we're taking 3 free throws per game. So, okay, he's 88 from the line, but it's 3 free throws a game. What is that really the the dip so it's where are you making a difference? Okay? Like, a big man like Joel Embiid with 6 assists. Right? K? Or, you know, Valancunas with not Valancunas, Sabonis with his assists. Where are you making a difference? Where are you cutting through the clutter? You know, Luka with the rebounds. And, you know, so a guard that rebounds, a a big that dimes. That's what I'm looking for, dude. And, look, I got Herb on a couple of teams. Frankly, if if some hot comes down the track, I'm probably gonna send him back to waivers, man, because I I look at him as a difference maker in 2 categories, and and I know you disagree with this. So, I would not trade I would give I would offer John Collins for Herb Jones. Alright. Okay. Because he's gonna get shut down. I would offer Chris Paul for Herb Jones for a bunch of obvious reasons. Oubre, they're not gonna even take your call on that. Contavious Culbopo, I don't think they'll take your call on that one either. And and Giddey, I just I gotta see more from this Giddey thing to just, to just give away for, for Herb Jones here. But I know you're disagreeing with a lot of the stocks, so go ahead. Giddey in the rankings that I am looking at, which I need to get in the habit of just going to the rotor wire rankings and not use this other website that I love, Giddey is a 20th round fantasy player right now. 200 and 33rd overall. 11.8 points, Point 8 threes, 5.7 rebounds, 4.3 assists, 0.7 steals, 0.5 blocks, 42% field goal, and he's got this legal thing hanging over his head. Jalen Williams going off. Chet Holmgren going off. SGA, Ty Halliburton junior. Got all these guys balling out around and Giddey's just like out there on an island by himself. You know, Giddey's hurting your team more than he's helping you right now. Trade Josh Giddey, Get Herb Jones, a 3rd round fantasy stud. Run him out there every night. Be done with it. Alright. So, Lautoff, I we tried to help you. Hopefully, we did in some kinda way. And, again, like, who's better right now? Clearly. I would rather have, Herb Jones in my lineup than Josh Giddey. There's no question about that. I just wonder if things change a little bit for Giddey moving forward. That's that's where I'm at, man. Doc, anything else you wanna tell the people before we say bye bye? Well, yes. You need to click on this thing, hit the like button, hit the subscribe button, keep us going, make sure we're here every Thursday morning, not usually in the afternoon. Hit those buttons, and, there is a free I don't know if I'm gonna be able to find this or not. You can try rotor wire for free by clicking on oh, man. I don't have it pulled up. I I sometimes oh, I think I got it, Rick. Can you give me 5 seconds to see if I can pull this up? Yeah. It's Rick Campbell. It's Steve Alexander. We are the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast here. Try RotoWire for free at rotawire.com/try, t r y. And then you get to try it for free. You get access to all the tools we talked about today, all the news, everything. It's it's it's awesome. So alright. One more because we're nice people here. Howdy, says, please answer my question with a quick yes or no. He says, should I trade Jalen Brunson and Aussar Thompson for Jayson Tatum? Now listen to me. In a dynasty league? No. In a regular league? Yes. I would do that. Because Monty Williams has the worst rotations in basketball right now, and he's messing with my guy Aussar Thompson, and so no end in sight to that. But, doc, look. I in a dynasty league, no no no no no. I'm not giving up Brunson and Aussar. I think Aussar's gonna have a huge career. Okay? But in a in a regular league, yes. I I would offer that 2 pack up and see what they do. Well, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna trade Brunson and also Thompson for Jayson Tatum. And then when Kamla drops Herb Jones next week, I'm picking him up, slot him in there, and I win my league. It's done. Herb Jones is not a league winner, man. He is not a league winner at 12, 4, and 2 or whatever those, PRA numbers were. Not a league winner, man. Look. We we've gotten, you're you're very welcome, Howdy. Thank you so much for joining us here, man. We've gotten to the bottom a lot of a lot of stuff. Okay? We both think Travis Kelce is overexposed. I think the Manning brothers are overexposed. Doc, not so much. Doc is, we're both Jimmy John's guys. Although, I'm the JJ Gard, and he is the, what was the one you said? The the turkey Turkey Tom. Turkey Tom. And, and so right there, we we we've kinda parted ways in the road here on Herb Jones. Players players that rank lower right now than Herb Jones. Ready? Trae Young. Are you telling me you would rather have Herb Jones in your lineup than Trae Young? LaMelo Ball, Giannis, Aneta Kounobou, Jimmy Butler, Anthony Edwards, Evan Mobley, Dejounte Murray, Dimonas Sabonis, McHale Bridges. The list goes on, baby. I sound like dick by a towel right now. So, Docu Deman, I always appreciate these, moments with you in this podcast. We'll be back next Thursday in a regular time, 11 AM EST. Today, I had to change it up based on, some other stuff in the in season tournament. It kinda threw my whole schedule off, but I appreciate all of y'all's flexibility in hanging out with us here. For doctor a, for everybody here at Rotowire, thank you so much for watching the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Enjoy the in season tournament, guys. We'll talk to you very, very soon.