Welcome into a Wednesday, November edition of the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz here with you as we are every Wednesday. And, Brandon, we got a 3 game NBA slate last night to break down your Orlando Magic. We're in action against the Clippers. We'll talk a little Knicks Cavs. We'll talk about some Victor Wemenyaba takeaways from what turned into a a wild finish, in the Spurs' Suns game. A game that it looked like Phoenix was gonna run away with, you know, kind of midway through, but, hell of a comeback by San Antonio. We'll we'll break down all of our takeaways there. We'll talk about some players who are off to a slow start, you know, one week into the season, whether or not we're panicking about said players, we'll hit on some guys who are in the opposite camp. You know, guys who are off to a fast start. How real is it? Should you be looking to sell high in fantasy leagues? But first and foremost, Brandon, I know it's been more than 24 hours. I know Steve and and Bob talked about it on the podcast a little bit yesterday, but I I wanna, you know, discuss some of the fantasy and gambling ramifications of the James Arden trade, that broke at, like, 3 AM my time yesterday morning. Well, I mean, I I can't say I'm totally shocked. I thought that this would happen, relatively quickly, and and we figured that it would be to the LA Clippers. So this is, we're sort of on schedule when it comes to all of this. I mean, the the most simple take on this whole thing is that long term, this doesn't really move the needle. I think it will it will enhance some regular season success for the Clippers who already are in a pretty good groove. They're playing some great basketball, and I'm not just saying that because my Orlando Magic got walloped last night. They they were playing well coming into that. I think James Harden will help in that regard, but how can you really trust this team when when it comes to the playoffs? I know that their title odds have shifted. They're now, I believe, 3rd, the last I checked as of yesterday, at least, 3rd in the West behind the Nuggets Mhmm. And the Lakers. I'm I'm not or, the Lakers or the Nuggets and the Suns, I'm not buying that at all. I think there's almost a 0% chance this works in the postseason. So so why is that exactly? Is it is it as obvious as James Harden just doesn't show up? We don't trust Kawhi Leonard to be healthy? Because I I think when you look at this just on paper, you have 4, in my mind, no doubt, lock, probably 1st ballot hall of famers, right, in Kawhi, PG, Russell Westbrook, who people forget is still on this team. And I I think it's probably going to be marginalized a bit with the addition of James Harden and then Harden himself. I mean, those guys are you can say it's as good of a course we've ever seen put together in terms of pure talent, but I for me, like, Harden is the piece that I trust the least. You know, I I I could see things finally breaking the Clippers way health wise. You know, they've had so many, you know, tough breaks throughout the last couple of years. And, obviously, that's what you sign up for when when Paul George and Kawhi Leonard are your 2 front men. And, I mean, Paul George just sneakily missed more time than Kawhi since those 2 have been together with the Clippers. So I I think we always think of Kawhi as the guy getting hurt and kind of, you know, ruining their season, but it it's been a little bit of both. And, you know, I think chances are one of those guys ends up being hurt at some point, and and we'll see where they are come playoff time. If if they're fully healthy, I'm willing to entertain it just because the talent level is so high. But at the same time, they shipped out a lot of depth. You know, they basically, like, 3 swing men, you know, all go to Philadelphia. We'll see what the sixers, you know, end up doing with that if if they try to, you know, use some of these assets that they acquired from the Clippers, to to flip those, you know, perhaps at the trade deadline or even sooner, to make an addition on their end. But, yeah, I I I I'm kinda with you on the Clippers. Like, it's just amazing to me that we have these 4 hall of famers together, and, collectively, everybody just kinda shrugs their shoulders and is like, yeah. I don't think it's gonna work. Well, I mean, what evidence do we have that that it is? Kawhi Leonard had that had a great run with the San Antonio Spurs. That was a buttoned up organization that was on the tail end of a dynasty, and he was starting to break out. He gets shipped to Toronto. That was a team that was a Kawhi Leonard type of player away, and he put together one of the most masterful postseason performances that we've ever seen. He's the guy that I kinda worry about the least just because if he is available, he'd be the reason. He would be the catalyst that got them to the NBA finals, but he hasn't been able to stay healthy. And last and one of the reasons why the perception exists that you talk about is because of the last postseason. He was playing great, got hurt, wasn't available. Paul George, as you mentioned, availability hasn't exactly been his calling card, and being locked in focused and great in clutch situations in the playoffs isn't something that James Harden's ever really been great at. He did have a nice run with Houston in the playoffs. If you look at his playoff numbers, they're not that bad. But in closing situations where you need him the most, he doesn't show up, and he's only deteriorating as a player. There's just a lot of ifs and well, yeah, buts when it comes to the Clippers. In NBA 2 k, you can run away with the championship. When I have to worry about these 4 egos working together Yeah. Throughout the season, I'm I I can't buy stock into that. Too many variables. I I'm with you on that. I I do think, you know, if if they run into a fully healthy Denver team, that that's not gonna be close. I think I think the continuity that Denver has, you know, outweighs the the overall talent level with the Clippers. I you know, the the reason that I'm not just totally writing them off is because I think a lot of the things that we just said about the Clippers we could say about the Lakers and the Suns. Right? I think we have significant injury concerns about LeBron and Anthony Davis. You know, I I think we we've already seen, you know, Bradley Beal miss all 4 games for the Suns. Devin Booker's banged up. Kevin Durant has missed as much time as anybody over the last few years. So, like, I I think there's a world in which, you know, other teams break down. And if the Clippers could just stay relatively healthy, like, they can they can at least be in the mix. Like, I'm I'm not just completely tossing them aside. Like, I I think there is a world in which the Clippers are in the Western Conference finals. Like, I don't think it's that crazy. And they move from 17 to 1 to 12 to 1, by the way, to win the title at DraftKings. But I I understand the other side of it. Where does that rank, by the way? Do you if you have that in front of you, where are they in the in the hierarchy of the of the NBA? Are they like success? Right right now at DraftKings, it's, you know, Celtics and Bucks are basically both 4 to 1 at the top. Nuggets, 5 to 1. Suns, 7 to 1. Clippers and Warriors, 12 to 1. Lakers, 13 to 1. And then the sixers moved only from 17 to 1 to 18 to 1 in the wake of this deal. I think that's because that number was already baked in assuming that James Harden wasn't gonna be, around. They just the the market didn't know where Harden was gonna play, so it didn't shift another team's number. But, yeah, that that makes sense for Philadelphia. And Philly, the I don't know if you're ready to transition over to them, but they're an interesting part of this equation too, because they can make a move. How they handle this is gonna be really fun to watch. I think we all know the Clippers thing is likely gonna end in disaster, and we'll just watch that play out on live TV. For the sixers, they can make a move by the deadline to enhance their roster. They can make a move in the summer to enhance their roster, or they could have a conversation with Joel Embiid behind closed doors where he says, yeah. You could do all the work you want. I'm done with the Philadelphia 70 sixers. And based on the assets they collected from the Clippers, they could blow this thing up in pretty, phenomenal fashion. So they can go in 3 different directions here with how they handle this, and it really comes down to, do they wanna do it now, and is Joel Embiid on board? I think getting the 2 picks in this deal, considering they had almost no leverage. Right? I mean, they were backed into a corner. Nobody else had really any interest in James Harden. It felt all along like they were gonna be forced to trade him to the Clippers at some point. Picking up those 2 picks and being able to use those in a future deal, I I think is huge. You know, the role players they got back, you know, I think they just they kind of raise your floor in the short term. Right? And Phillies look pretty good early on anyway. Like, I think the 3 man core of Embiid, Maxey and Harris, you know, plus plus some of the depth they pick up, like, they'll they'll still to be be the 3rd or 4th best team in the Eastern Conference. And then if you wanna cash in some of those chips for a Zach LaVine or OGN and Obi or Siakam or whoever it may be, I think that deal is out there. So I I think you're right. That's why that's why we did not see a dramatic shift in the odds. I mean, usually, if you lose somebody of James Harden's caliber and you don't really bring back another star, you're gonna see a bigger drop in that. But, you know, there there's also a belief here that it could be could be somewhat of an addition by subtraction situation. Just getting Harden away from this team. I I don't think, you know, him being around whether he was playing or not, you know, could have been detrimental in some ways. Although, you know, we I was on NBA radio last night, and we we played a clip of Tyrese Maxey, you know, just singing James Harden's praises and saying, you know, how much he appreciates everything Harden taught him when he was there. Like, there there does seem to be, like, this weird disconnect, I I think, between how fans view James Harden and how players view him. Like, it it's kind of a Kyrie situation. Yeah. I don't get the impression that that that, that his that that his teammates hate him. You go back to that silly white party of that that happened over the summer where there was all like, pretty much every celebrity known to man was there. The Rock, Kim Kardashian, a bunch of random random NBA players. Somehow, Mo Bamba was invited to this party. And Joel Embiid and James Harden were hanging out together amidst all of this drama and these trade rumors and yeah. He he must be a very cool guy off the court. I'll I'll get that. I'm thinking so. I mean, that's never really been, James Harden, I don't like using the term cancer. I think that that has been thrown around there in terms of what he means to a locker room. I don't think that's the problem. James Harden's worst enemy is himself. I don't think he puts the work in in the off season. I don't think he's obsessed with winning. The the report that came out when he was talking to the Houston Rockets not winning. Yes. Yeah. He's obsessed with scoring. He wants he wants he loves the stats. He's obsessed with the box score. Honestly, he'd be he'd be great at what we do in terms of just box score on things. He's probably a hell of a fantasy basketball player. I'm thinking so in many ways on the court and off. And that that seems to be the issue, not so much getting along with teammates. Oh, man. Alright. I I wanna talk about some of the fantasy implications. We've talked about, you know, the gambling movement. Does it sound like you're gonna be betting the Clippers, at 12 to 1. I will I'm not touching that. I do think Philly at 18 to 1 is interesting. Like, I I wouldn't bet them. I I think it's Boston or Milwaukee in the east. But if you're if you're a Philly believer, I I think this is probably as good as this number is going to be, especially if you think they're making a splash at some point. Who do they have to add for you to to feel like, man, I have stolen candy from the candy jar here if you if you took this at at 18 to 1? I've Luka Doncic? Jokic? I don't know. I mean, really That was your that was a little bit more of a heavy hitter answer than I was expecting. I was like, Zach LaVine's not not gonna move the needle. No. I just just because I I think Boston is is that good, and I think Milwaukee has the potential to be that good that, you know, the Sixers adding Zach LaVine, I I think there's still a pretty distant second or third in the east. Be because I I think, you know, I put Boston on on a slightly higher level than Milwaukee right now. And, again, I I think once Milwaukee has some time to coalesce and and maybe make some some additions on the margins, they could be right there with the Celtics. But, yeah, I I I think Philly, you know, needs a bigger upgrade than Zach LaVine. He certainly helps, and he he he closes that gap. But it doesn't make me think, alright. You know, Philly is now the favorite by any means. I actually I I almost wonder, like, would would Anadoby be a better fit for them? Do they do do they need, you know, kind of a a another score first player in LaVine? You know, obviously, he's not the the distributor that James Harden was, but is that is that kinda going down the the same path as as having kind of this one white player? Yeah. You're probably right. I think the Zach LaVine move, is a is a flashier one and and can help this team when they kinda get stuck in the mud. I'm thinking about the the playoff version of the Philadelphia 70 sixers where Joel Embiid is slowed down for whatever reason, and then they don't have anybody else that can pack a punch offensively. That's where they got stuck last year. So, Anunoby, that feels like the smart NBA move. That feels like the smart basketball analyst says, Anunoby. But I need to see a second option that can help when Joel Embiid, is slowed down in the paint. So how good are you feeling right now, if you have Tyrese Maxey in Fantasy? Oh, phenomenal. I we we saw his his ADP rise a little bit, you know, but I I think there was still some caution, you know, before we we knew exactly what was gonna happen with James Harden. He is 7th in per game value right now, Brandon, in roto leagues, and I don't I don't really see that slowing down anytime soon, to be honest. Yeah. I mean, you you should feel fantastic. He, this is part of the gamble of of investing in him come draft season. It's one that I made, many times because I just figured James Harden was going to be on the move, and, it felt like, you know, a win not if kind of situation. And Tyrese, Tyrese Maxey, we're waiting for that big breakout. This could be it. 26 points scored in his last game. I don't see why he can't put up numbers that are close to that, on a on a night to night basis, and he's an efficient player. He's not just a trucker. Oh. I I like what I see from Maxey, and now he's got all the opportunity in the world until we hit the trade deadline if the Philadelphia 70 sixers decide that, that they wanna make a move. But you at least have another couple of months of enjoying the fruits of your Tyrese Maxey, endeavor here. Yeah. We got a timely question in the chat here, Brandon, about Russell Westbrook, who I was gonna gonna ask you about. Freaky asks is is Russell Westbrook no longer a 12 team guy? I I think Russell Westbrook is the primary victim of James Harden's arrival. I I think he will likely be pushed to the bench, and I I still think he sees plenty of minutes, especially with some of the depth that the Clippers shed. But we also have to keep in mind that, you know, Norman Powell has been banged up to begin the year. Terrence Mann is yet to play. I mean, that's another 20, 25 minutes. You know, they brought in Boats Hyland this offseason or or late last season. They want to, you know, get more of a look at him. So, you know, Westbrook so far is off to a reasonable start, you know, in terms of the counting stats at 18, 7, and 6 with 5 steals last night. You know, if you're in Roto Leagues, I think you know the pitfalls with Westbrook. You know, by by the end of the year, he's probably gonna be shooting around 40%. The free throw percentage continues to be a massive, massive issue. That's only gotten worse over the last few years. And if you're in a 9 category league that counts turnovers, he kills you there. You know, does James Harden's arrival in LA, you know, does that make Russell Westbrook droppable? I I don't know if I'd quite go that far. No. I I don't think that you needed to take it to that extreme, but should he be sitting on your bench? Yes. Because of of just the clog that you're gonna see there, with ball handlers with the LA Clippers, and how else is Russell Westbrook really giving you value unless he's one of the primaries in that department? Now where you don't wanna drop him is that we're talking about a team that is going to deal with injuries, load management all season long. So Russell Westbrook will have have his opportunities. Maybe you're if you're in a league where you have to set your lineup only once a week rather than a daily format, I think I'd be more prone to letting him go because I don't know how I'm gonna ride that wave. But if you set your lineup daily, then Russell Westbrook will still have days where you feel comfortable slotting him in there. We did get an update, by the way, on James Harden. Very unlikely to play tonight. Clippers are at the Lakers, and then they they have 4 days off after that before they embark on a on an East Coast road trip. They go out and play the New York team starting on Monday. So, all indications at this point, Brandon, is that, you know, they probably give James Harden a little bit of time to get acclimated, and we he makes his debut for the Clippers on Monday, November 6th. That will be a 4 game week for the clippers, so something to keep in mind there. One quick note on Tyrese Maxey, by the way. Our our our guy, Alex Barutha, mentioned this last night on the show. 91 points, 19 assists, and only 3 turnovers so far for Maxey. Yeah. He's an efficient player. This is a smart basketball player that knows how to find his spots, knows how to get his teammates involved, and, they need him right now, in in the scoring department. So I like what I see from him. I think that the fact that we didn't see that explosion last year that some people were anticipating maybe cooled some of the hype down, but he's still a really good player, and and he's showing that now especially given this opportunity. Alright, Brandon. I want to play a little game of panic or don't panic. And we'll we'll kinda shoot some players back and forth and and and discuss, you know, whether or not we should be worried about what we've seen through 1 week. And you know where we're starting here. We're going to the Orlando Magic. Oh, boy. They they I'm always 2. In a row. They they they got the LA sweep back to back these last two nights. What's going on with Paolo Banchero, man? 9 points on 14 shots in 30 minutes against the Lakers. A season high 15 points last night. You know, it had 4 rebounds, 4 assists, 4 steals. It was a decent fantasy night. But, you know, he's 4 of his last 10 at the free throw line on the year. He's just barely over 50%. The shooting has kinda been all over the place. The confidence feels like it's a little bit low. Are you panicking about what we've seen through 8 days of Paolo Banchero's season? Yeah. It's been a weird start, especially when you compare it to last year where he started off so hot scoring 20 points every night. You were getting comparisons, not in the type of player, but just the type of numbers he was putting up to Wilt Chamberlain and LeBron James in their rookie seasons. That's how that's how wild his start was last year. Again, that's not an opinion. That was just based on fact and numbers, and we're seeing the complete opposite. I I think he's been really passive so far early in this season, much more focused on getting his teammates involved and picking his spots. I was playing his 3 point attempt under every game up, and, last night was the first time that I lost on that one because he just hasn't been shooting the ball. Last night, he he took the shots, and then they weren't falling. So I wouldn't be surprised if they kind of flipped back in the other direction where he's only attempting either none or or 2 at the most. He was 1 of 5 from 3 point range. I don't know exactly what it is because Talos never gonna turn into the star that we all anticipate if he's this passive. I'm gonna blame FIBA a little bit. Maybe that's unfair. I don't know. Jalen Brunson has had sort of a slow start. We've seen a slow start from Austin Reeves. Hasn't really impacted Anthony Edwards. I mean, it's not, like, universal by any means, but it seems like a couple of these guys that played in FIBA are off to a slow start. I'm wondering if that has anything to do with Paolo, who's just played a lot of basketball, over the last year. His usage rate is down more than 5 percentage points compared to last season, which that's just not typically what you see from, you know, a guy like him coming in 2nd year as the number one overall pick. You know, if anything, you usually see a 5% jump in the other way. So I I I think it gets straightened out. You know, it's like if I drafted Paulo Baquero, I'm not I'm not looking to sell him off right now. For 1, he'd be selling low. I, you know, I think there'd be plenty of interest if someone in your league is looking to offload him, pick him up. I I think this might go down as his worst week of the season. The the free throw shooting is the biggest concern for me though, Brandon. I mean, is he it was something that kinda waxed and waned a little bit last season. He was in the seventies. But, you know, is this just kind of a a a random slow start? I mean, I I don't really know how you predict, you know, free throw shooting when we only have one one sample size of it or one season's worth of a sample size. But to to be as erratic as he's been so far, that that to me has been the strangest part. Yeah. I would expect that to get better. I'm a little more concerned about his, long range jumper and and even some of the mid range stuff. He just it seems like he hangs in the air a little bit too long. There's something off about his, his the the the full form of his shot, not necessarily the release, but, the timing of the release. And it just seems like Paolo and they they say that if you miss short, then usually that's, like, the most correctable, way to get your shot back on track, but he he is always missing short. He always hits front rim when he doesn't make a shot, and it just seems like there's a little bit too much weight on the ball when he shoots. That's something I worry about more in terms of outside shooting than at the free throw line where your feet are planted anyway because it seems like it's more of a it's a jump shot problem. So I'm not as concerned when it comes to the free throw line, and he's gonna get his attempts. Mhmm. He's gonna get more aggressive. I think he just needs some home cooking at one home game, and then you're off to a West Coast road trip. LeBron and the Lakers, I remember that last year that he that team really tripped him up last season. I think it's a tough matchup because he bullies guys with his size, and the Lakers are a really big team. So, you know, he's not matchup dependent, but in in some ways, if you're looking for that big breakout, he kinda is. How about LaMelo Ball, Brandon? Somebody I I grabbed in round 2 of my NFBKC draft paired him with Anthony Davis. Felt really good about that start. AD has been fantastic so far, but we are we're 3 games in for LaMelo, and the shooting has been disastrous. 6 of 24 from beyond the arc, 11 of 44 overall from the field for LaMelo. The the minutes have been a little bit limited. You know, they they said they're keeping an eye on him. You know, he's still playing close to 30 minutes. It hasn't to me, that hasn't really impacted his fantasy value all that much. Although, you know, should be closer to 35 minutes per game when he's at full speed. He's still giving you 9 assists. He's still giving you 6 rebounds. You know, the steals have been there as well, so you can't really complain about that. But, the shooting efficiency and the quality of shots that he's taking, like, that that to me is is what concerns me. It's like even if they start to fall at a higher rate, like, I I just I feel like he's playing pretty recklessly so far. Yeah. I, I I am a big Steve Clifford mark. I love him as a head coach, and sometimes I'll just seek out his postgame press conferences because I miss it from his days, as an Orlando Magic head coach, and he is all over LaMelo Ball. He even said it the other day that you just cannot win if your best players don't play well. I mean, might as well have just held up a big sign that said LaMelo. I don't know exactly what it is, other than we could point to the obvious fact that this guy didn't play a lot of basketball last year, because of the injuries. So maybe it's just a slow start in that regard. I think what concerns me the most is that you look at the matchups that he's had, you should be able to feast. It's not like they've played a, a murderer's row here. It's the the nets, the the Pistons, and the Hawks, and you're still struggling with those matchups. So if you're asking me panic or patience, by the way, I just realized that I didn't even answer that when it came to Paolo. Patience on Paolo. Yep. Mild panic on LaMelo Ball. Well, he's got got another banger of a matchup tonight at the Houston Rockets. So if you can't get it straightened out there, I don't know what to tell you. And he plays the Pacers in Indiana on Saturday. It should be another, pretty advantageous one. This is actually a fantastic schedule early on. Like, the more I keep looking, I I like it more and more. They're they're at Dallas on Sunday, back to back games against the Wizards, Wednesday Friday. So I think these next 2 weeks will tell us a lot about LaMelo Ball. Like, those those Wizards games, you know, he could he could go for, like, 4020, or, you know, he could go to a 15 from the field. We we will see. But If they have 2 wins through the if they have, like, 2 wins through that stretch of games, I mean, very rarely do you see a a team season is legitimately over 1 week into the NBA season, but it might be the case for them. I I mean, if if LaMelo's shooting under 40%, that's just gonna be tough for them to win games. You know? And I I don't know what's gonna go on with with Miles Bridges. If, you know, if he's back at some point, that gives them somewhat of a boost, but it doesn't doesn't really change the bottom line for me. I I've been kind of out on on this team for for non fantasy purposes. Alright. Let's talk a little Webb Banyama. We we saw him in action last night. Brandon. The Spurs pull off a a last second win over the Suns. They did not lead until 1.2 seconds were remaining on the clock. Kevin Durant just gets straight up ripped by Kelton Johnson, and he lays it in, just before the buzzer. You know, watching this game and especially late, it's like the Spurs don't realize that they have Webinama on the team. You know, some of the the the shots that Johnson and Devin Vassell in particular were putting up were just difficult to watch as someone who enjoys good basketball. Like, Webinayama's, like, you know, jumping around in the paint. Like, please give me the ball. I'm 5 feet from the hoop. And Kel Johnson's like, don't take me. I'm just gonna bang this, you know, bang this the shot off the backboard and, you know, put try to pull up from 3 and be the hero. Vassell did it twice in the last 2 minutes. So it it's a little bit strange to to see Webinama almost used as, like, a role player for this team. He played only 28 minutes. His minutes have been up and down Yeah. So far. You know, foul trouble contributed to that on opening night. But, you know, we we we have a 4 games under our belt with Webinama. If you were somebody who took him, you know, late in the second round or, you know, paid an exorbitant price for him like I saw in a in a couple of my auction leagues, do you like what you've seen so far? Did you expect more? Is it is it about what you expected? Like, where are we at on him? I like the fact that he looks like he belongs. I don't I don't think, when Binyama looks out of place. I think a lot of people looked and said, okay. He's got this incredible skill set, but he's gonna get bullied. That is not the case. It seems like he knows where he's supposed to be. He, I think he matches up well with some of the competition he's gone up against. The fact that he had 8 rebounds last night against Yousef Nurkic, to me is a great sign. So I'm looking for those little things, and then the explosion will come. The fact that he's sort of just and I think a part of this is by design and and more maybe Gregg Popovich than Victor Wembanyama himself, but it seems like he's sort of pacing himself to ramp up to larger production as the season goes along. The fact that the Spurs are competitive in these games is a really big deal as well. They were competitive the other night against oh, who was it? I'm already forgetting who they played the other night. But the Clippers. Well, they got they got blown out by the Clippers. They beat the Rockets. That's what it was. Are they're open and then their opening game, I mean, they were they were in that one all the way through as well. So we've seen the Spurs play some good basketball. They're 2 and 2 right now, and Win Manyama is part of the reason Mhmm. Why this team is is sort of stable. So the fact that he you know, the minutes you wanna see get there, I I don't know. I think we're gonna deal with that all season long, but, I would I expected him to get owned on the boards throughout the early portion of the season, points and blocks to be there, and we're seeing that. And now he's starting to rebound as well. So I like it. I I like what I'm seeing so far, and he's shooting a decent percentage. Yeah. I I would say considering he's played over 30 minutes only once in 4 games, and he has, you know, a a 23 and a 26 minute game sprinkled in there. Like, the fact that he's still basically at 2 and a half blocks per game is really encouraging. You know, the one thing that has not been there is the assist. I I thought he actually looked a lot better as a passer Yeah. In the summer league and in the preseason. Like, that was just not something that was talked about all that much in the scouting report. And, you know, he's he's hasn't had more than 2 assists in any game yet. They haven't really asked him to do that. But the 3 point shooting too also looks good. Like, he hit a a really nice quick catch and shoot 3 last night, you know, kinda coming around to his right. I mean, it it just looked like it did not look like a 7 foot 4 player taking that shot. Right? I mean, it was it was as quick as it gets. And, you know, I think he's been really, really confident. He's been seeking out more threes, which is huge for Fantasy. I mean, the percentage hasn't been great. He's probably taken a a little too many, at this point. And then free throw percentage wise, he's right at 70, which that could have gone anywhere. You know, a player like him is is really tough to project at the line. He's been, for his size, a pretty good shooter in the past. But if he could get to 70, 75%, you know, on 5, 6 attempts per game, I I think you can live with that as a rookie. And, yeah, I think you assume that he's going to have more games where he's playing 30 to 35 minutes. You know, physically, he looks fine. Like, we we saw I think it was the summer league opener, right, where he was he was gassed, like, 2 minutes into that game. Yeah. I I think he's put some work in on his conditioning and and to add a little bit of weight since we last saw him in July. Yeah. And he and he seems like a leader on the floor too. The the players that that play around him maybe don't, as you mentioned, defer to him enough, but it's still you can feel his presence when he's on the floor. I agree when it comes to those assist numbers. We we spoke before opening night or the like, that 4 that first full slate. It was that mavericks game that I was trying to think about where I actually had the spurs in that game, and I had Victor Womanyama over 1 and a half assists. I thought that that was a lock. Well, that prop did hit the overhit, but only by 1. And he hasn't gone beyond 2 assists at any point so far this season. That was something that we saw a lot from him in preseason specifically where we went, man, this guy's gonna get his teammates involved. So I think they need to figure out a way to have the offense flow through him a little bit more, but that's where it comes back to their pacing themselves. The Spurs know that this isn't about a sprint out of the gate for this guy. I think they'll get to that point where by Christmas, by the start of the New Year, he's gonna feel so comfortable in this offense, and everything's gonna really start flow flowing through him. It's not like Popovich is scared of having an offense run through a big. He certainly did plenty of that with Duncan. Well, they're trying it with Sohan, and, it might be time to give up the ghost on that one. I would like to see a little bit more Trey Jones running the show. I wanna talk to some Scoot Henderson in a moment, but we got a message from our friends at Underdog Fantasy. It's the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS pick them contest. If you have not tried underdog yet, new users receive a first time deposit up to $500 and and a free 6 month subscription to Rotawy. All you gotta do is use the promo code RWNBA. That's RWNBA. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use that code rwnba. That will get you the deposit bonus up to $500 and a free 6 month subscription to rotawire.com. We're also brought to you by Vivid Seats. The NBA season is here. And on behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, heart pounding play from your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you could be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today and use the promo code rotowire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's rotowire, rotowire, for $20 off your first $200 purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vividseats. Experience it live. Alright. Let's talk some scoop, Brandon. We we we got a lot of Scoot Henderson questions in the chat, during the pod on Monday. Scoot did not do a whole lot to to dissuade those questions on Monday night against Toronto. Another another tough outing, for the rookie point guard. 4 of 12, 11 points. Did have a career high 7 assists. We like to see that. Had a couple of steals, but 4 more turnovers, and he fouled out in 34 minutes. Like, I I could not remember a rookie guard having, like, this big of foul trouble issues early on. Like, this is something that you see from rookie big men. I mean, he's got 16 fouls over the last 3 games. Yeah. Some of these, some of these summer league superstars, it it it it's funny how we get tripped up on this every single year. Cam Whitmore, where's he at also? But, much more usage for the guy we're talking about right here in Scoot Henderson who has not been very good early on. When we worry about guards coming into the NBA, this is like the prototype of what we're talking about here where they just they just they feel like they are bulls in a China shop, and I think that that's where you see the foul trouble coming into play. Scoot Henderson is used to using his speed, his size, his strength at the rim to his advantage. And right now, he's meeting competition that is as big and strong and fast and physical as he is, and he's finding himself in foul trouble. So he's gotta get a little bit more creative with his game, and it just feels like he's pressing right now. I can't overly judge him based on what I've seen early on. It's a 4 game sample size. If you ask yourself this, like, I see we have questions about, is he a hold? What did you expect through his first four games? Is it really that different from what you're getting right now? I know it's ugly, but I expected better than this, to be honest. I I thought I I thought he looked pretty good in the preseason. Right? And we saw a glimpse of him in summer league, and we're like, alright, man. He's ready to hit the ground running. I mean, this is That's what I mean. We get tricks by summer league all the time. I mean, he thinks the same game. I I do think the the absence of Anthony Simons has hurt this team as well. Just taken away, you know, the most capable score on the roster. Like, all of a sudden, you're not down to there's not that many players on this team that are, like, you know, even, like, mid level NBA players. Right? I think they're they're kinda running out of depth. Scoot if he's out there with the 2nd unit, you know, you're basically running around with g leaguers. Like, I I think he's been hurt by that. I mean, are I guess the way I would frame it is, like, if somebody's trying to offload Scoot Henderson or somebody drops him in, let's say, a 14 team league, are you picking him up? It it I feel like it can't really get any worse. Yeah. I'm definitely picking him up. I think it would be ridiculous to drop him at this point. I have this stat right here. 19 year old point guard, top 3 pick, NBA career debut. And this is all just based on one game, but just use this as a frame of reference. LaMelo Ball, 0 points, 05 from the field. Kyrie Irving, 2 of 12 from the field, scored 6 points. D'Angelo Russell, who could not miss the other night against my Orlando Magic, 4 points, 2 of 7 from the field. And you've seen what Scoot Henderson has done. These guys struggle. Jabari Smith was somebody we were all writing off last year. I know that's not a guard, but still a high drafted rookie, last season. He came around. These guys, it just, sometimes it takes a minute. They don't burst onto the scene right away. But if you love the talent and what you saw, if you follow g league at night, ignite, or you liked what you saw in in summer league, which can be maybe the biggest mirage of all, I think the preseason was a better sign. Better days are ahead for Scoot Henderson. I I think dropping him would be overreactionary. I'm with you, man. I I think we'll look back a month from now and say, wow. Remember when he had that horrible start and look. I I don't know that he's gonna be on pace for, know, some sort of all time, you know, rookie of the year type of season, but it's not gonna be as bad as it's been so far. You gotta keep in mind, he's he's 19. He didn't play college ball. There's going to be, I think, a bigger adjustment than than maybe we expected. You know, speaking of the the Portland Trail Blazers, we had we had a question. Should I trade Russell Westbrook for Jeremy Grant? I would rather have Grant. I know it hasn't been great so far, but I think he's gonna be more consistent. And he's basically the number one option alongside Shaden Sharp as long as Simons is out. Yeah. I completely agree. And and and guard is so deep in general. I'm not I'm not trying to chase Russell Westbrook at this point. I'd rather have Grant. Let's talk some Jabari Smith. Had a question from James in the chat. Jabari Smith, rest of season outlook. I actually had him on my list, Brandon, of of players that I wanted to run by you as to whether or not we're we're panicking. And, you know, this is an interesting one for me because I wanted to draft a bunch of Jabari Smith, and I just I just didn't get them almost anywhere because you have to pay up, and everybody was was kinda trying to get in on what could be a 2nd year boom. It played better, had his best game of the year against Golden State the other night, 14, 8, 5 with a couple of steals. But it it's been kinda similar to last year so far. You know, the numbers are almost exactly in line with what we saw from him a year ago and, you know, the caveat being we're talking about a 3 game sample. So check back in a month on Anjumabari Smith. But, I I I think some people thought it would be, you know, more of a, you know, impactful, you know, kind of sudden change from year 1 to year 2. And to me, I I think he, like a lot of players on this Houston Rockets roster, is still just kinda trying to find out, okay. Where do I fit in this hierarchy? Yeah. Absolutely. And Jabari Smith was one of my examples for why we should, why we should practice a little bit of patience with Scoot Henderson. Jabari Smith got going at the end of last year, so you kinda figured it would roll into this season. But we're seeing a different Rockets team with a different head coach, and they're breaking in a new ball handler in Fred VanVleet. So the ball distribution is different. He needs to get up a lot of shots in order to be, an effective fantasy option in my opinion. And right now, there's just only one ball to go around. And you add Dillon Brooks to the mix. You add Fred VanVleet to the mix. Jalen Green is always gonna try and get his, and Ayme Udoka is trying to get all these guys to play within a certain system. Jabari Smith, last year, one of the things that I didn't like was that it felt like he deferred to his teammates too much. If you're talking about a guy that is gonna kinda take that more passive approach and say, yeah. Okay. I'm gonna like, I think he's he is almost too coachable, I guess, is what I'm saying. And here you have I'm a Udoka coming in that wants these guys to fit into a new system. Well, Jabari Smith might be over correcting in that regard, and he is somebody that yeah. I'm I'm not am I rushing to drop him? No. But, I I would I would be I would lean more towards the panic side because there's just there's so many shots to go around with these guy. There are only so many shots to go around, and I worry about, Jabari Smith getting his throughout the course of the season. Yeah. I I would almost wait for, like, one big game for him and then try to sell because I I think right now, it just looks so similar to last season, but he's he's gonna have those those boom games every now and then. It's just Houston for being a bad team. You know, it's VanVleet, Ahman Thompson, Jalen Green, Dillon Brooks, Cam Whitmore, Jabari Smith, Tari Easton when he comes back, Shanghoon. It's like there's there's, like, 8 guys that are either trying to get theirs as veterans and trying to win games if you're talking about VanVleet and Brooks. And then you got 6 other young players that you're trying to develop simultaneously. Like, rarely does that work out well. Yeah. Exactly. And Jabari Smith doesn't seem like the assertive type that's gonna demand that he gets his. So No. I think he he could be one of those guys that until, he has a stretch where his teammates go, man, we've gotta get this guy involved. I think he could fade into the background a little bit. Alright. We'll talk about a couple more players in a moment, but we got a message from rival fantasy. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale, basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans the storylines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player matchup and head to head debate could be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game, could play the rival fantasy in house challenges, or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rodowire, and you'll get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now while it's still early in the season. That's joinrival.com / rotorwire. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. We will see you in the arena. Alright. We got a trade question in the chat, Brandon. Who wins the trade? 9 category league, Jeremy Sohan, Wendell Carter, and Keegan Murray, or Nicholas Claxton, Onyeko Kangwoo, and Markelle Fultz? This is an interesting one. I tend to lean towards the front end of the deal. I like Jeremy Solhan's usage, so I'm a I'm a little bit of a usage snob. Whitnall Carter junior has has a very specific ceiling, but I think he has a nice safe floor, so I'm I'm digging that. And, and Keegan Murray, I guess you could kinda describe him a similar way. It doesn't feel like he's ever really gonna go off, but you kinda know what you're getting there. Markelle Fultz, so just too many games where he's just not involved. Claxton's interesting. Where where do you land on that? I I I lean towards the front end. I'm just more intrigued by those players. It's it's really, really close. I'll say that. I I'm not really a big Sohan guy. I'm interested to see how long they they see this, you know, point guard experiment through. I think the offense has looked pretty terrible when he's been out there. I don't really know exactly what they're trying to do that. Yeah. Wendell Carter, I was actually kind of trying to get your opinion on him. Like, you you watch him as closely as anybody. Like, he's he's off to a pretty slow start, and he's somebody that I've always liked, like, per game in fantasy. He's been much better than, you know, than total value just because he's missed so much time. But even the per game numbers haven't been good so far. Keegan Murray, if you're in, you know, 9 category roto league, that's huge for threes. You know, the efficiency should jump this year as well. I I think I like the latter side, though. Like, I I want the blocks from Claxton. He was sneakily, like, the top 40 guy last year. And, you know, Okungwu, we're going through it for, like, the 3rd straight year with him where it it just feels like the hawks, you know, despite signing him to the big extension, they insist on playing him, like, 22 minutes every single night. I he I I've over the years, nobody has guarded Giannis as well as, like, Bam Adebayo and Anya Kogut. Like, he's he's the guy that, you know, has given Giannis a ton of trouble. And I I just I wanna see that unleashed. And, you know, for fantasy purposes, it's tough to bank on it right now. But I I do think, like, if click the pelo goes down at any point, like, the Hawks don't have a lot of depth upfront. Okonwu is a guy that's just waiting to break out. So I I I kinda want a piece of that even if, you know, you have to wait until you're in the season for that to happen. I would give a slight slight nod to to the 2nd package of Claxton to Kongwu and Fultz. Alright. Well, there you go. We've created nothing but gridlock, and, you do with that what you will. Yeah. I agree about I mean, Carter, you I I I think one of the things that we haven't seen come around yet is that corner 3. He was sniping in the preseason, and it just hasn't really been there yet, and that that's affecting their spacing. And Paolo playing the more passive. I'm gonna I'm gonna assist as a big, I think is impacting some of Wendell Carter Junior's numbers. So when we see Paolo become the scorer that he was last year, I think you'll see you'll see Carter kind of get back to his, what what he was last year. Also, a couple of really tough matchups. Anthony Davis was completely locked in the other night. Yeah. He's bounced back from that that very poor second half on on opening night. If you took Anthony Davis in the 1st round, it's looking good so far, but you're never gonna rest easy, but, you know, when you spent the 1st round pick on Anthony Davis, but it's it's it's looked good. Alright. Thoughts on Jalen Johnson. Yeah. This has been one of the if if you're looking for, like, a short list of breakout players a week into the year, Jalen Johnson is probably at the top of that list. He is a top 60 fantasy value so far in roto leagues. Yeah. The numbers aren't completely overwhelming. You know, he had had 21 on opening night. Since then, he's had 3 straight games where he's been in double figures between 11 14 points. You know, he's not not taking a ton of threes, doing a lot of his work, you know, getting to the rim. The steals numbers have been there. The rebounds have been there. You know, Atlanta has kind of a convoluted situation on the wing. You know, you got, like, a 1st round pick last year with AJ Griffin. You know, Deandre Hunter is always hanging around. Sadik Bey is in the mix as well. But I I think Jalen Johnson has played so well early in the season that it's gonna be really tough to keep him off the floor, and we've we've already already now seen him moved into the starting lineup for the last two games. Yeah. This one sort of hurts my, one of my pre preseason draft darling, Saddiq Bey, because he's been outplaying him. And so I think he's he's earned a a larger distribution of the minutes than than what you're seeing from Bey. And as long as he he maintains a positive shooting average, there's no reason why this guy can't be in the discussion for most improved player. He is one of, you think he's been one of the great stories early on this season. So we see this every year. We get this, this first couple week blip from some names that we maybe didn't necessarily expect. But I love what I'm seeing from Jalen Johnson. It looks real, so hopefully our eyes aren't deceiving us. Definitely, you know, in what I've seen so far. Yeah. I you know, he's he's from Wisconsin, Jalen Johnson is. You know, he he when I lived in Madison, he went to high school, like, 10 minutes away. I used I used to go when I, like, fancied myself like a scout as, like, a 22 year old. I was like, oh, I'm gonna go watch this this prospect play. Like, I have never seen anything like that in terms of how dominant he was. Like, I I went to, like, a small, you know, rural high school where it's like, oh, you you have good players. Like, this dude would have would have averaged, like, 80 points a game in the conference that I played it. Like, it was it was ridiculous. Like, he he went to, like, a big school and played other, like, good schools in Wisconsin, and it was not even close. I mean, I I'm sure you see plenty of that in Florida where where the, you know, the overall level of basketball is higher. But I I just never seen that kind of discrepancy between, you know, one guy on one team who is, like, 6 levels above anybody else he was playing against. Well, I'm around the corner from the Mount Verde Academy. So, yeah, we would have that problem. Now I'm not I didn't, I certainly didn't average double digits, but, you know, there there are people that played at Bonford. Right? Yeah. Yep. Yeah. For sure. I played played video games there. Yeah. So you're telling me he was he was dominating a young Nick Whalen. Is that what you're trying to tell? Well, thankfully, I mean, he's younger than me, so I I wasn't I wasn't available to be dominated at the time. That's good. But believe me, I I was, I was beaten down by plenty of players. We played Myers. Yep. Myers Leonard did an AAU game once. That did not go well. Believe it or not, my my team of, like, short white guys was absolutely murdered, by by him, but that's a story for another day. Alright. Interesting question here from w c. Should I trade Ben Simmons for Rudy Gobert? Just got this offer. I would say absolutely yes. I I'm I'm pro Gobert. I'm kind of on an island there. I understand it. He's vindicated me so far. The points, the rebounds, the blocks have been there. You know, I've said it a number of times on this pod. I've said it to you. Like, I I think last season was the baseline for Rudy Gobert, and I think people are talking about him like he's 36 and not 31 and, you know, not somebody who's played 72 to 75 games pretty much every year of his career. So I I he was somebody I was picking up at a discount, and right now I'd rather have him than Simmons. I just I don't really trust Ben Simmons at this point. Yeah. I think it also comes down to roster construction. What do what do your bigs look like? Yeah. Do you need to start a center? Because if that's the case, Rudy Gobert clearly has more fantasy value than, than Ben Simmons does. Curious to see what he's able to do tonight against Jokic, by the way, because of all the teams that matched up with the Nuggets in the playoffs, you could argue the Timberwolves matched up with them the best in the, opening round. So, and a curious line tonight, by the way, Minnesota only a 2 point underdog at home against Denver, something to keep an eye on. I think I might be on Minnesota tonight, and your boy, Rudy Gobert, would be part of the reason why. Yeah. To Ben Simmons' credit, he is a top 40 fantasy asset thus far. Like, Simmons versus Gobert is really close. It's actually closer than I would have thought. And part of it is that Ben Simmons is just not taking any free throws, so it's not killing you, that he can't shoot free throws. You know, that that was something that that had really held it back in roto leagues. Like, even even during his peak years when we thought he was, you know, on track to be like a perennial all star, he was taking 5 and a half free throws per game, and he was shooting 56, 60%, you know, which is just killing you. But, you know, now through through, what, 3 games he has attempted 2 total free throws, and he made one of them, missed one of them. So if he's continuing to do that, if he's not getting to the rim, if he's not getting fouled, that actually helps his value in a roundabout way. And, you know, points have been there to a lower degree. You know, rebounding's at exactly 10 boards in all 3 games. The assists have been good. You know, he's blocking shots at at, like, a similar clip to Gobert, which says more about Gobert than it does Simmons. So it's a little bit closer than I would have thought. I'd I'd still prefer Gobert. I I think there's a little more trust there for me, but, you know, worth noting that that the lack of free throws has actually helped Ben Simmons. Yeah. Can can we get Ben Simmons to, to can we change his designation around the around the fantasy basketball world? Because he's it it seems like he's effectively their, their center at this point. This is a really small lineup, and you just look at some of the stats that he's compiled. He's like their best big. The Nets are a weird team, man. They're they're a very weird team. I I don't know exactly I don't know exactly what they're trying to do, and, you know, this actually, you know, kinda ties in well to a question we just got from from Church here regarding Cam Thomas. Yeah. Would you trade Maxey or trade Cam Thomas? Or I see if it's Maxey plus Cam Thomas for La Bella Ball. Oh. I don't know. Think you can do that right now. I think I'd almost rather have Maxey. I mean, like, Cam Thomas is almost just a a throw in in this. And, obviously, you know, in a in a noncategory league, you're you're chasing the points with Cam Thomas. That's about always giving you. But I we we've seen Cam Thomas. Like, whenever he's had an opportunity, literally every single time he's played 25 plus minutes, he's gone off. Like, there's no surer bet in the NBA than Cam Thomas putting up 20 shots if the minutes are there. Is this is this the year that it finally takes and he plays 25 to 30 minutes consistently? Because it feels like every time he's been given this chance, you know, there's an injury or the, you know, the Nets just traded somebody and he gets to he gets to go off for a week, but there's always an end point to it. And, you know, I'm I'm wondering if is this the year that we could finally trust him for more than a week at a time? I think so because it feels like this Nets roster is the one that they're gonna roll with throughout the course of the season. The they're I don't think that they're gonna be, buyers at the deadline or anything like that. His production has always been inhibited by some superstar coming back and playing minutes, and that's just not gonna be the case. So, he's been definitely playing above his head. Don't get me wrong, but I think that he can maintain a decent average. I can't wait until the Nets play the Wizards to to get a Cam Thomas, Jordan Poole head to head showdown. I I don't know when that is coming, but Jordan Poole. I could that that is gonna be, like, the the chuck off. He might be the most reckless player in the NBA. I I was telling Alex last night. Watch. It's gone as well as I hoped it it has gone so far. Like, it we've had we've had already, like, 3 viral moments. You know? The you had the one last night where or 2 nights ago where he's, you know, kinda tries to turn around and flip up a quick 3, and Porzingis just, like, effortlessly blocks it. You could see, like, Poole's already holding the pose, like, before he realized it got blocked. He had the the turnaround miss in honor of Nick Young over the weekend. I mean, it's we're we're, like, 3 games into this, and he's already providing nightly comedy. Yeah. This is, this is the Jordan Poole experience, and I think we're learning that Steve Kerr was was doing a good job trying to rein him in, and now he is being let loose. And I really liked him in fantasy for that reason. Because I'm like, alright. Now you're gonna get a Jordan Poole with no with with the with the reins off, but you're also seeing the downside of that. I think the rays might be too off at this point. Like Exactly. There needs to be some direction, and I don't I don't know if anybody on the Wizards is is gonna get in his ear. Alright. Any any other players or teams, Brandon, or anything from tonight's slate that you wanna hit before we head out? Yeah. Though there's a couple of plays that I've got for tonight. I'm looking at I haven't placed it yet, but I I am intrigued by, the Minnesota Timberwolves at home plus 2 against the Denver Nuggets. It's just hard to pull the trigger because Denver is such a wagon right now, but that line is so fishy, that I I have my eyebrow raised. I really like the Bulls plus 5, at at Dallas. This is a team that matches up really well with the Mavericks, and we've seen that when the Mavericks play a team that's beneath them, they tend to sink down to their level. Luke has been amazing. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I I would I'll also play his over on points at 32 and a half because he's gone over that total in 3 straight games. So let's just ride the hot hand. But I went back and looked last year. Chicago and the two meetings against Dallas, they won both of them. I think this Bulls team, they're not good, but they're they're good enough to keep up and keep this within 5. So that would be that would be my my biggest play for tonight. Yeah. The game that I'm actually really interested in is grizzlies jazz. I I have plenty of fantasy interests on the Utah Jazz, a lot of investment in in Kessler and marketing. But, Memphis is, you know, very quietly off to a disastrous start to the season. I mean, they've really not even looked competitive for, like, half of the minutes they've been out there. I think they obviously missed Java Rants. They obviously missed Steven Adams. And, you know, guys like Bane and Jaren Jackson, like, they've they've done about what you expect so far in Fantasy, but it's not translated to wins. And if they lose this one to the Jazz, I mean, I I think we are we we we've have enough of a sample to at least start to worry a little bit about Memphis. I'm already worried about Memphis because Yeah. It's just too much on Desmond Bane right now. Teams are are the teams have quickly learned, and I don't think it took them more than a half that if you can slow down Bane or, just make sure that nobody else gets involved and everything funnels through him and make life a little difficult for him, they all have a second punch. And that was the beauty of Desmond Bane is that Desmond Bane was the other guy when you were worried about Ja Morant, and that's how they would kill you. And then, oh, Jaren Jackson with the put back. Now it's just it's the Desmond Bane show, and it's easily easier to defend than, than Ja Morant. So they're, they're up against it offensively. And and Utah, it's it's hard to fade a team that's already o and 4 on the season. They're they're in desperation mode already, but, I I just have no confidence watching this team right now. They lost to the Wizards. That's That's how you go. I mean, that's that's it. If you're if you're listening to the Wizards this early in the season, that is That's a free win. That is a free win. That game wasn't really even that close. You know, you listen to the Mavericks. Listen to the you've lost a close one to Denver. That's forgivable. Pelicans. That's fine. Whatever. Can't be losing by 7 to the Wizards. You you just can't be doing that. We'll end on that note. Good, you know, good to get some Wizards talking at the end of the pod, Brandon. Thank you for joining me. It's a requirement. Yeah. We thank all the listeners, everybody tuning in live, everybody who checks us out in the Road to Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast feed. Like, subscribe. We're trying to build out this this YouTube channel as best we can. We'll continue to bring you, you know, 5 episodes of podcast per week, plenty of, you know, breakout videos, things like that as the year goes along. So we thank everybody for listening along, and we will have doctor a and Rick Campbell back at you tomorrow. Alex Barutha, Ken Crites, and Shannon McKeown talking waiver wire on Friday. Enjoy the rest of the week.