What's up, guys? Nick Whalen here with Alex Barutha. You're listening to the Roadwire Fantasy Basketball Pod. It is Monday, February 26th. We'll recap all the big news from the weekend. Talk about the Trae Young injury, what that means for fantasy. Some of the players were concerned, about getting shut down late in the year. And we'll tell you about the big trades and some of our important leagues down the stretch, more rotor wire coming your way next. Welcome into the show, Nick Whalen. He's Alex Barutha talking MBA for the next hour or so. We will take live viewer and listener questions. So put those in the chat as always. We'll hit those over the second half of the pod. Alex, we we're now entering our 1st full week out of the all star break. Kind of a weird one, you know, with play resuming on Thursday, some leagues that you could set a separate lineup for the weekend. Other leagues carry over to essentially the lineup that you had in there, excuse me, for the half week going into the break. Any anything major for you coming out of the weekend? Any trades, any free agent pickups, any any notable developments in any leagues? I would I would say nothing major. Just, you know, the biggest news, I think, in terms of the fantasy sphere being that Trae Young is gonna miss, what I think, at least a month they said. But I won't be evaluated in a month, which is Yeah. He could be done for the year, to be honest. That that would not surprise me at all. And the reality is a lot of people's fantasy seasons are going to end, some people's before April. So, you know, if you have Troy Young in your team, check when your league ends and you, you know, might make sense to drop him. I think in almost any case, it makes sense to drop him, especially if you're in head to head leagues. Those are the ones that that tend to end a little bit sooner. Obviously, it depends, you know, league to league when when your season ends. Like, for example, our, you know, like the NFBKC League, the Stake League, those go through game 82. So in in that situation, you know, if you have an IR spot, maybe you throw them in there and you're hoping that you get those 2 weeks from him at the end of the year. To me, it it depends partially on league size as well. Like if you're if you're in a 10 team league, like, there's players out there that are going to to be producing for you. If you're in a 16 team league dropping him to pick up, I don't know, like Kyle Lowry or Ben Matherin or something, and you're like, yeah, that's a little bit more unappealing. But yeah, I think in general, we're going to see a wave of Trae Young drops and probably rightfully so. Again, he's going to be reevaluated in 4 weeks. So we're talking end of March for the reevaluation. At that point, I would say it's more often than not that we get an updated timetable and it becomes week to week or more optimistically day to day after that. But I think the important thing to keep in mind is they're not saying he will be back in 4 weeks. They're saying we'll see where he's at in 4 weeks. Right. Yeah. Atlanta, they're in the they're in the final play in spot right now, sitting at 25 and 32 in the east. You know, I it's conceivable they just stay there because they're above Brooklyn who has 21 wins, and obviously, they're going nowhere fast. Goodness. Yeah. So they might they might end up just being locked into play. And then even if they try to essentially tank the season away without Trae Young, it's like they can even really I don't even know if it's something they can feasibly do. No, not not really. I don't they're kind of stuck. Right? I think the big winner here is the Chicago Bulls who now feel great about accomplishing their goal of being the 9th best team in the Eastern Conference and losing in the play in. So congrats to the Bulls. This should, should all but lock that up. But, yeah, Atlanta versus Brooklyn, the rest of the season is gonna be a really sad race, to see who who wants it more, I guess, or or maybe who doesn't want it the least for that 10 seed. You know, to be Brooklyn I think Brooklyn's trying to win. You know, their their first round pick is going to Houston no matter what. That's completely unprotected. So there's no real draft implications. There's no reason that Brooklyn would want to, you know, try to find their way into the into the bottom ten or something because they have a protected pick. Like, that's gone. So I don't think I don't think we can really expect the Nets to take a step back. The question is, are they actually good enough, in the post Jocq Vaughn era to to catch the Atlanta Hawks? And and who knows? The Nets have been the maybe the most confusing team for me night tonight. We did see the hawks, you know, win in pretty impressive fashion without Trae Young last night at home against Orlando, 10992. Dejounte Murray played well, almost a triple double for him. We saw Jalen Johnson put up a a 21, 10, and 7. I I think one of the big winners fantasy wise will, of course, be, Bogdan Bogdanovic as well. Yeah. Bogdanovic, like a nice game. You know, moving to the starting lineup, I won't be surprised if he averages, you know, like 17, even close to 20 points per game, but they got other guys in the lineup. And then in terms of guys who, like, weren't playing that have been inserted into the lineup, you know, it's 17 minutes of Garrison Matthews. It's 11 minutes of Kobe Buffkin, who it's like, yeah. Get Kobe Buffkin out there. You drafted the guy. Yeah. My god. But, Matthews is just gonna be out there. You know, he's not a position to position match for Trae Young, but the fact is Murray slides to point guard. Bogdanovic can handle the ball a little bit. They don't need another playmaker out there necessarily. Yeah. I think other than Chicago, the other winners, you know, are whoever falls furthest out of Philly, Indy, Miami, and Orlando, because 2 of those teams in all likelihood are going to be in the play in. And, you know, then you're looking at, you know, potential matchup with with a team like Chicago or, you know, I think you'd probably rather play Brooklyn than Atlanta because I would guess if Atlanta finds a way to make the play in, Trae Young's probably back, you know, by the time we're talking late April. But, yeah, I think it the bottom of that, of that play in picture in the Eastern Conference is now setting up pretty well if you end up as a 7 or the 8 seed. So the the plan's coming together for the Miami Heat. But, yeah, that's the the big news coming out of the weekend. I mean, we can we can just go back to the same update we have on LaMelo Ball, which is that he's still not back. He's still day to day. You He did practice coming out of the break. That seems like a step in the right direction. At this point, I'm almost hoping he doesn't come back. You know, I'm still holding him in one league where it just doesn't make sense to drop him. I have a 9 r spot. It's it's not gonna end up mattering regardless. But I I want to see more Trey Mann. And this this Charlotte team has actually been, I wouldn't say fun to watch, but they've been a a better product, over the last games. They won 4 out of 5. They they they won, like, the ugliest game of the year. I really hope you did not watch this like I did last night, Alex. This was a 93 to 80 win over the Portland trailblazers who scored 34 points at halftime. 34 points. Portland was 3 of 32 from 3. You might be on some sorta, like, list, for watching this game. The league you know, NBA should, like, give you a free year of league pass just for even tuning into this game for for any stretch. But, yeah, I mean, the Hornets, I I don't know how. They're making things happen. You know? They they and, you know, Grant Williams didn't even play well. Somehow they get a win without Grant Williams taking, you know, 4 threes. Yeah. They, they're going into a tougher part of their schedule, coming up here. So we'll we'll see if this could continue. They they play the Bucks back to back games. They gotta play at Philly, but they have a matchup versus Orlando coming up, and and they have a tough finish to their schedule as well. So, you know, not really a whole lot of reason for for overall optimism with with the Hornets. But, you know, like what we're seeing out of Brandon Miller, I think that's been, you know, one of the if you're kind of scratching and clawing for for high points this season, you know, the fact that he started to come on, he had 17 points on 18 shots, albeit yesterday against Portland. I do want to gloat for a second, Alex. I had, like, the all time stream yesterday. I had to drop I think I dropped Dennis Schroder in a league and I just needed one fill in and my options were very limited. It was for like the later games yesterday. I'm like, screw it. I'll grab Nick Richards. 21, 103 blocks, 2 steals. Yeah. Richards, man. It was a Richards first 8 showdown. Yeah. He's he's kind of a you know, a lot of people if you pick Nick Richards up on the wrong week, he'll get you, like, 7 points, 9 rebounds average. And then if you pick him up, you know, during the stretch that you're kinda talking about, so you could also give you 15 and 12. But, yeah, he continues to be just like a solid option for them as Mark Williams seemingly will never come back, as was jokingly predicted on the show by me, when he was down dragging from doubtful to out. Yeah. That was that was, like, mid December that you said that. That sounds pretty good right now. I made a couple big trades this weekend in the rotor wire stake league where I, I just, I need to move up like 3 spots, to, to get into the top half of the league. This is the league where, you just wanna be in the top half, 16 teams. You wanna be in the top 8. The bottom half of the league has to pay for a very expensive steak dinner plus drinks for the the top half of the league. So I'm a little bit in desperation mode here. I finally offloaded Jaren Jackson. We've been talking about it for over a month at this point. I'm still concerned about a shutdown. Traded him to our guy, Kieran, who was on the pot on Friday. Traded him straight up for Alper and Shangoon. I love that for you. Yeah. I I I assume Kieran needed blocks. I I don't I don't box blocks and threes, maybe. I I don't know the exact, thing. Like, I Yeah. Well, you asked me what I would Go ahead. He's doing better in this league. I think he's in 3rd. So he he's like, look. I just want upside here. Like, Jared Jackson's the better player when they're both at their peak, and he said he's he's trying to make a run at I don't think he can get to number 1, but he could get to number 2 conceivably. And I I wanted the safety of Shangun because I I know you could say the Rockets are like, what are they, 12th right now in the west, and, you know, they're not that far ahead of Memphis, but I don't think they're shutting it down. You know, that's another team that, you know, doesn't really have draft pick, obligations that you're all that worried about. Like, they're they're sending their 1st rounder to Oklahoma City, and that's only top 4 protected. So they're not you know, they're they're giving that up. They're not going to find their way into the bottom 4. But I just feel better. Like, I think Jaren Jackson could be shut down literally any time between now and the end of the season. And I'm also specifically chasing rebounds and and and field goal percentage. And Jared Jackson is not helping me in in either of those categories right now. So I wanted I wanted to check doing it. I think it made sense for for what I need. The other trade, I I sent Malik Monk to to our guy, Steve Belanda, one of our our sales guys, traded Malik Monk for Brook Lopez. I think that's a pretty fair trade. Yeah. Monk Yeah. Monk had that kind of bad stretch during that during that time that Kevin herder and Harrison Barnes also happened to get hot. That was really bizarre, but now he's back to playing well. You know, Lopez just kind of he just continues to beat Brook Lopez. Like, he'll have his 3 rebounds, 7 point performance, but then he'll get 5 blocks here or there. You know, I I think I mean, on the, you know, the per game rankings would tell you you won this by a lot. But Right. Of course, we're talking about we're this is, I guess, good context for people listening. It's like we're deep into a roto league where this is the point in the season where you can be like, I'm really weak in this area. I'm really weak in this area. If I bump up here, I can move up a few spots. Like if you're 1st in threes by a lot, you can just trade 2, 3 point shooters away and focus on other categories even if you lose the fantasy value evaluation. Yeah. And I'm putting assists in this league. So that was part of the reason that I was okay, you know, sending out Malik Monk. You know, rebounds wise, it's basically a wash. You know, like, I would like to get I'd like to think that what Lopez being 7 foot 1 would help me there. Not really the case. But, you know, it's a boosted field goal percentage. He is actually hitting more threes than Malik Monk. So that, you know, that helps as well. That's another category. And then the other, you know, rebounds and blocks are what I was really after most. So, you know, getting the the 2 and a half to 3 blocks a game out of Brook Lopez down the stretch, should be huge. And, again, you know, you can always say that there's, you know, injury concerns with Lopez. He's been extremely healthy over the last year and a half since the back surgery. But it was it was a move that I felt like I had to make to to try to chase down, you know, one of those top 8 spots. You know, in terms of waivers this weekend, I didn't really do much at all. There's yeah. Most of my leagues are are deeper leagues. You know, I mentioned the Nick Richards pickup. That's not gonna be long term necessarily. Nobody did anything too notable. You know, Kieran went out and added Royce O'Neil. He had a big game against the Lakers. That's gonna be a little bit hit or miss, but I I get it, you know, especially with seemingly somebody out every single night on the wing for the Suns. You know, Cody Martin was picked up. Tomani Kamara, was picked up by DJ. He also added Jonathan Isaac, who looks like he's escaped a major injury. We'll see about that. But I thought it was interesting. James so James Anderson is doing well in in the Stake League. He lost Trae Young, and I I think he's also he also has a kung woo, so he's kinda hurting right now. He went and picked up Kyle Lowry, which tells you where the reliable guard depth is in some of these deeper leagues. Yeah. I, look, I don't I don't hate the Lowry pickup. I don't it's it's just good to pick him up and see what happens. That's all I can say. Like, if you lost Trae Young, you gotta get somebody. And, you know, Melton is back, for Philly so that, you know, that could certainly hurt, Lowry once Melton is back to full speed. And, but, yeah, I Lowry's gonna hit some threes for you. He's gonna get some steals for you. But like you said, you're in a 16 team league. Available guards are you you may as well just stream at that point. Just stream whoever's got 4 games. Yeah. Couple couple sympathizers here in the chat. George says, I can't believe I'm losing the best fantasy player on my team, Trae Young. Our sympathies, George, go out to you and anybody, who's rostering Trae Young. I mean, we've said this before, Alex, but really this has been a pretty good season injury wise, right? I think if you took LaMelo, that was kind of the big one that probably sunk your team if you took him inside the top 15, which most people did, if not higher. But other than that, it's like so many of the guys that I was completely staying away from Kawhi Leonard, Paul George, LeBron, Anthony Davis is like for the most part, a lot of those injury prone players have had close to best case season so far. Yeah. I'm trying to do a quick try and do a quick search here on, like, games played. You obviously, we have the Embiid situation. Yeah. Yeah. Jimmy Butler has missed a decent amount of time, but you're right. I mean, I'm looking I'm I'm just scrolling through, like, Windshares per 48 looking at at games played. Mobley missed a stretch. You know, Kyrie is in and out always, but you're right. I mean, a lot of these guys on this list have played at least 45 games up to this point, which is exactly the kind of thing that you want, coming out of the all star break because they're in place to play 65, which is, as we say, like, that's just what you need. Like, if you get 65 games out of almost anybody in the NBA these days, you can't even be mad about it. You're just like, yeah, it's pretty, like, average outcome. Yeah. I mean, I'm looking at just, like, the top of the ADP board going back to the beginning of the year. And, you know, obviously you have Trae Young, but, you know, we're like 50 plus games into the season. It's a little different when something like this happens late. And obviously, you know, it kills you right before the fantasy playoffs. So I'm not saying it's not a big deal, but, you know, at least you banked a good 2 thirds of the season from him. Same with Embiid. Brutal. You're probably doing really well in your league if you have Joel Embiid. And, you know, now you're just in limbo there. But other than that, I mean, just about everybody who is drafted in, like, the top 25 to 30 picks has been pretty healthy. You know, LaMelo, of course, would be the other one. You know, it's like there's some guys have underperformed like the call Bridges. That's been a disappointment. The outcome has been a slight disappointment. But you have the guys like Kyrie, you know, even Karl Anthony Towns, it feels like every other year has missed a ton of time. He's been healthy. Markkanen's been healthy. You know, the Celtics guys have all been healthy. Jalen Brunson to Rosen. You know, even Jared Jackson, who's been a big injury risk, it's been disappointing for other reasons, but he's been healthy. Zion Williamson, of all people, has stayed healthy. Yep. He has. You know, Bane's missed some time. Ayton overall disappointment also has missed some time. Simons hasn't been healthy. That's Simon Simons killed me, in in one league. In our state league, I had Simons. That that was really bad for me, because he was projected to be, I think, my best player. That was that was bad. But you're right. You're right. I mean, I I don't know. I don't wanna go out on a limb and be like, it's the 65 game rule. That's why everybody's playing now. I think it's just one of those years. It's just, you know, sometimes you get lucky. So I mentioned trading Jared Jackson straight up for Shangoon. I also sent you an offer in that league, straight up for Jared Allen. And I I sent it kinda late, so I don't I don't even know if you saw it necessarily before before it expired. But did you consider that one? You know, what was your thought on that as a potential deal? So I I saw it, and then I wasn't like I I was just like, I'm I'm going to bed, which is what Fair. If I can fucking send it to me, like, something fantasy related after 10 PM, I'm like, you know what? I'm gonna wake up tomorrow. I was I was in the lab last night. Yeah. A 100% understandable. But I I went through the same mindset that problem like, you and I have talked so much about Jaren Jackson that I'm not gonna be that guy who trades for him. No disrespect to you. But I understand why you sent it to me because, you know, if I need help in blocks or threes or something like that, then, yeah, I would it's it's something I have to consider, but Allen has still been playing too well. Like, ever since Mobley went out, Allen's taken a step up. Like, it hasn't it hasn't really decreased since Mobley came back. So, I I just ultimately wasn't gonna do it. Yeah. James says he just traded Jaren Jackson for Jimmy Butler. Sure. I'm fine with that. I mean, obviously, Butler's missed so much time that there there feels like some risk there, but there's no shutdown risk with Jimmy Butler. I mean, Miami is gonna be scratching and clawing to stay out of the play in. So I I like that deal. And if you look at total value, there's, like, 45 spots between those guys. But I I think we know who Jimmy Butler is when he's in there. So I I I think I mean, getting somewhat of Jimmy Butler's caliber, Sha'angoon's caliber for somebody who is as much of a shutdown risk as we believe Jaren Jackson to be, I I think that's a a totally fine deal. Good question here from George. He says, hey, Nick and Alex. What's up, man? Just lost Trey and a Kungwu in a 9 cat, 12 team head to head. Playoff start next week, and he'll be either 1st or second. For his bottom 3 bench spots, he says he's holding Dasomu and Scoot Henderson. Last spot, should I stream or hold one of the following players? Olinic, Hunter, or Keontae George? Yeah. So Hunter, is that Deandre Hunter? I would assume so. It could be RJ Hunter, but probably Deandre. Yeah. I mean, Dion it's a Deandre Hunter's a little more interesting now that that Trae Young is out and he's had, like, I don't know. I mean, he's double digit scoring in 7 straight games, which for Deandre Hunter, that's pretty significant. I don't think you could drop Keontay. He just has too much upside as, like, an assist guy. His scoring's been pretty good lately. Olynyk, you know, Olynyk's great per minute, but his role has kind of fluctuated lately. He's if you can get 20 minutes, eventually, he's gonna put something together for you. But I wouldn't hate the idea of dropping either probably dropping Olinik to stream other guys in. But what what do you think, Nick? Well, you know what I'm saying. Do do you have to roster Scoot? Does does this mean Oh, well. You know, Scoot versus Keonta George. I mean, like, I think I'd rather have Keonta George at this point. You know, I know Portland said, yeah, Scoot's gonna start the rest of the year, and then he made one start before the break and hasn't played since. So it's not like that's thought to be too long term of an injury, but he's missed 2 in a row with an adapter. I don't think Scoot is a shutdown risk. We'll talk more about that later in the pod. But, yeah, I'm not I'm not really thrilled about Volutic. It's been pretty up and down so far in in what's ultimately a fairly small sample size in Toronto. You know, at most, he's gonna play, like, 21, 22 minutes. You know, and you said you're in a 12 team league. So, you know, that's a little underwhelming. I think I would hold to Sumu, George and Hunter. That's where I would lean. But I don't mind streaming either. I mean, if you're going into the playoffs, like, it's pretty nice to have a streaming spot open. Yeah. He he George also has a Keontae or Scoot. Yeah. To me, that's pretty close. I mean, Scoot's gonna kill you in the turnover category and the field goal percentage category. Like, Kante is not a field goal percentage god either. Right? He's gonna hurt you there, but he at least keeps the turnovers under control. It really just depends. I mean, it you know, I I hate to, like, put the onus on on people be like, whether you just believe Scoot's gonna be better or not. Yeah. You know, because it it's just it it ultimately comes down to that whether you believe it. I don't know if I necessarily believe it. He's made 9 starts since the new year, shooting 35% from the field, 5.6 assists to 3.6 turnover, 14 points. Like, he can be better. I I just don't know. They're really, really comparable in a lot of ways, especially if you just look at the last month when Scoot started to play a little bit better. But I I think it's a debate for sure. And, you know, part of it is maybe what you need. Like, George is gonna give you, I think, more consistent steals. Like you said, he's gonna be better field goal percentage wise, and we're talking, like, 42% versus 37%. So it kinda depends how much that matters to you. I do think Scoot has more assists upside. Right? That's part of it. And Keanu George is gonna give you more threes as well. Scoot, still not a very good 3 point shooter whatsoever. He says he is punting he is punting field goal percentages as a guard heavy team. So, okay, if you're putting field goal percentage, then that becomes even closer. And and, yeah, Scoot, I I think is excusable, or maybe that's not even the right word. A viable option, we'll say Yeah. Over Keonte George. But, wouldn't really feel bad about streaming that spot either. I mean, we're we're ultimately talking about 2 rookie guards who tend to be really shaky game to game. Best ad for the rest of the week? Ask Jason. Fontecchio, Hendrix, Dort, Giddey, Josh Green, Ben Batherin, or Norm Powell. Okay. We got a lot of options here. We do. I I don't I have to apologize. I don't know the game count for a lot of these guys. I, so I I have the schedule up. We have a great page over at Road to Wire, where you can see the breakdown. You could customize, you know, when your league starts and stops, in terms of county games. This week is it's a 3 game week for most teams. I think there's only, like, 12 teams that have a 4 game week. Utah is is a team that has a 3 game week. So if if you view these all relatively equally, then, you know, maybe you could cross out Taylor Hendrix. OKC also has a 3 game week. That applies to Dort and Giddey. Dallas has a 4 game week. Indiana has a 4 game week. And that maybe yeah. The Clippers play 3 games. Detroit also plays 4. So the 4 game guys are Fitecchio, Green, and Matherin. So yeah. Well, I'll I'll bring this up for Matherin. It's worth mentioning anyways. Started 2 straight games with Aaron Neesmith out. Yep. Neesmith is not playing today against Toronto, and and Matherin has had 2 very good games, like, very good games. Averaging 15 points, 9 rebounds, 5 assists. Huge for Matherin, 5 assists, and 2 steals. So I might I might lean on Matherin by default. If he's got 4 games and we don't know a 100% when E Smith is coming back, that might be my that might be my answer. He also hasn't even shot it that well in those games. He's 5 of 14 in both games. You know, 10 of 10 of 28 overall. So I think there's room for improvement there. You look at Fotecchio, he's been pretty good too. I mean, you still worry night tonight about the Pistons either getting completely blown off the floor to the point that James Wiseman is is playing in the Q4 or, you know, the rotation's just changing on the whim of Monty Williams. They play on the road at the Knicks and the Bulls the next 2 nights. They're off Wednesday, Thursday, then they have Cleveland and Orlando. So that's not really in a they have 4 games, but these are not great matchups. Like, none of these are good fantasy matchups at all. You have, like, the best defense in the league in Cleveland. You got low scoring, slow paced teams in Orlando and Chicago. Same goes for the Knicks. You know, Fontekio, I think if you're just looking for points and threes, that's going to be fine. Should be sustainable. But I think you're right. I think Matherin might be in the move here with a 4 game week for for Indy. Ian says he needs to drop one for a streaming spot in a 9 cat 16 team league. Should he drop Bruce Brown or Onyeka Okungwu? As we mentioned, Okungwu is injured right now. He's going to be reevaluated in 2 weeks. So, you know, obviously, I like him a lot more than Bruce Brown, but this could also be something that ends up spanning a month. So if you're if you're talking streaming in the immediate future, I think you probably have to drop a kung fu. Yeah. Kieran and I got a question on Friday about Bruce Brown. Bruce Brown is just not doing anything. He just really isn't. Like, he's a 100% droppable in almost every single league. Maybe not 16 teamers. So but, yeah, it is made more difficult by Okonwu's injury. You can honestly just drop both and stream both spots, and you might do better than where you do just hang on to both of them. But, yeah, 6 16 team league, so that's tough. Our guy, Matt Carmody, says, Dasomu and Deandre Hunter are on waivers. Would you drop Ahmed Thompson or Alex's favorite player, Marvin Bagley, to pick up either of those head to head points league? Yeah. I, you know, I was actually on the Friday pod sort of encouraging people to consider picking up Ahmed even though because people had dropped him. Obviously, Fred VanVleet came back, but then Ahmed played 28 minutes and 33 minutes of back to back games. Now I only played 21 minutes against OKC last night, so that's a bit concerning, though. He still had 2 steals and 3 blocks. Meanwhile, for Bagley, is not seeing as many minutes, you know, consistent minutes as you would hope or want. It's not even really due to foul trouble. There's some blowouts. They're playing, like, they're playing some Omar Ruiy. They're doing Rashaun Holmes once in a while. Would I drop either of them for for Iota Sunu or Hunter? I think I would drop Bagley for Dasunmu. To me, that seems pretty safe. Yeah. I mean, the Wizards have just gotten completely hammered these last two games, so it's almost hard to take those seriously. Although that might be the case going forward. I think there are 11 Boyd Dogs tonight, against the Knicks. Or no. They're not playing the Knicks. I don't know who they're playing, but they're they're big. They didn't even play tonight. I I'm even I'm talking about I'm thinking about the Pistons. So Arvin Bagley, Pistons erasure on my mind. No. I I think you're right with Dasumo, man. I mean, it I don't see the minutes really cooling off. I mean, it's it's almost like the ghost of Tibbs is still coaching this Bulls team. I mean, he's played 39, 39, 33, 41, 39 over the last 4 games. He started now 10 of the last 11. He's averaging 16, 4a half, 3, 1 steal, shooting over 50% from 3 on a pretty high volume of attempts, almost 6 per game in that span. So I would I would definitely pick up to Sumu. And, yeah, I mean, dropping a men versus Bagley to me that it's a points league. So Yeah. You know, they maybe the defensive numbers from Ammen, not quite as valuable. Yeah. I I should I should I should revise my answer because I I neglected to read it was a points league. I would it's close between Ahmed and Bagley, but in a Bagley's way better on a points league relative, like, to a category league. Like, even though his minutes have fluctuated over the past 5 games, he's averaging 32 fantasy points in 26 minutes. So, you know, you don't have to drop him to add, to Sunu, but I think it's safer to have to Sunu compared to Bagley is how I'll phrase that. Yeah. James asks, Cam Whitmore, Bilal Qullibaly, or Grady Dick for what some have called silly season at the end of the year? Well, you know, I was looking this up the other day, Alex, for the Roadwire NBA show on SiriusXM NBA. Cam Whitmore has a higher usage rate than Paul George this season. So even even on nights when he's playing 17 minutes like he did against OKC last night, he's gonna be getting shots up. That's not gonna be a problem for Cam Whitmore. I I don't know if we see Tahri Ethan again. No timetable for return. That was the the note over the weekend. I wouldn't really worry about that anymore. But, you know, I I think Ahmed Thompson has been the priority over Cam Whitmore, which which, again, is fine because, you know, Whitmore can still give you 25 points in 21 minutes like he did against Toronto a couple weeks ago. I think he he would be my guy of these 3. I have not I've just not been in there on Coolibali all year. Like, long term, I'm willing to to see it through. He's also out right now dealing with a right pelvis injury. Don't see a whole lot of those. And, you know, even the games that he started this season, it will will take the the game against Cleveland out when he got hurt. Seven starts, he's averaging 10 points, 4 rebounds, 1.6 assists, 1 steal, 38% for the field, 24% from 3. I just I don't really see it with him. Yeah. Koulibaly, he I mean, he's gotten like, he's had a couple good games. Like, I I just he's he's he's been in various different roles. Right? He started some games. He's come off the bench. Jurgen Poole's been in the bag of the lineup. It's just cool that Volley never really steps up, I think, in the way people want him to. He hasn't really shown an ability to, like, up his playmaking. He's not a high usage guy. His steals and blocks are good, but they're not elite. So I'm not really a cool Bali guy, to be honest. I think I'm kinda out on that. Grady Dick, it's just gonna be a threes guy. I mean, I know he can do a little bit more than that, but within the context of this roster, I don't think so. So, yeah, I'm on Whitmore. Even though the the the Rockets are the team between these 3, they're at least likely to give up. Yeah. Whitmore, I think, is just going to keep playing 20 minutes a game and keep scoring, like, 15 points. Alright. Nembhard or McConnell, as a a better pickup in, what I what I hope is a deeper league here. So we're choosing between 2 pacers. Nembhard has been a regular starter. Yeah. Obviously, Aaron DeSmith being out has helped him a little bit in the short term, started to play closer to 32, 33 minutes a game. And McConnell just, you know, kind of got to live in life, just backing up. Tyrese Halliburton, I it depends on what you need assist to me, but I think I would lean them hard. I would lean them hard because the assists are close and them hard getting way more minutes consistently. Yeah. But I I advised I I said if you're in a 16 team league, I mean, Nembhard's probably not available, but McConnell probably is. Like, I think I think McConnell should a 100% be rostered in all 16 team leagues. It's too many assists. It's 5 assists per game. I don't care about how low the minutes are. It's just it's been consistent. Yeah. I I would vote Nembhard here, but no. You're right. You're right. I mean, McConnell, even when he goes out and plays 15 minutes, he's still giving you 5 or 6 assists. Nembhard, by the way, has been been piling up steals lately. He's got 8 steals over his last 4 games. That's something you would normally think more about with McConnell, but he he's been pretty decent there. Alright. Good question here. This will this will lead us into one of our bigger picture topics. Are the Jazz a potential shutdown team, and and should we trade away Lauri Markkanen? We want to touch on, you know, some of the biggest shutdown candidates league wide right now. And, yeah, the Jazz are interesting, man. This is 2 years in a row with this team where it just kind of feels like the season is waffled back and forth between are we pushing for a playoff spot? Are we not pushing for a playoff spot? As we've said a number of times, they owe a top 10 protected pick to OKC. So it depends how much they care about that, really. That's what it comes down to for me. And they're they're in, in 11th in the race for the worst record. Yes. Above they have 27 wins compared to Atlanta's 25. Houston's 25. Who think I think they could theoretically get below both those teams and and slide in the 9th. Is he a shutdown candidate? Yeah. I mean, I think I think that's on the table. They've been terrible lately. They had, like, a weird revival, and now they're back to being bad for an 8 over the past month. Horrible on defense. They bench watch a Kessler Walker Kessler again. I would I would trade marketing if you could get comparable value. I think that'd be the safest thing to do. Yeah. Okay. So outside of marketing, are we worried about Walker Kessler? Are we worried about Colin Sexton when it comes to Utah? I am not that worried about Kessler because I'm not even sure I'm not even sure, Will Hardy thinks that Kessler is a winning player. Like, I don't I don't know what Will Hardy even thinks about Walker Kessler anymore. I think he's he's young enough and sort of been in and out of the lineup enough where I think he'll just play. Sexton's a little bit of a different story. You know, I could see him getting shut down if they wanna do the Taylor and Horton Tucker thing again. Bryce sends a ball, maybe put him in the rotation. They give Kyler Lewis a shot. I think I'd be more actually more worried about Sexton getting shut down than Kessler. Mhmm. Yeah. Yeah. I think that makes sense. You know, in Portland, I think Malcolm Brogdon is the obvious one. Right? They're they're saying he could return anytime now. I I would imagine he like, if he gave me over under 0.5 games played, I think he plays again this season, but I I think the phantom injury or maybe a real injury is coming for him. I I think he's gonna be shut down at some point. You know, do you worry about Simons as somebody who has him in some leagues? I yeah. I'm a little worried about Simons. Not, I'm not I wouldn't say I'm, like, panicking about him because I do think it will actually be difficult for Portland to slide into, like, 3rd worst record. But you have 15 wins. San Antonio has 11. Yeah. Well, it doesn't it doesn't matter. You just gotta be at the bottom 4. Right. Exactly. So, again, if you can trade and make it comparable value for a guy you're confident will play the rest of the year, yeah, do that. But most people in your league are kinda gonna understand why you're trying to offload him. So his value is gonna be artificially low. So the nets as a shutdown team, I'm not super worried about them because like we said earlier, their their pick is gone. That's unprotected to Houston. Got a new coach in there, you know, trying to to kind of prove himself and and maybe keep that job next year. I'm not really worried about Brooklyn. You know, Toronto, Charlotte, those those are our teams that will come up. You know, the Raptors draft wise, they owe a top 6 protected pick to San Antonio. Again, they're going to have a pretty tough time feeling good about that one not conveying, but they could get close. You know, Memphis has 20 wins. They have 21. They they could they could actually they could actually pull this off. So Toronto is a good one. Are we are we worried about Scottie Barnes, Jacob Pirtle, any of their veterans? I I would be a little worried, especially if, I mean, Memphis, you know, poking out out an update the other day, and they're like, we're still gonna try to get Bain and Smart back. You know, that's, you know, Toronto has to I mean, I don't think they will, to be honest, but I Toronto has to be hoping and praying that those guys actually see the floor and push Memphis up the standings. But yeah. I mean, I would be worried if if I was rostering anybody from Toronto because they are so close to that that pick, that that protected pick zone. So yeah. Again, if you got Barnes, whoever else on that roster, I would I would look to see if anybody on your team wants them or any of your league wants them. And I know there's this narrative out here that, oh, it's just a bad draft. You know, teams are already looking ahead to 2025. We we go through this exercise, like, once every few years, quote, unquote bad draft comes up. There will be guys there will be guys who turn into really good players. It happens in every single draft. There's never a draft where just nobody's good. That's literally never happened in any sport ever. So I I'm just not buying that area. Like, I I just I don't buy. Like, Toronto is like, oh, they're they're fine just handing over the 7th pick to San Antonio. I don't think so. No. I don't think so either. No. You have to you have to take a shot. You never know. Even if you don't necessarily like a guy you lot, there's you know, there are surprises every single year. So it's it's worth having a a shot in the dark. And and, you know, you could trade that pick. Right? You you at least wanna be in possession of the pick to do something with it. So, yeah, I'm not I'm not buying this bad drafting. There's there will be believe me, come late June, we'll be fired up about, like, 10 different guys. It happens every single cycle. Alright. Admiral Nida says, thoughts on Khris Middleton. Keep or drop when he comes off of IR? He'd be dropping him to pick up either Keontay, Paul Reed, or Draymond. I mean, I I still really like Middleton, as a player. It's just he really can't get healthy, man. It's it's, it's tough. I mean, he's he's better than all those guys in fantasy when he's healthy and when he's playing 30 minutes. I mean, I it's it's it's not even really close to me. But are do do you have a strong lean on this? Well, the way the question is phrased, you know, it's keep or drop when he comes off of IR. You know, it's like I if you're gonna wait that long for him to come off anyway, you might as well see it through with Middleton, I think, or at least see what they do minute wise. Like, if this turns into another thing where it takes him a month to be back to playing 32 minutes a game and the Bucks just want him healthy for the playoffs, then, yeah, you're you're it's probably gonna be a losing value. I mean, I Draymond's the interesting one to me. Like, we talked about Keatte George, the pluses, the minuses there. Paul Reed, you know, kinda is what it is. But, I mean, Draymond's been like a top 50 guy since he came back from the suspension. So that one to me would be interesting if you if you don't wanna play the waiting game with Middleton. Yeah. I mean, Draymond Draymond continues to be clearly a top a 100 player in fantasy. You mentioned he's averaging 10, 8, and 6 with, like, 2 steals and blocks combined, in February. So, Yeah. I mean, I I wasn't gonna hate the idea of, you know, moving off of Middleton to get any of those guys, but I think I like you like Nick said, I just wanna see what the Bucks do with Middleton's minutes. Because if Middleton's playing 30 minutes, he's gonna be better than all those guys. He he also said Trey Man would be an option to pick up. Does that change the conversation at all? No. Middleton still projects to be better than Trey Man, so I just wouldn't do it, for him. Like, Trey Mann's very good. We don't know about LaMelo. That's not really a point. I mean, Trey Trey Mann's averaging 5 assists. So does Middleton when he's healthy. And Middleton's giving you twice as many points. So yeah. Sticking with that, Jay Sizzle says, I wanna drop Trey Mann for IO to Sumu in a 9 cat, 10 team head to head league. Is this a good move or no? The, you know, the the overall ratings would say that Trey Mann has been a little bit better than Desumo, you know, depending on how far you go out. If you if you isolate the last 30 days, it's it would be better to have Desumo, you know, over the last couple of weeks, you know, when when Trey Mann has actually been playing real minutes, that becomes a bit more of a debate. But I would I would take to Sumo either way here. I think there's still some variability with Trey Mann. It's a terrible team. They they're like struggling to get close to scoring 100 points a lot of nights. Like he's leaving assists on the table because nobody can hit shots. And there's still the specter of LaMelo Ball potentially coming back at some point and messing all this up. Yes. I mean, there are you know, if if you wanna make the argument either way, I think the debate would would what we'd agree on is they're fairly equal fantasy players right now as things stand. But doesn't have this, like, negative thing sort of like this potential dark cloud hanging over him in the future. So yeah. And I mean, man might be over his head a little bit in terms of, like, you know, his steals production, for example, that could come down Yeah. Where I I'm more confident even even his efficiency in general. Like, this is his best efficiency year by far taking on an increased role that could cool off. So I'd rather have Tasumo. Yeah. I mean, to Sumu shooting 50% from the field on the year, not just, you know, since LaVine went down or anything like that. I mean, I I just think it's gonna be a much safer bet. There's gonna be nights where you probably regret it, but I I think to Sumu to me is the pretty clear answer. James says, Royce O'Neil, is he worth a roster spot? Yeah. We mentioned he was picked up in in the State League, 16 teams. I mean, he's just had his best game of the year, so it's a good time to ask this question. 20 points, 10 boards, 4 assists, 2 steals, and a block, in a win over the Lakers yesterday. He did hit 6 threes in that game. That's not something he's done since late November. You know, the 3 point shooting tends to come and go with him. You know, Phoenix was without Eric Gordon and Bradley Beal. So that's that's the bigger factor to me. I think, well, I mean, Beal Beal's a injury risk and so is Durant. And O'Neil's has been a good fill in for a lot of his career for for guys. He can do a variety. He can pass. He can rebound. He can defense everything. It's just very, very low usage. I think in a 16 team league, yeah, go ahead and pick him up. I if you're in a 12 team league, I just there's at best, he's a streamer on a 4 game week. Dennis asks, should I drop Trey Murphy to stream his spot or keep him rostered in a 12 teamer? This is tough. We gotta put our Trey Murphy bias aside. I absolutely love Trey Murphy and would love to be rostering him in some of my deeper leagues. It's it's been a little frustrating, man. I mean, the minutes have been there lately. You know, the shooting has not been there for him. He went he's got 3 of 91 of 72 of 10, 3 of 9, 1 of 5 from 3 in his last 5 games. I mean, my fear here is you drop him and then, you know, this is the this upcoming week is when that all reverses. Right. I, you know, I I was hoping the all star break. He come out of the all star break, and he would he would start chewing better immediately, you know, because he started the year with a meniscus injury, and I think that's affected his, his efficiency. I look. I would love to hang on to him. I prefer to hang on to him. His defense has actually been great lately. Past, 6 games, he has at least one steel and one block. I think look. I we talked about at the top of the show. Zion has been very healthy all year. Ingram has been pretty healthy this season. But both of those guys remain significant injury risks. There's no reason they can't get hurt within the next month. Yeah. 1 or both of them. And then Trey Murphy, you know, takes an extra 5 to 6 shots a game. So I'm gonna go counter to that and say that I would stream the spot because the Pelicans have 4 3 game weeks in their next 5. They have 1 4 game week, and that is the week of March 18th. So if if he's, you know, one of your final starters or, you know, maybe a bench guy some weeks anyway, Are you really feeling great about throwing it out there when it's basically nothing but 3 game weeks coming up? Like, I, I think you might be better off just streaming a 4 gamer each week going forward. And by the way, next week, the Brooklyn Nets have 5 games. So if you can if you can grab a net out there for a 5 game week, that would that would be the way I would lean. But, yeah, the schedule is not great for him, you know, coming up for the next month plus. Yeah. That's a that's a good point. I don't think this is like a league winning or league losing move. But a lot of people, you know, a lot of people dropped, Cam Johnson at some point. If you can stream in Cam Johnson on a 5 game week and drop Trey Murphy, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna say that's like a bad decision. Yeah. I mean, 5 game weeks are extremely rare, these days. We used to see a a few more of those, you know, when the schedule is a bit more compact, but that is that's kind of a godsend. Cam Johnson right now, trying to see his roster rate, 76% rostered in Yahoo. So one out of 4 leagues. He might be out there for you. Alright. Matt says, what are your thoughts on stashing healthy players on IR? If you have a buy or playoff spot locked up, takes away your ability to stream. I feel I mean, in most leagues that I play in, you can't really do this. Right? They have to be IR eligible. No. I I I think in our ESPN league, you can you can have a guy hang out in IR. Oh, really? Healthy. Yeah. He has to have been placed there when he was hurt, but you don't have to activate him until you feel like it. Yeah. So yeah. I mean, I what I what are your my thoughts on it? Go ahead. Do it. Yeah. I I don't know. Is is this like a question? Like, do people think it's a, like a a bad move, like it breaks a code or something? I don't I don't know. I don't think so. I think if you could do it, you do it. That's what I would say. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if if that gives you a little bit more flexibility, I mean, you're obviously in a in a pretty good spot here if you're thinking about doing that. So, now if anybody gives you any grief in your league, just send them to us, and we'll we'll we'll set them straight. George points out that, regarding Trey Mann, Charlotte does have a 2 game week in week 20. So that is something to keep an eye on. You know, I to be honest, I don't I don't do a whole lot of like, you know, 4 or 5 weeks out, you know, looking at the schedule. Maybe I have bigger fish to fry in my leagues, which means I have ground to make up. But, yeah, if you're sitting in 1st or second and you you have the luxury of time to to look into that stuff, absolutely. But I still I still like, that alone to me would not push me in favor of man over over IO. If if anything, that's more ammo for the to suit boot camp. Right. I think well, it's hard, you know, it's hard for us to give blanket advice on, like, how many games a team has in a specific week in the future because late in the year, all of these weeks have different relevance to everybody. Like, we could give you advice about, like, weeks 10 through 15 because everybody it's the same for everybody. But some leagues end some leagues are gonna end, like, March 15th. Some leagues are gonna end April 1st. Some leagues are gonna end in and it so they all have different weights. So you gotta check that on your own. But good info. Alright. It's Jordan Goodwin time the roadwire fantasy basketball pod. Any thoughts on Goodwin now that he has a two way deal in Memphis? Yeah. I mean, he, you know, he didn't play in their last game against the against the Clippers. I I think that was more of a contractual issue. You know? And then, obviously, the next day, they signed him to that that two way. So I I think that was it's not like he just got dropped from the rotation. Memphis is such a mess. You know, if you're if you're in a deeper league, I think he's worth looking into. I mean, he he played 2 pretty good games back to back. 1, he started when he came off the bench. The The one he started was that disaster game for the Bucks before the break, by the way. But, yeah, I mean, in addition to all the the usuals who are out for Memphis, like Jon Kochar is banged up now. He's not gonna play tonight. I I think part of this comes down to, like, do you act do we actually believe the Grizzlies that, you know, Desmond Bay and Marcus Smart? They're gonna be back out there when healthy. I don't really believe them. I just I just my own personal the way I I treat it, I just act like they're not coming back. As you can you can there's only so much, like, debate you can do in your own head about, like, are these guys coming back? Is this a lie? So I don't I just act like they aren't because I think it would be stupid. As far as, like, Goodwin, yeah, he signed a two way deal, but it's so late in the year that he should be I think he should is basically gonna be eligible to play the rest of the year with the parent squad. What do I what do we think about him? I really like him. I mean, last year with Washington, I mean, you may have had to be a little deep in the weeds in fantasy, but he was actually ranked 89th per minute in fantasy last year with the Wizards. Had some really good streaming weeks with Bradley Bealout, I think it was. And, you know, he's like basically, for his career per 36, he's been like, you know, 13 points, 5 assists, 1 and a half steals. That's great. You get some blocks as well. And I think you could see increase the most usage of his career in this role. Is he gonna play 36 minutes? Probably not, but pick him up. Here's a good question and kinda ties into what we're talking about with Bain. Torrey Thompson says, I'm number 1 in my league with a cushion, 10 teamer. Someone dropped Devin Bain. Would you claim him and stash him on IR, or is it even worth it? It depends who your last guy is, I guess, to me. You know, if you I don't know, let's say you have like any other kung fu and now we don't know what's going on with him, then. Yeah. I mean, if you're number 1 with a cushion and you're not dropping somebody of real consequence, which in a 10 team league you probably are, I would think about it. I mean, it that like, if you're number 1 and adding Desmond Bane basically makes you invincible and he comes back, it it's certainly something to consider, but I just I don't know if he could bank on it. This feels 5050 at best. And even if he comes back, is he playing all the way through game 82? Is he playing a full minutes load? To me, it a 100% comes down to who you're dropping. If you don't have to drop anybody, if you're picking him up I mean, I I it's some leagues are gonna be different. Some guys are not some leagues, you're not gonna be able to pick a guy up and put him immediately in your IR. You have to pick a guy up, put him in you have him on your bench, and then you have to insert him into the IR. But, yeah, like Nick said, if you're not dropping anybody of consequence, you know, if the right if your whole bench is healthy, you're not gonna have any issues starting anybody. Yeah. I have no issues with that move. Yeah. I should clarify. It's a good point. I mean, if if you could just grab him and put him directly into IR and you have nobody else there, then, yeah, I don't see any downside to doing that. But, yeah, if you have to if you have to pick them up, drop somebody to to in order for the transaction to go through in a 10 team league, that that becomes a little dicey. Anything deeper than that, yeah. I think it's worth the risk. Alright. Dennis says, Grayson Allen or Cameron Johnson, any 12 teamer worried about Cam's low minutes? Fair concern. I mean, if you're just tuning in, we did mention Brooklyn has a 5 game week coming up. So that would that would be the week to roster or even stream Cam Johnson. In general, though, I I think I'd rather have Grayson Allen. In general, I would rather have Grayson Allen. I mean, there's a chance that you can get best of both worlds streaming Cam Johnson. Is it next week that they have the 5 games or 2 weeks from now? I believe so. I think it's next week. Stream him in stream him Cam Johnson next week for 5 games, drop him, and then pick up Grayson Allen. I think there's, like, the ideal move. Yeah. But Yeah. I agree. Grayson Allen's a better long term. Galaxy brain, waver wire. We love it. Tory says I'm I'm going to drop Boyan anyway because he's full. Not much of a risk, but I'd hate to not be able to use the IR slots in case I need them. Yeah. I would say unless your league has some weird IR settings, like, if you need them, then you just drop Bain. Right? Yeah. I mean, I don't in a 10 team league, Bogdanovic at this point is just he's a streamer. He's not Yeah. He's not really anybody of consequence. Yeah. Okay. Another Bain related question. Do would you would you drop Malcolm Brogdon for Bane? So basically a swap of IL spots. I don't think I would, actually. I think Brogdon has a better chance of coming back this season that sooner sooner than Bane. And other it's like I think we don't we don't wanna get necessarily obsessed or not obsessed. We we don't wanna lock into the idea that Bane's gonna come back and play, like, 35 minutes a game and take, like, 25 shots. It's possible Bane comes back the last 2 weeks of the year, plays, like, 18 to 25 minutes a game. It's just out there running around, like, trying not to get hurt, and then he's basically as good as anybody else you could have off the waiver wire. Alright. Last one here from Jason getting it in under the gun. You said, should I make a trade here? My 9 team category league team is Murray, Capella, so Keegan Murray. Oh, wait. I I think I alright. We gotta start over here. Clint Capela, Murray, Jamal Murray, Tyler Herro, Ben Batherin, Brook Lopez, Kristaps Porzingis. I don't know. Might have a copy and paste issue here. But he's saying, should I make a trade? Basically, really hard to say based on, you know, just looking at a roster. You know, you're I guess a little bit guard heavy, but then you got, you know, Capella Lopez and Porzingis. You have no wings. Yeah. Really. If anything, yeah, you might you might have trouble finding some some forward eligibility. Yeah. I mean, if if if there's a trade to make, I think you probably wanna make a trade for a, like, a forward who gets some steals, maybe. I don't think you're getting any steals production from your guys, so that would just very, very quick reaction on that. Yeah. Alright. Final one. We'll talk a Brooklyn Nets question. DFS or, Sharp, Dayron Sharp. And he's saying over Derek Lively in a 10 team Oh. 9 cat league. So we'll we'll rope in the the Lively part of this as well, because that is interesting, you know, with the with the additions that they made at the deadline. So basically, Finney Smith Sharp or Derek Lively? I don't need to we don't need to be rostering Finney Smith. I don't think, Lively hasn't played 20 minutes since he returned from his from his nose injury and Gafford's been there. So that's obviously a concern. That's usually where sharp hangs around too. You know, he's he's been playing in like the 10 to 15 minute range lately, but I think sharp sharp is a better per minute producer than lively. The question is is sharp even gonna like sharp's megats have been up and down all year. If you need the pure upside, I actually think it's sharp as the move. I would I would add sharp if you just just need a bunch of upside. But if you're in a fine spot and you want to play it safe, I think I would just keep Lively. Yeah. You're at a 10 team league, right? So I feel like there should be better options out there, right, than any of these guys. I mean, I wouldn't feel good about picking these guys up in, like, a 14 game week. But if they'll okay. But is this a for the 5 game week? Oh. Oh, right. Right. Okay. Good question. It's like, alright. That this makes significantly more sense. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I think you have to go with 1 of the Nets then. And, yeah, I think in that case, then sharp. I would I would go sharp. I'm not I'm just not fired up about what we've seen from Vinnie Smith. Alright, guys. Great questions. As always, covered a lot of ground here. Appreciate everybody chiming in in the chat. This will be archived on YouTube. We'll throw the time stamps in there. You can click through, listen to whatever you want. Please like, subscribe to the channel, follow us over at rotorwiremba. Follow the at rotorwire account as well. You can follow me at whaoneen. You can follow Barutha, at Barutha Alex. You can now see it on the screen. For some reason, I was not there the entire time. We appreciate everybody listening, watching along the season. These have been super fun. We'll have doctor Ray, Steve Alexander on the pod tomorrow. I'll be back with Brandon Kravitz on Wednesday. We'll have Rick Kamla joining doctor Ray Thursday, and then Alex will be doing the waiver wire episode on Friday. Are we getting the fellows back together? Are are Ken and Shannon back in the mix this week? I believe so. I believe they're back.