Hey, everybody. Welcome to the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast, which is brought to you by Underdog, Vivid Seats, and Rival Fantasy. It's Tuesday, November 7th. Go out and vote. We'll talk about that in a minute. I'm doctor a. He is fellow rotor wire staff rider, Kim the k train crates. Paul. All aboard. Let's go. I'm honored to be back, Steve. Thanks for having me. Glad to have you back. It sounds like we're gonna be doing this every, what, every couple weeks, a few times few times a month. We've got a we've got a schedule set up. We've got a, we've got a format, maybe a what do you call it? What do they call it? A format outline? When you were in college a syllabus. We have a syllabus for this call. Might give us more, intelligentsia than we deserve. Well, we can also call it a format. But, today, we're gonna we're gonna cover some news. We're gonna hit the panic meter. We're gonna talk about some hot players. We got since since the k train and I are approaching a 100 years old, we've got the get off my lawn segment. Back to election day, there's no games tonight, So there's really not any betting to talk about, but we we're gonna we're gonna get into that. And then, some I put some player futures in there. We'll discuss it. Futures, and I've got a maybe a maybe a maybe a Rick Mulholland story if we have time for it. But, I love this story. Please, we gotta do it. K train. I've already had a visit from the cops to my house today, and it's, it's 11 AM. What do you think about that? How many empty bottles of bourbon are in your front yard, Steve? Well, ironically, we sort of picked up the front yard yesterday. And I I live on a very private lot, so people can't really see my lawn. And I live in the Georgia mountains, so, I mean, I'm apt to let things get a little loose. Making your own moonshine, it sounds like, from the location. I let things get a little loose down there at times. But, yeah, my son just learned how to drive, and Oh. He was on a he was in an he was in a fancy country club neighborhood at the golf course where I work, and he was in a roundabout. So he was on his way to being free and going where he needed to go, but for some reason, he turned off that and went down this, like, narrow driveway. And he he realized he shouldn't have done that, So he just threw it in reverse and started backing up, and he backed, like, 20 feet into this dude's lawn and took out, he kinda Like the Wolf of Wall Street. The end of Wolf of Wall Street when he like that, I think. He said it wasn't the yard. So he takes out a light. He took out the yard sign with this with the address on it. He went over 3 shrubs and and basically almost went over the 4 foot retention wall, drove away in front of the guy. License away, Steve. Might be time to take away the license. He just got it. He's had it for, like, a week. So and he also ran over all the cones, in reverse when he got his license, and they I I don't know why they gave him his license. But anyway so dude calls the the guard gate and says, hey. Grab the number of this blue Honda that's getting ready to drive by. And then, like, 2 hours later, I'm at Johnny B's, my local hangout, and this guy who my son drove through his yard, his neighbor sees me, and he goes, hey, Steve. He's like, does your does your the soaring drive a, a blue Honda? And I was like, yeah. Well, it doesn't say this guy's yard, yada yada yada. So, anyway, me and the guy worked it out a week ago or a few days. On Sunday, Soren and I went over there, but the cops did not get notified that we had worked it out. So he was there knocking on my door at 9:9:30 this morning. Well, I'm sure you told him, hey. I have a very important NBA podcast I need to get to. So let's let's wrap this up. I was like, well, I like this story. We need to wrap this up. That would work too long. So, anyway, let's get into this. Yes. Anyway, I I did let my son know he is not going to prison. So I would let him worry about it. Alright. Let's go to the center situation in Orlando, Steve. What's going on in Orlando? Wendell Carter junior is out for 3 weeks. Former Pacer Goga Batadza. I always say I mispronounce names brutally, but It could be Betadze. Alright. Who knows? But he's been getting the start. Everyone thought Moe Wagner was gonna get the Moe Wagner, sorry, was gonna get the start, but it's not. It's been Goga. In the first game, he was 10 and 10 with 5 blocks. And anytime Oh my goodness. Anytime somebody gets 5 blocks, you take notice. Yeah. And then last night, he had 7.6 boards, 2 steals, and a block. They gave the block for more minutes off the bench, but you look at the point differential. Goga had a better game. I don't know why they kept giving Moe more minutes, but Moe's a fake tough guy. He was so terrible when he was with the bull with Celtics. He was atrocious. He made Luke Cornett look good. And, you know, I feel like he gets a free pass because his brother's a star on the magic team, but he's like a fake hustle guy. You know? Fake flop, dive into the crowd when it's not necessary. I hate Moe Wagner. Do people even know that Moe and Franz are are brothers? I mean, I I they don't get very much hype. It's not very often brothers play on the same team. Moe doesn't deserve the hype, but you're right. I don't know how many people know that their brothers like I don't know either. But, you know, Carter's out for a while. So I think the Taz is a good pickup right now. I do too. Because just because of like you mentioned, the block potential. Moe Wagner's never been a block guy. Goga Goga's been one of those great per 36 minute guys that we've had a a free Goga joke running on, other versions of this pod. And, I'm excited to see Goga get some minutes. We'll see. Hopefully, he, you know, it's not like Wendell Carter's Kareem Abdul Jabbar. Right? Like, I'd like to think if Goga had a quality run, they might let him keep starting, but maybe I'm just too pro Goga. No. No. Pro Goga. That that's a, that's a that's a term right there. That's a media, social media thing that really should take off. Hey, Kaitrain. Your favorite player, James Harden, made his Clippers debut last night. Seventeen points, 6 assists. Not only by the Knicks. Right? The Clippers got got beat. Paul George was very excited to have, James Harden on board as he went 2 for 11 with 10 points. Kawhi Leonard at 1853, very pedestrian. Is is this Thibodeaux just being his defensive guru, or is this a mess for the Clippers? Well, it's game 1. Yeah. It's game 1. Harden's still wearing the fat suit. If you're Paul George and Kawhi Leonard. Right? And Harden's making those quotes about, I'm not a system player. I am the system. And I'm Kawhi Leonard. I'm like, yeah. This is the Kawhi Leonard system. You're gonna play in that because no one wants you but us. Who says that, by the way? Said the west oh, only raging egomaniacs say that. Who says I am the system? You know what? I give James Harden that quote 8, 9 years ago when he was, you know, a year into his Houston run. But after that, what kind of nutso raging egomaniacs fuse that out? Well, that's like If you're George and Leonard, are you just shaking your head like, what's going on? That's like drunk, Reese Witherspoon stumbling around the streets of Atlanta asking if the cops know who she is as she goes to jail. That sounds like a video I really need to look up on the Internet. I did not know that was a thing. You have not seen that. That's probably it's probably 5 years old. Okay. Mhmm. Russell Westbrook started, which is kind of important, because we didn't know if that was gonna happen. And given the result of the game, maybe it maybe it doesn't happen in the next one, but, Bones Hyland and Norm Powell both pay played 22 minutes. Powell scored 14, Bone scored 5. I think the bone we can probably pour 1 out for Bone's at this point. And Powell, really. I was shocked. I mean, was was that some garbage time? I was watching the Celtics game. I did not catch too much of this. I was not really dialed into the Clippers game last night, Ken. I'm gonna be honest with you. I I didn't see one second of it. And I was having some DIRECTV issues. Oh, alright. Well, I mean, I think Zubatz is safe because he's like their only you know, he and Plumlee, nobody wants to play do the dirty work center stuff. But, yeah, I think all those bench guys, Powell and Highland in particular, who looked good, week or so ago, how many shots can there possibly be for those guys? And how do you give Harden and Westbrook starting? You think that lasts? I I dude, I don't I I don't give this team last team. Like, I don't know how this is gonna work. I don't even I don't have more raging egomaniacs. I don't know who's gonna start. I don't know who's gonna I mean, the what does Westy do if they put him on the bench? Does he throw a fit? I mean, I don't I don't know. I mean, the the Lakers put Westbrook on the bench, and he he kinda handled that. Seemed to handle it. Okay. So you know? But, like, I don't know why is it like, well, hey. We got Westbrook to turn his game around. We can do the same with Harden. I'm like, oh, god. How many how many high usage? We'll see. We'll see. I try to remind myself, Harden did lead the league in assists last year. Right? Like, he can't do it. I should I should lot like, like, my personal disdain for the guy shouldn't taint my, stat projection form, but it does. Former Celtic and Adam Schefter, favorite. Christopher's favorite. Yeah. Exactly. The Tom Lord. Or another one out there. Oh. Pour one out for him. Knee surgery, which I feel like he's needed knee surgery for, like, 5 years now. Well, repetitive knee surgery. There's like I don't know. Is this his second, 3rd, or 4th procedure? You know, they try to not use the word surgery. You know, Brad Stevens is like, yeah. We could see that coming. Even Portland. Can Portland act surprised? I you know, hey. You know, I I just it's it's inevitable, and that's honestly why I kinda like the Drew Drew for a lot of reasons, I like the Drew Holiday trade. The Celtics kinda burned a bridge when Brogdon when they tried to deal him in the original Porzingis deal. And then Time Lord just can't stay healthy, and we're seeing that sadly now. He cannot stay healthy. And, yeah. And you know what? The Bucks really don't look that great right now, and they missed Drew Holiday just this time. Defense. They missed Drew. Awesome. Damon delivered hasn't had to play playoff defense in how long? They missed they missed Drew's defense, man. But, anyway, Tom Lord, it all it really means is more minutes for Deandre Ayton. Right? Yeah. Gotta be. I thought Deandre Ayton was gonna roll into Portland with a chip on his shoulder, ready to prove people wrong and dominate and go off, and he just doesn't really looks like he cares. He has he should be getting 2 blocks a night. Right? Like, the athleticism's there, but the effort is not. And I think that's why Phoenix is didn't mind. You know, they've they've slowly burned that bridge with him. Yeah. Eaton drives me nuts. Could they go shit could they go small ball also a little more in Portland, get Sharp some more minutes, or am I am I Well, the problem is is 52 year old Jeremy Grant clogging up the the paint, taking all the shots, and getting 2 rebounds a game. Right. That is that is the problem. And he's only there because he thought Lillard was coming back. So he's like, okay. I'll sign. And then he Well, I was they they offered to overpay him to try to keep Lillard, and then that didn't work. And yeah. Yeah. Well, so it was all related to Dame. And then when Dame didn't come back, I I I find it hard to believe that Jeremy Grant's gonna be on that team for the entire season, but Right. Right. Right now, he's kinda clogging everything up to let these kids go out there and just run, which is what most of the season I'll say this. It's not like Scoot turned the world on fire the few games before he got hurt. So No. But Shaydon was. And Yeah. CJ or, what's his what's his Brogdon looks really good, but he's he's old. Well, Brogdon will be great till he also has a suit. He's gonna be hurt any day now. The crew flies. Something broken in one of his feet or hands. So, anyway, more minutes for Ayton. If you've got Ayton, maybe this will get him going, but I, yeah, I don't I don't know about that. Yeah. I doubt it. What's our name? McCollum has a small collapsed time for the second time. Yeah. Lung issue for the second time. What's weird is they're they're not really giving out any details on how long he's gone. But you wisely, and I agree with you a 100%. You put in the notes there's a certain automatic pickup you've gotta make here, based on the situation. Well, people were asking me yesterday on Twitter before the game if I like Dyson or Hawkins or Kyra Lewis. And I I was going with Hawkins just because what have you done for me lately, and he played well in the previous game. So Yeah. On draft pedigree draft pedigree as well. Jordan Hawkins, Yukon rookie, 14th pick, went crazy last night. 31.7 boards, 3 assists, 7 triples Yeah. For the Pelicans. Gunning. Last time, CJ had a lung problem. He was out for a month and a half. So Exactly. We don't know how long he's gonna be out this time, but Jordan Hawkins is the pickup of the day on Tuesday. There's no NBA games. Maybe he's still sitting out there available in your league. Be a good time to go pick him up. Maybe you have a guy like, say who was I dropping last night, at a rapid pace? Like, every league I could get, I was just dropping this guy. Was it Max Strouse? Probably it was Strouse because Might have been Strouse. It might have been lit it up when Cleveland was at, like, half a roster, and everybody went nuts. Like, he was, like, some hot, you know, 2nd year sophomore blossoming. Like, no. This guy's old. This guy's this guy's had multiple two way contracts. You know, honestly, an improvement at small forward for the Cavs because they had nothing at small forward for the Cavs last year. Some defense, 0 offense. But Max Struss is gonna be option 4 on that rotation when everyone's healthy. And I still think Struss is worth rostering in a lot of leagues. But if you if you need to if you need to drop somebody, Strouse and Yeah. My man, Bruce Brown in Indiana, better reality player than fantasy player. Yeah. We're getting on the chat here. Would you take Hawkins or, Schroeder in Toronto? I'd still go Schroeder. I think he's locked in. Then it's a slot. Looks locked for the there's nobody else to play point guard there. Exactly. They have one point guard on that team. Dennis So I probably wouldn't drop Schroeder to get Hawkins, but I would try to find somebody to drop to get Hawkins. Yeah. And a lot of times, you can just throw a guy on the IR and not have to cut anybody. That's true. So don't be mad. Rules. Speaking of injuries, another point guard issue this time in Denver. Yeah. Jamal Murray out for a weak hamstring. At least a week. That could linger. I know. I love Jamal Murray. Man, this Murray just can't stay healthy for a for an extended period. It doesn't seem like when he does, he's he's super fun, and then you forget about the fact that he's often injured. And, but Reggie Jackson to me, he didn't even do anything last night. He looked he looked bad. Automatic pickup, but I disagree. I think I think he's on the wrong side of his career bell curve, inefficient score. The you know, Jokic is gonna get just pick up the assist even more so with Murray out. And maybe you're in Gordon, frankly. You know, they play a little more through him. Reggie Jacks, you know, I'm, all those, like, frustrating years he had in Troy probably, haze my opinion here, but I just can't get behind Reggie Jackson. Yeah. I mean, automatic pickup might be strong. I'll I'll give you that. But he's gonna start, and he's gonna play minutes for the Nuggets, for the Nuggets. Fourteen team league, even a 12 teamer if your bench is terrible. For the next 2 weeks, yeah, if you got a guy on your team you've been wanting to cut and there's nobody on waivers to pick up, if Reggie's sitting there, I mean, that's a guy. Sure rather have Jordan Hawkins, though. I would rather have Jordan Hawkins than Reggie. That is correct. I'm just trying to see what Reggie did last night. I just wanna see I know his stats were bad, but I thought he played a lot of minutes. Oh, they played each other too. It was Jackson against, Hawkins. Yeah. 24 minutes, 7 points, 4 assists. 2 of 8. Nothing to write home about, but he's gonna play point guard for the next 10 days or so. So just keep that in mind. Exactly. Exactly. But minutes will be there. We'll see. Is Bismak Bimbo Bimbo the new center in Memphis? I don't know. You know, they also have Santi Adama finally coming back healthy. He's not exactly your classic banger inside like Tillman. I think I think, Adama and Bayambo, they're gonna alternate there. It's not like Memphis is lighting the world on fire. They they finally did eke out a victory, but I think we know the offensive limitations of Bayambo. This speaks even more to, oh, Desmond Bain's awesome because he's gonna have to carry that offense. But I I I actually picked up Aldama in a bunch of leagues when Adams got hurt. And I think longer term, you know, Aldama's numbers when he started last season, which was really more in the first half, I found a lot more appealing than Tillman's. We don't know anything about these Tillman injury details, just that he had knee soreness. Has anything come out in the last half hour that you've seen, Steve? Not that I've seen, but we I mean, I have also not seen Xavier Tillman do anything to turn my head and get me fired up. And while Bismarck, Biamba is similar in that regard where I don't get super excited when I see his name, if nothing else, this kinda ruins Xavier Tillman. Right? Like Well, it's not like they have a lot invested in Bayambo. Right? Like, they didn't have a choice. Was it Monday or Sunday when they went with Bayambo? They didn't have a choice because Tillman was just flat out, and Aldama is not they're working him back in slowly. I don't know. I need to we need to find out more about this Tillman injury. But Tillman wasn't exactly getting it done when he was in there. I'm just saying if you thought he had 1 or 2 double doubles, I thought. I mean, if you're holding Tillman in in Fantasy, the last thing you wanted to see was is back behind the Of course. And I jumped on the, the Santi Aldama train last year, and I didn't enjoy that ride. So I'm not. That's fair. That's fair. I am not all in on Santi this year. I was, I was a little early on him last year. I will Well I will say that. I thought the big death blow to Santi was Steve Adams returned, and he ain't coming back this season for them. So, I mean, Tillman, basically, 8 and 8, but with a block a game and, 1.7 steals a game so far. Okay. But let's talk about but no threes. Not gonna shoot even outside the key. His November numbers are 3 points and 5 boards in one block. So but maybe his maybe his knee maybe his knee was hurting then. I don't know. He will play he only played 14 minutes against the Jazz on Wednesday, and then he played 24 minutes Friday, and that was the last time we saw him. So his last four games, he's had 8, 6, 0, and 6 points. I would say he was trending down. Yeah. His first 2 I suspect that's the knee. We'll see. We'll see. I mean, look. No one's gonna say our future is Bismak Bayambo. Right? They are not. Let's hook our wagon to that guy. But I'm I'm what I'm saying is if you have Tillman on your team and you want to drop him for one of these top three agents we're talking about, I don't think it's gonna be the end of the world. That's fair. I do not drop him for by 31 year old Bayounga, though. Don't don't make that move. I I would drop him for Jordan Hawkins. Sure. Obviously. I might I'd I'd I'd drop him for Denny Abdija. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Certainly. Alright. Would you like to talk about Bam? Bam. Triple double last night, 22 points, 20 rebounds, 10 assists, road win over the Lakers. He had 4 steals and blocks or as I like to say, Steve, stocks, which I know you enjoy. I mean, Bam was so good. AD had groin spasms. Oh, thanks, mister street clothes. Groin spasms. I you know, that sounds like a dirty joke, not some I've never we've never actually reported groin spasms on rotor wire before. Alex Barutha, you know, I'm watching games and texted with Alex last night. He's like, in my 6 years of reporting rotor wire injuries, I've never used the phrase groin spasm. It's like I think it it happens at fraternity parties, not basketball courts. But, That's good. We'll see how long AD's out. He's not exactly Cal Ripken, but He's vowing to play on Wednesday, k train. I mean, do you doubt him? Yes. Well, he also went back into that gate that was just, like, like a piece of furniture. Like, I don't know. I don't he knows he has this horrible reputation. He does not want Charles Barkley mocking him on national television more. But, this is why, you know, game count, you avoid AD. He's just he's great when he plays, but then he's gonna have these injuries. Dude, how about the fact that these guys are actually trying to power through injuries this year? I I feel like this league mandate is sort of working. Yeah. I don't I don't even know how they enforce it, and yet you're right. It is working so far. I feel like guys have a different mentality. Instead of seeing how many games they can sit out and still get paid. They're actually like, well, maybe this year, I'm gonna try to see how many games I can actually play and take a cue from McHale Bridges. Yeah. Or 40 year old Michael Jordan who played 82 games and averaged well, I think it was over 34 minutes for the Wizards that last season. Just coming out of the front office. Yeah. So Those waiting to go, Bam. Keep an eye on, 80's groin spasms between now and tomorrow night. You know what, Steve? I think I think we gotta jump ahead. I think it's time for to talk about our good friends at Underdog. Oh, we're we're behind schedule. Yeah. Okay. Underdog Fantasy is number one platform for best ball leagues, including fantasy basketball. Underdog's featured best ball tournament for the upcoming NBA season has $500,000 in total prizes. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code rwnfl. That's promo code rwnfl. Visitunderdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code rwnfl to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. And, Steve, I have to correct you. We've got we've got old text in our notes here. It's now the code is now RWNBA. So let me do my usual. That's code RWNBA for your free RotoWire subscription. Now did you do that to me on purpose? Did you put the NFL in there on purpose? No. It was originally in n b NFL. You don't and, I did not make the update. Well, you had it updated underneath, which is fantastic because you're part of the reason. It's actually making us talk more about underdog. In fact That's a good point. In fact, KJ Rain. Yeah. Just to be clear, that code is RW NBA. RW NBA. And I had a little I had a little, underdog problem last night myself. I had a it wasn't a problem. It was actually I had a $5 get off my lawn segment? I I we're gonna jump up there just for just to talk about underdog. Okay. Then we're gonna then we're gonna go back. But so I had I had beef stew. I needed 1.5 triples from him. He comes out of the gate and bangs 2 right off the bat. Done. Green, we're good to go. Kevon Looney, I need one block. He has a block early in the second quarter. Off my off my lawn, good to go. Jonathan Tuminga, I need one block. Bam. Q1, done. Zach Collins is the 4th leg in this thing. 5 bucks a hell of a parlay, by the way. This is one of the most obscure parlays. I love it. $5 to win a $122. I need 2 3 pointers from Zach Collins. Spurs center. Right? Yeah. Q1, bang. Like, first shot of the game, he hits a 3 pointer. Really? Love life. I'm like, all I got he was get through the second half of these games and have one 3 pointer from Zach Collins, and I win big money. And, of course, the Spurs were down, like, 30 to the Pacers. He even got back in the game, though, for trash time and threw one up and missed it. I still had a chance. But, anyway, Underdog, like you said, that's an obscure 4 leg parlay, but it's fun. And it's legal in states where you can't bet, so it's it's it's a good time. Ken, would you like to talk about, the panic meter? Would you like to get us kicked off? Yes. Your new segment. Who is scaring us right now? And I will say, 1st fans, if you enjoy this video, please click the like and subscribe buttons below. That's what funds Steve and I to get to do this work. Yeah. Who's making me scared right now? You've got a strong list. I'm terrified by Daniel Gafford. Now maybe like Tillman, he's been nursing an injury. He's had an ankle injury. He's been trying to play, not been playing well. He's only had one of his 3 games with solid results. There's no other center in Washington. Gafford should be getting monster minutes. I didn't check his Monday results, dude. How did the oh, the Wizards got blown out as usual. They're right there. They're right on the page. 6 of 7, 12 points, 7 boards, 5 blocks. Yeah. 5 the the 5 blocks is why you get him. So, yeah, I as you noted in the notes, well done. He's fine, but, boy, those first first three games scared the heck out of me. I think it's because of the ankle injury. And as you said early in the show, 5 blocks, delicious. Yeah. And then you've also got your guy Wiggins. Wiggins. Who's my guy, I I was I was a Wiggins guy this year. So he was great first half of last season before the personal issue that popped up and made him miss most of second half, And he's just and I expected nice things. I had a low I have him in 2 keeper leagues, low salary in one of the keeper leagues. The other one's camel's thing with no salary. So it's kind of excited for him to come back. What do you think, Steve? Is it he just is it a terrible fit with Chris Paul? I mean, his his free throw shooting, which was bad last year, is even worse. He's at 57%. He has 0 steals in 7 games. I feel like I could get a steal in 7 NBA games. 2 of 9 last night, 44.6 He had a block and a steal last night. So A block and a steal. Oh, that's He broke the stream. Game 8. Yeah. But my fat, you know what, could walk into a steal in 7 NBA games. I mean Exactly. Some like, Wendy would accidentally bounce one off his knee, and I would pick it up. Right. Something 7 NBA. Without a steal. How do you do that? I don't know. He's been terrible. He's a guy that I would I'm I'm dropping right now. I I think he'll get it turned around at some point, Wiggins, but I don't have time to wait. There the way the waiver wire is popping with guys that are kinda going off right now. Yeah. Mean, Wiggins is only 28. It's like he's too young. Is he 28? I probably should double check that. But I felt like this guy's too young to be acting like an old man. Yeah. 28? What? I don't know what's going on there. But you're right. It's terrible. Alright. Who are you worried about, Steve? Well, I was all fired up about Deandre Hunter and the Hawks for a minute. And then over his last two games, he has 12 points and 7 boards total. I don't know what happened in those 2 games. I don't know. I'm not dropping Deandre Hunter in most leagues just yet, but this looks more like the Deandre Hunter from last year as opposed to the Deandre Hunter we were seeing this year. The knee injuries have taken their toll maybe. And, yeah, keep waiting for Jalen Johnson to remember and then remember the AJ Griffin train last year? Like, they have other options. I know they're paying Hunter a lot. Well, I think they want it to be Hunter and Jalen, and I think Sadik Bey is clogging clogging things up there. Yeah. Yeah. Another guy, Bruce Brown, I mentioned him earlier. I was kinda fired up about Bruce Brown being, kind of a glue guy for the Pacers, which he is. Yeah. But he's just not putting up fantasy numbers outside of 3 pointers. So, I would rather have Deni Adesha. Lou Dort is kinda hot right now. I think he's a hot pickup. Tim Hardaway junior might be better than Bruce Brown. Max point on Brown. They put up a 152 points on the Spurs last night, and he only got 7 of those. No steals, no blocks, 5 boards, 4 assists, but 152 points, you get 7? Come on. And then a guy that you you put on my list for me, which is okay because you're my podcasting godfather at rotor wire, A guy that I would never draft in a 1000000 years anyway is DeMar DeRozan. 89th in per game value. I come on, man. And he doesn't shoot threes. He's 34 years old. He now has been mid range. Is tanking. Now the field goal percentage is tanking, which can't do. Yeah. I just I'm not feeling DeMar DeRozan. So those are some of my dudes. Would you like to tell us about Vivid Seats? Certainly. The NBA season is here. By half of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crushed on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans, like Celtic fans, for instance. Every dunk, dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, You can score amazing deals and on arrival to annual rewards all season long. Plus a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Vivid visit vivid seats dot com or download the app today and use promo code Roto Wire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code r0t0 wire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vivid Seats. Experience it live. That's code r0towire for $20 off. Ken, anytime somebody tells me my my ticket will be as legit as my love for the game, I get fired up. I mean, that's that is That's as legit as it gets. That is some good. I love that. I I actually do love that. So, Ken, you may have noticed, we've got, like, a a 110 games in the NBA on Wednesday night and 0 NBA games on Tuesday night. Like, this early in the season, like, I'm all fired up about underdog. I'm all fired up about my fantasy teams. I just wanna I just wanna gamble and watch basketball, and I can't do any of that tonight. There's no football. Like, what are what first of all, what are we gonna do tonight? Secondly talk to my family? Why? So so the reason there is no basketball tonight is because the NBA has decided that on voting day, November 7th every year, whether there's a major election or not, we are not going to have basketball games. Voting and you know the keyword there, Steve? Day. Voting day. And on Tuesday, when are most games played, Steve? Usually at nighttime when the Night. When the polls are closed. So so I can I'm gonna go vote for my 2 city council seats that are open today. I think we're we have a Vermont, there's maybe a rule up about which trees you can tap for maple, maybe. Yeah. Some maple? Yeah. Important legislation. Yes. So the NBA cares about us voting on those things so much that they've canceled the entire season for us. But, again, if the Celtics are playing tonight and the Hawks are playing tonight and Wemyss playing tonight, how would that impact me voting? I'm still gonna vote during the day. I I don't understand. I I just don't understand. Day, night. I don't I'm cranky about it. If there was a presidential election happening tonight, we get any do go late, don't they? The president stuff goes late. I get it. Not too terribly. Sometimes sometimes the polls stay up until about game time. Yeah. I mean, it'll be night time. Look. I get it a little bit for a national election, but for this For local stuff Come on. I'm all in favor of getting more people to vote. I don't see how this gets more people to vote. Let's I don't I don't see it at all. Let's kinda make it like the Olympics, like in every 4 years thing. I like it. Amen. That's wise. The other this is the get off my lawn segment, by the way. This is 2 old guys. Just Larry David just ranting about stuff. Let's talk about Stadler and Waldorf. Stadler and Waldorf for the old muppet. Waldorf, the Muppet old guys. So the the term stocks, Ken, it's a and stocks stands for steal and block combined together into one easy word that fantasy, punnets and riders have. Half of them have adopted it, half of us have not. Yeah. You're into it. You're down with the stocks. I'm sorry. I'm not I see that word, and it makes the hair stand up on the back of my head. Why does it bother you, sir? I don't know. The same reason that having a kid run across my lawn bothers me. I don't I don't I'm just old and cranky, dude. There's a lot of hey. Look. I actually you know, on the Friday pod, I have my old segment called the old man rant. I was complaining about Kim Kardashian sponsorship with the NBA on Friday Oh. Which you can see in the, RotoWire fancy basketball YouTube page. But, so I'm cranky about a lot of things, a lot of things, but stocks isn't one of them. Here's what I like about it. When you're doing a show like this, right, and you're you're repeating someone's stat line, it's really boring to hear this many points on this kind of shooting, this many rebounds, this many assists. By the 5th or 6th stat, everyone's brain is just turned off. So you just merge the stocks together at the end because you're trying to get through it quicker. Okay. I I just don't know. The defensive stuff. I just don't I just don't love the word. I don't know why. Okay. I'll avoid it on future Tuesday, sir. Dude, let's talk no. No. No. No. No. You have to keep using it. You have to keep irritate you. Just poke you with a stick. You have to do it. Cam Thomas, your guy, my guy, he's running my 30 team league right now. Like, he's on my team with Wimby. Yes. And so this is player 1 of our hot, hot players section. Go with it. Talk to talk to me. We're talking about hot players. I'm bringing up someone that everyone knows is hot, but the only reason I'm doing it is because on your the last time you had me as a guest, you said, let's end with big reach bets, and my big reach bet was Cam Thomas 6th man of the year. He was something like plus 45100 odds. Well, Cam Thomas is now the favorite to win 6th man of the year, And Fantasy is offering 44th per game value, 8 category leagues. He is gunning, which is why we like him. 45 points last night and a loss to the Bucks. Now I will say Cam Johnson and Nick Claxton, they're out, but they will eventually return. But, Thomas' odds, he now leads oh, I screwed this up. But, top odds for 6th man of the year is a plus 700. Actually, Shannon, one of my other roto wire coworkers, he thinks he's gonna become ineligible. He's gonna get too many starts. He thinks they're gonna they're gonna sit Dinwiddie who has not started well. Could have been he could have been in our concerning, panic meter section, and so he may not qualify. That's kind of the fun of voting, betting on a 6th man of the year. Anyway, Ken Thomas on fire, Who's your, who's the 1st player hot player you wanted to point out? Gonna be in Detroit. Go with Marcus Sasser. Hello. Not a common name. 33 minutes last night. He went ahead 7 points. Plays for the Pistons. He's a rookie. But the 2 games before that, he had 22 and 19 points. He's scoring off the bench for the Pistons. The Pistons are terrible. Marcus Sasser's gonna get a ton of run. You listen to shows like this, not so we can tell you that Victor Wembanyama is good or that Kevin Durant is old and good. You want it, guys you want names that you may not be thinking of. And and Marcus Sasser, kinda hot. 1st round pick, but all the way 25th. Lou Doran. That timeline the Pistons should be pushing. Right? Yep. Like, why is Bogdanovic still on this squad? He's too old for this roster. Alec Correct. Alec Burks. Yeah. He's talented, but what is he doing on this roster? Killian Killian Hayes. Yeah. It's true. But he's still, like, only 12 years old because didn't he start when he was, like, 8 or 9? Maybe. Maybe. But, I've also got Lou Doord on my list. I think he's a hot pickup right now. And until last night, Dillon Brooks was absolutely on fire, which I don't understand how that's possible. But I don't know how there are shots for Dillon Brooks. Like, he really on Dillon Brooks. You're gonna develop Dillon Brooks over Jabari Smith? Really? Really, Houston? Did you wanna mention your other guy, or are we moving on? No. I have to. Let's stay in Detroit. Azar Thompson, their 1st first round pick. Hello, Stocks. He had a 4 steal, 4 block night on Sunday in their loss to Phoenix. He had 4 steals last night in 16 points. Alec Burks is hurt, which is giving Thompson's already starting, but with Burks out, he's getting even more minutes. He's at 52, he ranks 52nd per game value, 8 category leagues, and really low turnover is probably even better in 9 9 category leagues. But don't sleep on Azure Thompson. Not sure he's available, but check your waiver wire. Nice. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball synonymous with legendary player rivalries. K train versus doctor a. They make the game more fun and give fans the story lines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player match up and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rodowire now and get a $200 deposit match. It's time to step up to the challenge on on Rival Fantasy. See you in the arena. Go to joinrobel.com/rotowire now for a $200 deposit match. This would be our bets tonight section for when we get together, doctor A. But there are no bets tonight per our get off our lawn segment. Sadly. Sadly. Insane. Absurd. So I thought we'd talk a little most improved player. Scott I've got Scottie Barnes plus 55100, which is second, and I'm completely blanking on who's first. I gotta go back to my DraftKings board. And Cam Thomas is 3rd at plus 88100. Who do you like for most improved players, sir? You know what? I you I didn't really spend much time looking at this, because I thought I I don't even know why, Kenny. But, Shaedon Sharp has to be in the running. Now I had a I had a the beginning of the season, I had a player in mind to win this award Yeah. That escapes me right now. I kinda like what Barnes is doing, dude. He was blocking so many shots. And they were deferring him on offense, which was fantastic. Early in the season, he's flirting with triple doubles. He looks like a like a different player, right now than he did last year. So I I think disappointing sophomore year, but seems to have set up this season nicely for most improved. And I think the key to winning most improved is making the all star team. And I think Scottie Barnes has a much better shot at making the all star team than Shaitan Sharp does because Yeah. Shaitan plays for Portland and their map. Tyrese Maxey has the best odds, which is a we expect Harden to be traded, and, of course, he has been traded. He's a plus 200, which is understandable. I think Maxey appropriately is the favorite. Alright. Let's cut to our closing segment, Steve, which I I am looking forward to this every time you have me on the show. I wanna hear Steve's brush with greatness when you bump when you used to bump into veteran NBA players back in Indiana. And, you know, a favorite beef brother of mine is somebody you've met in person. I was hoping you're gonna show the shoes. I've got the shoes. I've got I've got the shoes. I'll try to I'll try to keep this short and sweet. So when I was a kid, as most of you know, I used to hang out, after Pacer games and meet players. I've meet them before the game, meet them after games. I tried to get them to give me stuff. A lot of times, they gave me a pair of shoes like this one. Oh, the horns. Rick Mulhorne's Converse. And these are Piston days, not his, Bullets days. Is that right? This, I believe, was a Pistons shoe, but the first time I met him was as a Bullitt. So so it was after a Bullitts game. Back then, they called them the Washington Bullets. Are we allowed to say that on the RotoWire Basketball podcast? Wes Ansell and Alvin Hayes would insist you say bullets. Okay. Bobby Dandridge. Kevin Greedy. So Rick Mulholland was a big bruise brother with the bullets. Beef brother, the beef brothers. Right? Or is it Bruce beef? It was beef brothers with Jeff Rulan, and they had a fantastic poster of the 2 of them in butcher jackets. And as I recall as I recall, Rick Lahore had gotten into a altercation with Herb Williams during the game this particular night. And her and for some reason, Rick Mahorn was in a hurry to get back to the the Hyatt, the hotel in Indianapolis. And this is probably 1980 4, 83. And, he's outside the Pacers locker room with me because I'm just hanging out. And, he's asking Pacers if he can have a ride back to his hotel. And they're like, no, man. He's got in a fight with her. We're not giving you a ride. And after he asked 2 or 3 guys, I was like, hey, Rick. He turns around and looks at me. I'm like, I got a car. He's like, let's go. So Rick And you're how old horn. You're how old are the boys? I'm 16. I'm like my son that just backed through this man's lawn. I just turned 16. Sweet ride, though. Weren't you didn't you have a sweet ride then? Is that what you I had a 67 Camaro. Yes. Oh, as did I. That was basically breaking in half. Destiny to do this pod together. We both phoned a 67 Camaro. It it was basically breaking in half, and it was the worst snow car you could ever give a kid to drive in Indiana. Right? Yeah. Absolutely. So Rick and I get in the car. He goes, oh, man. I got this same car at home. And I'm like, what is going on? I'm sitting in a car at midnight with Rick Mulholland. Post fight. Post fight. And I'm driving him to the Hyatt. Let's see. I hope I can get there. It's 2 blocks that way. So I we start driving, and I'm, like, trying to think of things to to say to Rick Warren. His knees are, like, up in his chin. Like, he barely fits in the car. He's huge, man. And I go, hey. So I knew Buck Williams was leading the the league in rebounding rebounds at that time, and I so I told Rick. I said I asked him. I said, hey, Rick. What do you think about Buck Williams? He's he's kind of a a stud rebounder, isn't he? And he looks at me, and he goes, man, Buck Williams is a bleepity bleep, bleep. I was like, okay. 16? I think you made a cat reference to to at the time. There may have been a a cat reference. So I just keep driving straight, pull into the Hyatt about 5 minutes you know, 2 minutes later. And, he gets out of the car, and he's like he's like, hey, man. He's like, thanks for the ride. Hold on a second. Let me and he he pulls the old, the old horns out of the bag and gives me gives me kids don't know. Those Converse shoes, that was the top shoe back then. Those were the shoes. Oh, all everything I have, I have 40 pairs. They're almost all Converse and Adidas. It was before Jordan, Nike I had one pair of Nikes. They were low cut. The red the the first ones from, what was that guy's name? I forgot. Mike, Mike Bantam. I don't know. But Bird and Magic were Converse at those days. That was Everybody was. Converse. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. So, anyway, when when Mulhore came back the next time with the Pistons, I was outside the locker room when he saw me, and he goes, hey, man. You wanna give me a ride again? I'm like, yep. So I give him another ride. Oh, yeah. I do. He used to leave tickets. And so he recognized you the second time. Yeah. Yeah. He used to leave tickets for me, at will call, and, we became buddies. And I haven't I haven't talked to him since I was in high school. So he he I am unrecognizable to him at this point. If I walked up to him on the street, he would be like, what? But, anyway So 16 year old doctor a does not look like the current doctor a you're saying? No. Well, we we'll break out that photo evidence, next show. There's still 54 people here listening to this, so that's that's awesome. That's good. Yeah. Would you like to talk about the rotor wire draft kit? Yeah. We'll end with this. Please, fans, go to rotawire.com/try for a free free free trial of all the features on rotawire.com. All the rankings you heard us refer to, the daily lineups both for today and tomorrow, extremely popular pages. All the, roughly 40,000 NBA player news notes and analysis that we write, the DFS lineup optimizer, all the tools across every sport available for you, help with your fantasy football team. Just go to rotowire.com/try. And, I think that's it, doc. Any any farewell, quotes for the fans? Well, I'm I again, I'm just trying to figure out what I'm gonna do tonight. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go to Johnny B's and join the old ladies, including my wife, that play Yahtzee every Tuesday. That's so My daughter is hosting, music bingo. I mean, I've got a full light full night, lined up in front of me now. I just I just figured it out. When there's no NBA, you're like, oh, I do have a family. I don't need basketball. I have people that I live with. And Wednesday night, we'll just get right back at it. Yeah. See y'all. It was nice Alright. It was nice knowing you on Tuesday. Thanks, doctor a. We'll do it again soon. Yeah. Coming on.