Hello, and welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast sponsored by underdog Vivid Seats and Rival Fantasy. It's Thursday, November 2nd, I think. He's Rick. I'm Doc, and we're getting ready to rock. Hey. What's going on, everybody? Welcome to the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. I am so happy to be back. I had the flu for 8 and a half days. I know Steve has been battling an illness here. A lot of you, maybe it's cold and flu season, but your boys are back. The OGs are back. And we've got so much to get to, Steve. Last night in the NBA was it was it was awesome. It was really phenomenal. There's been a lot of, for me, I've had a problem with the lack of competitiveness in a lot of these games. And so if you stayed up late in the eastern time zone, we were all able to watch the Lakers and Clippers be extremely competitive overtime game. Klay Thompson hit a game winner last night for the Dubs, and we'll get to all of it here. We'll talk about, some guys who are catching our eye, maybe both in a good way and a bad way as we move along here. But, Steve, what a ballgame. And I know you're a night owl like me, so you were up until god knows when. For me watching a little bit behind live off the DVR, about 1:45 AM, I got to see the end of the Lakers and the Clippers. But what I loved about that, Steve, was old goats flipping, load management, the bird. Alright. LeBron was in his 3rd game in 4 nights, played 42 minutes last night, went 35, 127, had the flamethrower with the shot. Kawhi Leonard, second of a back to back, he was vintage. 38, 6, and 5, 2 steals, 5 threes. That was the good stuff last night, bro. Yeah. And I had, Bob Rathman on with me Tuesday, and he he was really excited about the attitude the league is taking toward load load management. He hates it, and he said a lot of these guys hate it, and they don't wanna be load managed. But but teams almost force them, at times. So pretty cool that we haven't really heard a lot about AD and LeBron being questionable. Kawhi's been out there every night. So yeah. And and what was even better about it was AD got that breakaway dunk towards the end of the game that gave him his 25th point, I think, and, won me a little little cash in underdog. So it was, it was good. I like it, man. I like it a lot. So, guys, you know, Jimmy Butler could take note of this. Right? I am so tired with Jimmy Butler and the whole heat thing, taking these games off. They freaking took an l last night to the Brooklyn Nets without Spencer Dinwiddie, Nick Claxton, and Cam Johnson at home. This cannot happen. So so just to juxtapose that, I want Jimmy Butler to start drinking what LeBron and Kawhi are drinking. You had reservations on Anthony Davis, doctor a, coming into the season and rightly so, most of the free world did. I did not. I told you that I was wide open and fancy free on Anthony Davis. Okay? Last night, 27 and 10, 4 blocks, 10 of 18, he was unreal on the season. 26 and 13, 3 assists, 3 blocks, 1.4 steals, 53, 4385 are a shooting splits right now. Are you ready to plug in? Are you like, nah. This is 1 week, and the other shoe is gonna fall? Like, where you at with Anthony Davis, man? Oh, I just posted something I was not supposed to post. Oh. You know, I am I'm coming around a little bit, but as uncle Bob told me on Tuesday, you really can't judge anything in this league until we hit 20 games. So if AD is still out there cranking away at, 20 games, I'm all in. But I I just like I said, I mean, I I fully admit that I feel like those guys are are like, screw load management. We wanna go play, and and it's a different mentality, than it has been. Instead of trying to see who can miss the most games, they they may take a page out of Mikael Bridges and see who can who can or, Yeah. Mikael Bridges and see who can miss the fewest games. There are some teams that are, like, in totally locked in go for it mode, playing their guys, and there's some teams that aren't. I mean, Golden State comes to mind, locked in right now. Lakers and Clippers come to mind, locked in, going for it right now. It's very, very fun. So, so let let's shift over here to Kawhi Leonard and Paul George for a minute here. Doctor A, and I wanna bring James Harden into this conversation. I have never seen Paul George and Kawhi Leonard better together in a clipper uniform, than right now at the start of this season. Paul George was phenomenal before he fall fouled out last night. 35 and 6 had 6 threes, 20 in the Q4, made all 3 free throws to tie the game. Amazing. Kawhi, as we said, was great last night. On the season, Paul George, massive. 29, 5, and 4. 2 steals per game. 50, 50, 90 with the shooting splits. Kawhi going 23, 6, and 5, 2 steals. The shooting's been very, very crisp from him. I don't think it's a coincidence, doctor a, because we've got contractors from both of these guys. But James Harden now comes in. And and so I'll let you go first on this. Is is he going to throw off Paul George and Kawhi Leonard, or is all of the announcers on TV are saying make their jobs even easier and and help them sustain the numbers they're putting up right now? How do you think James Harden, it being that that whale in that swimming pool out there in LA, is going to impact George and Kawhi if at all? Well, it's gonna have an impact. Right? There there's an impact because Russell Westbrook may come off the bench. Bones Hyland is gonna go away, and Bones is playing well. I mean, this is devastating for Bones, which makes me makes me kinda sad. And then Harden is is yeah. He's gonna get a lot of assists, but he's also gonna need the ball in his hands. He's also gonna need to be able to score. So I think that is gonna impact the scoring apology of Kawhi a little bit. And then the fact that they're it's a new it's a new, mind and and personality you're throwing in there. I I just think everybody is fascinated by it. It's kinda like a scientific experiment. We don't it could go really, really well. It could go really, really poorly. But, man, I I I just I I think the way that Kawhi Leonard has looked in especially last night, like, he the game before, he wasn't very good. But outside of that, he's been awesome all season. And and PG was money last night too. I'm worried about it disrupting what they have going. I am as well. I don't like to trade. I would not have done this if I were the LA Clippers. I thought their vibe. I thought their, role definition. I I thought they had a lot of things going for themselves. Right? Their stars are healthy. Now you bring in James Harden, and, Steve Ballmer obviously is brand named, lustful, and and he just wants as much firepower as he can get in there. In terms of Harden's impact on Kawhi and George for me, if James Harden goes to LA with the same mindset he went to Brooklyn with, where he was the number 3, he was the point guard setting up Durant and Kyrie, willingly taking a back seat, then I think it'll work. And Kawhi Leonard and Paul George is still gonna cook. But, you know, coming into this season, Harden was talking about MVP. What? You play with the MVP, dude. You dummy. And, and, you know, leading the league in scoring and all this kind of stuff. So if he has delusions of grandeur, then the house of cards is gonna fall, and he's gonna be to blame. If he goes in there with that selfless man, I'm gonna get in where I fit in, be the point guard of this team, or at least I don't know, because maybe Russ is the point guard of the team. But and that's again why I just think it's too much. I I I think it's, like, too much star power. Russ is probably gonna have to come off the bench at some point here, Steve, to your point, which is very unfortunate. He had 24, 11, and 8 last night. 24, 11, and 8 old school line on the year going 15, 8, and 7. 51, 39, and fifties, bad free throw shooter, but Russ is killing it. And I think this is horrible news for Russell, Westbrook out there in LA. I think they're gonna start with them all starting together. They may have to just say, there's too much redundancy. We gotta bring Russ off the bench. Now for Harden, Steve, last year with Philly, obviously, tremendous statistical year. 21, 6, 10 led the league in assists. How far does he come off with his personal numbers? Are we talking 155, and 5? Like, what? Where do you see James Harden's numbers kinda coming in here as he settles in with the Clippers? Depends on which guy he wants to be. I mean, if he's gonna come in and feed the ball to to the to Kawhi and, and PG, I mean, he may he may not score more. He won't score more than 15 a game if that's the case. I think his assist will be up there. I think he'll challenge Trae and Tai for the for the league leading assists, but the overall numbers would be down. He'll spend a lot more time, I think, standing around. If he's pumping the ball into those guys, he won't be looking for a shot. I could see 13 13, 10 assists, and 6 boards, maybe. It it depends. It it's it's a lot like it reminds me of the Chris Paul situation in in Phoenix. You know? Chris Paul has gone from being the man to being the facilitator and standing back and watching everybody else work for the most part. And if if if Harden does that, it's good news for Kawhi. It's good news for PG. It's good news for Westy. So I I'm not expecting any miracles from Harden when he gets there, but, I just hope he can play nice with others, and they all they all they all get along. I don't. I don't hope that. I hope he goes out there and is divisive, and, I'm not a fan. I can't wait for the playoff meltdown. Right? Because it's coming. And and, you know, especially if they have, like, a 49 win, 50 win regular season, and everybody's geeked out there. And, oh my god, James Harden once again. I mean, it's his way, guys. But, we had, the Kings move on last night. Doc, without it it's Rick Kamla. It's the great doctor a Steve Alexander here on the Roadwire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Oh, before we get to some players who were catching our eyes so far, you know, no De'Aaron Fox for Sacramento. De'Veon Mitchell AKA off. Knight, went 1334, did have 3 steals. I believe had 3 threes in the game as well last night. Sabonis gotta tick up with his numbers 23, 11, and 8. They're not anticipating it being a long term absence with De'Aaron Fox, but, decent stat line. I I thought from Davion Mitchell, you know, I think he played 30 minutes last night or 28 minutes. He got starters minutes. So, he wasn't sort of yo yoed off the court, but, obviously, they lost as Klay hit the game winner with, 2 tenths of a second left. Mitch, SAC just can't beat that Golden State team, Steve. Right? 1st round last year, you lose that heartbreaker on Friday night when Steph soars for 41. You lose again. But, what you think of Davion Mitchell? And are you, like, hard recommending everybody to pick him up now that Fox is on the shelf for a minute? Nah. Because, I I would have, and I played him in DFS. I've got him on a dynasty team. He's in that lineup. I'm not sure if it's yours or the other 30 t I I I can't keep my 2 Dynas Dees, can't tell them apart. Kinda like the corn and peanut oil thing. But, I I did play Davion in DFS. He did put up solid DFS points, And, I was looking for a little more Harry Barnes last night, but it we didn't get it. Keegan Keegan Murray looks very good. But we're not recommending Davion Mitchell's a hot pickup mainly because the Kings only have one more game this week. So it was a 2 game week, and that's not enough time really to to make anything happen. And I feel like the way Fox bounced up from twisting his ankle that badly and getting right back on the court yeah. I knew it was gonna swell up. I knew he's gonna miss a game or 2, but I don't think he's gonna miss much more than that. So I don't I think by the time you get Mitchell fired up and in your lineup, it's gonna be too late. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Byrd, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans the story lines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player, matchup, and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in the next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customized social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rodowire right now and get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now before it's too late. It's time to step up the challenge on rival fantasy. See you in the arena. That's very cool. I like how that sounds a lot. Everybody get into that, man. So it is Rick Kamla. It is Steve Alexander. We're the OGs on the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Let's get to some players who have caught our eye so far. Steve, let me hit you, first of all, and and he's your guy, becoming my guy. And and I you know, it's relatively obvious here, but but Chet Holmgren, man. Steve, Chet Holmgren, like, I I don't know. Like, I I I had a big Ben Carroll opinion, you know, coming out of college, worried about the frame of Chet. I'm no longer worried about the frame of Chet. I'm not. It it's the the n the NBA isn't ever it's a league that's getting ever less physical. Right? But this dude is really, really skilled and and a way better shooter than I thought he would be this early in his career. I mean, obviously, missed last year. He's about a weekend. On the year, going 16 points, 7 rebounds, 2.2 assists, 2.6 blocks, 1 steal, 2.2 threes, only player in the league at 2 plus blocks and 2 plus deals. 60, 5,280 with the shooting splits. And when they kick out to him, that right wing, and he's got it teed up and lets it go, it's if he misses, I'm like, woah. It looks great coming off his head. I love the way he competed against Jokic on Sunday afternoon in a game where OKC got beat the freak down. He held his water against Nikola Jokic, and I'm still a big Paula Banchero guy. We'll get to him in a minute here, Steve, but I I like, if we redid that draft, I don't know, man. I'm obsessed with the combination of rim protection and hitting threes. I'm obsessed with it. The Miles Turners, guys like that, Brook Lopez's. Evan Mobley should be this guy. Right? And and Chet checks both of those boxes. Paulo Banchero doesn't check either of those boxes. So, I know you love Houston Chet, but, but he's been way better than I thought he was gonna be this early. Well, I mean, I I I'm not gonna take a a victory lap just just yet, but, I mean, this is sort of what I was hoping for. This is sort of what I was I thought this was what we were gonna see. And if you think about it, we're only a week in. Where are we gonna be if he stays healthy, where are we gonna be in 3 months when he really has some time under his belt and and figures it all out? And and, you know, I I think this whole rookie of the year argument is interesting. Like, is Chet Holmgren really a rookie? I mean, he hasn't played in an NBA game until now, but he sat on an NBA bench for a year. He had NBA trainers for a year. He had he was in every meeting and every every video session. He was hanging out with NBA players. So I to me, he's not I don't know that he should really be in the rookie of the year race. He's he's got an advantage over a guy like Victor. But, you know, Victor is protecting the rim. Victor is banging threes, and so is Chet. And Chet looks better. I mean, Chet Chet looks like a seasoned NBA Yes. Professional right now. It's a great point. Like, I, guys, I expected shot blocking. I think we all did. Right? I I thought maybe 13, 7, and 2.2, exceeding all of those in the 3 point shot. So, Steve, get us into, and we'll we'll kinda kinda play tennis here. Take me and everybody watching the Rodowire Fantasy Basketball podcast into somebody who's caught your eye so far. Oh, well, Jaylen Johnson and Deandre Hunter of the Atlanta Hawks both look different this year. Jalen Johnson spent time in the g league and really gained confidence and gained a new perspective on how to play basketball. He came off the bench last night. He's bounced between starting, coming off the bench. They've got Sadik Bey there kinda jamming everything up. If Sadik Bey wasn't around, it would be Jalen and Deandre every night. And so that needs to work itself out, and I think it will. Sadik has looked good good coming off the bench. Jalen's looked good coming off the bench. I'm not sure it really matters who's starting so much. But Deandre Hunter, I picked him up in a couple of leagues last night, and he looks finally looks like the guy that the Hawks thought they were drafting a few years ago out of Virginia. And, you know, as as Raftman and I talked about on Tuesday, he's he's been scared to shoot the ball. Deandre Hunter's like because he came from an offense where they that really wasn't the way they ran it. Now, he's being told to shoot the ball whenever whenever he wants or whenever he can, and he's not really used to that. He hasn't been used to that, but he's he's doing it. And the numbers just, they look better. Like, he he looks like a much better player. It's only a week in the season, but the Hawks had that big comeback win when they were down 21, and DeJontay Murray got hot on, Tuesday night. They came back from 21, won by 20, and I think that kinda changed the mindset of that team that got them turned around. Yeah. I mean, Hunter's gotta get healthy and stay healthy. Obviously, he is right now. That's been a huge issue. It seems like every time he's gotten some momentum, it's a it's an ankle, it's a knee, it's it's whatever. I I took a flyer on Jalen Johnson in the Cam Dynasty, in the preseason. Just, you know, off of waivers, like, we've got you know, you can kind of expand your roster and, you know, you know, trick your Oscar a little bit to carry some extra dudes to see how it goes. Loved him in the preseason. Up to last night, he was at least one block and one steal in every game this year, and I believe he had a 3 in all of those games as well with a good rebounding rate. Came off the bench last night, and so I don't know what if we're doing a matchup yo yo thing here with, Sadik Bey and Jalen Johnson. Bottom line is, I I'm very excited that I picked him up. He looks like he's gonna be a mainstay for my team unless Quin Snyder has other ideas, and, and we shall see. But both of those guys have caught my eye as well, so far here, doctor a. Let me talk to you about a couple of Toronto Raptors. And Scottie Barnes, doctor a is delivering 1st ground value right now off the charts. And and, look, I I think that this is Scottie Barnes. I really do. Is he still leading the league in blocks? Does he is he still at, like, 275 a game or something? He's at 2.4 after last night. Okay. He's at 1 steal per game, 2110 and 5. 2110 and 5. You know, a Julius Randle type of line here for Scottie Barnes, heck, a Kevin Garnett type of line for Scottie Barnes when you include the defense. Well, the shooting's been great. 52 from the field, 43 from 3, 79 from the free throw line. And and again, I I don't see these numbers going anywhere. I I think Fred VanVleet going down to Houston, really open things up specifically for this guy right here to pack the ball more, to get more usage rate, get more shots. And then obviously, the guy that backfilled, Fred VanVleet in the lineup is Dennis Schroeder at a marvelous game last night as they cooked the bucks up in Toronto. Very weird reality NBA result. But Schroeder, I think, had 24 and 11 or something like that, but on the season, going 16, 3 and 9 assists, 45 from the field, 50 on 3, 83 from the free throw line. And, again, I I think that these numbers are sustainable for Barnes and Schroder. Do you agree and have these guys caught your eye as well? Yeah. I drafted Dennis Schroder in almost every league. I I was like, if you can get a starting point guard with no competition for his job, at the end of your draft, that's sort of a proven guy. You you do it. So Schreiber, not surprising. I don't think there's anybody there to challenge for the job. The one guy I was worried about doing that is Scottie Barnes, and the way Scottie Barnes looks at forward, they're not gonna put him at point guard. Like, he's he's doing everything he needs to do right where he is. They they shouldn't be changing much there. So, Scottie Barnes is, like, 13th on Basketball Monster and then try the the rotor the rotor wire ranking system as well. He's borderline first first round value. He was first round value, for a while there, and he he still is in my book. So I'm excited to see this this version of Scottie Barnes play the whole season. What did he make it through last year? Like, not very many games. Right? 12, 13? Was that was that him? Scottie Barnes? Yeah. No. No. Somebody else. I'm not sure who you're thinking it'll be. Yeah. He played, I don't know, 67, 72 games, something like that. Scottie Barnes' a baller, man. He's an availability guy too. Well, I I was thinking of somebody else. And I'll It's all good, man. It's all good. I just woke up, man. We got a Bob Knight hangover going on. But, yeah, Scottie Barnes looks awesome. Alright. Take us into somebody else's caught your eye here, doctor a, early in the season. We're about a week in. You know who's who you know who's number 3 in the rankings right now, Rick? Do you know who's number 3 off the top of your head? Is it Shay Gilgeous Alexander? It is not. It is a guy that avoided, taking a hit in a James Harden deal. It is Tyrese Maxey. Tyrese Maxey escaped with nobody coming in to steal his job except a bunch of old dudes and KJ Martin. Like, so that trade that sent all those Clippers leftovers who was it? Nick Batum, Marcus Morris, and Robert Covington, and KJ Martin all went to the sixers. Meanwhile, Tyrese Maxey is running circles around people in Philadelphia. Him and Embiid have this pick and roll thing going. They got this chemistry chemistry thing working. And, if you drafted Tyrese Maxey this year, you are getting paid. Tyrese Maxey is now, Steve, my pick to win most improved player. And coming into the year, my prediction was Jalen Brunson. And knowing that we're probably not gonna get a huge spike in scoring, but we're probably going to get a 1st all star appearance. Well, Maxey is going to check a box of going from, you know, 20 points a game to 25, 26, 27, wherever he's gonna end up, and first time all star. So if if you're out there and looking to play a futures bet on most improved and and how the James Harden trade kind of impacts that with the Maxey thing, I have now flipped on who I believe is going to be the most improved player over to Tyrese Maxey because there's no Harden. And so the runway is wide open for this young fella. So, doctor Ray, let me, let me give you another guy here that, and this is a a really, really off the radar player. Maybe on waivers for some of the people to go out and snag right now, because he plays for the Portland Trail Blazers who are a lost and forgotten team now that they've traded Damian Lillard. And it's Malcolm Brogdon. And on the year, he had a he had a really solid game. I think 14, 6, and 6 last night in a win at Detroit. They've won 2 in a row now. Brogdon is at 18 points, 4.6 rebounds, 4.4 assists, 443971 with the shooting splits, playing 27 minutes. Are we sure he's not gonna win 6th man of the year again? I mean, I know Portland's not gonna win. They're probably gonna shut him down with a month to go in the regular season. I'm prepared for that. But, but dang, dude. Like and now you've got Anthony Simons hurt. Scoot Henderson blew a tire last night with an ankle injury. Malcolm Brogdon is completely green lit right now, doctor a. He's hitting threes. He's not giving you any defense, but he hasn't for years. But but he's caught my eye, man. Brogdon's been really solid. And Shaedon Sharp's right there with him. Right? Shaedon's starting, which is why Malcolm Brogdon's in the conversation for 6th man of the year. And, yeah, I mean, I I feel like he's 1655 every night. He's gonna do that until they pull the plug on him. And you're right, man. Portland is a mess. We thought Detroit was gonna be bad. We thought, some of these aren't teams are gonna be bad. Portland looks really messy. Scoot Henderson got hurt. Anthony Simon's down for basically 2 months. Right? So it's gonna be all shade on Sharpe and all Malcolm Brogdon for for the foreseeable future there. So I I like that take. I I imagine the odds on Malcolm Brogdon winning 6th man are are pretty sweet pretty sweet payout there. So, yeah, I like that take. Yeah. I mean, I I I wouldn't put money on it because they're they're not gonna win, and I don't see him finishing the year. I'm just saying, like, these are 6 man of the year numbers. They're better numbers than he put up last year when he won the award in the, on the green team. Dake, take us into, what are the other players that's caught your eye so far here? The NBA season is here. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court through the sound of thousands of screaming fans, every dunk, dribble, and heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, You can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today. Use promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vivid Seats, Rick. Experience it live. Another another phenomenal promo, right there by Steve Alexander. The OGs, the fantasy basketball, the World of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Who are you, my friend? Well, let's look here. Derek White. How about Derek White in Boston talking about Malcolm Brogdon's old job? Marcus Smart's in Memphis, and things are not going well in Memphis. Brogdon is in Portland. Things are not going well in Portland. Meanwhile, Derrick White, who were you was it was it you and I on a podcast where I said, let's pour one out for Derrick White because Yes. Derrick White's fantasy value is is now dead. Yeah. With Drew Holiday going there. Yeah. We talked about that. Drew Holiday is there. That's gonna push Derrick White to the bench. He's gonna be a forgotten man. And and then what happened? Derrick White is balling out. The Celtics are rolling and trucking people. They destroyed the Pacers last night, like, badly. And Derrick White, he's more confident than he's ever been in his life, dude. And he's having fun, and he's out there playing with his guys. He's making everybody better. He's a just a great piece of glue and role player for that team, and he's also putting up numbers. He is, man. That's doctor a. I'm Rick Campbell. We're the OGs here on the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Let's set up, some of our comments here. Ian Solis, says, Vooch or Jamal Murray in 9 cat. Vooch, had a 2020 last night. He really ripped those boards. I know that Murray had a 14 assist game recently, and, you know, I I am and, obviously, last night was just weird. I'm not sure what the hell happened to Denver. Maybe they have something against, my old stomping grounds, my hometown of Minnesota in Minneapolis. I mean, that was just pathetic. And, Denver's look like flawless, literally flawless basketball so far. I'm I'm I'm I'm going Jamal Murray here, man. I'm, I'm a guy, but I'm not really a guy. He gives you about 13. Doesn't impact you in shot blocking. I know he's an elite rebound or in a double double every night. But, and I I still do see a little bit of a spike overall coming here from Jamal Murray. He's gonna need it if he wants to make the all star team for the first time. So I still say Jamal Murray over in 9 cat, Dake. How about you? I agree. I I think I think people forget how good Jamal Murray is because he was hurt for 2 years. He's not hurt now. I like him a lot. I like him a lot. I I have a feeling those guys are not ranked too far apart if you look at, where they rank, and they're not. Voci's a little higher. But, I think by the end, when it's all said and done, it'll be Murray. So you go first on this one. Brian b says, hey, doc and Rick. Is it time to drop Scoot? I have him in both of my leagues. 10 team, 9 cat head to head, and 14 team, 9 cat head to head. So, are you hanging in there with Scoot? Honestly, I saw that he turned his ankle last night and left. I don't know details on, it maybe you do, Steve. Is he out 1 to 2 weeks? I doubt they've made any kind of diagnosis on that yet. But, but but are you dropping Scoot right now? Well, I think, like, the key is you got a 10 team league, you got a 14 team league. In a 14 team league, based on what's gonna be on the waiver wire, I'm probably sticking with Scoot, unless a guy like Deandre Hunter or or Jaylen Johnson or or one of one of those guys that's just sitting out there. In a tentingly, I think we've seen enough to to where I know there's good players sitting on your waiver wire, and you're like, I've got Scoot, but I I don't wanna cut a name like Scoot because everybody knows his name because he spent the summer playing against Victor Wominayama. But there's there's guys putting up big numbers in 10 team league waiver wires. So I think on that league, I'm probably dropping Scoot, picking up whoever I can get. The other league, probably gonna hang on to him, but it it it still depends on who's out there. But huge difference between a 10 team and a 14 team league. Yeah. I mean, there's no way I'm dropping Scoot in a 14 team league. There's no way. Put them on IR. Put them on the IL plus if you're in a Yahoo league or something like that. We run, the Cam Dynasty on fan tracks, and if there's, the red flag or, sort of the Red Cross looking thing, then then both of those, you can move them to an IR spot. We have 6 IR spots this year, you know, for all the missed games and stuff like that. So just shelve them. You don't have to drop him. In a 10 team league, it I mean, it depends on who is out there. And and I I probably still am not dropping Scoot because he's a point guard, and he's gonna give you the steals, the threes, the assists. They're so rare, and you just don't find those waivers. You can go out and find rebounds on waivers or threes on waivers, but you can't really find that point guard stuff. So, I I I tend to hang in there. Now, let's go to Sean Kirkland here, doc. He says, should I drop Tillman, Xavier Tillman in 8 in an 18 head to head, category league. Tillman was awful last night. Memphis, I believe, Steve, is 0 and 5 right now. I mean, it's it's completely, completely dreadful. In in an 18 league, I'm probably dropping Tillman right now. There's gotta be somebody better out there. Maybe a Zach Collins is out there in an 18 league doc. I really like what Zach Collins is doing at the 5 spot in San Antonio. I do too. 8 team league, Xavier Tillman's gone. 10 team league, Xavier Tillman's gone. 12 team league, I'm gonna weigh my options, see what's out there. 8 team league, you can't wait on Xavier Tillman to get it going. And he was sort of a sort of a free gift. Let's see what happens. Anyway, when when Steven Adams got hurt, obviously, Tillman is not blowing up. That Memphis I mean, I know Bob said wait 20 games before making a decision on what you see, but Memphis looks bad. It's Desmond Bane, and then it's just it's bad. So I would I would drop it. The other night, let me see if I have these stats here. Jaren Jackson Junior scored 30. Smart scored 23. Bain scored 30, and they lost by 15 to a Dallas team without Kyrie Irving. And scoring has been a major issue for Memphis, but they got 83 points from their top 3 players and still got cranked by 15 to a team without its 2nd best player. That's how bad it is in Memphis right now. Let's go back to the streets here, Steve. We've got Kim Andrew or Andrew Kim if it's a juxtaposition of first and last name. Should I drop Sohan 9 cat 16 team? I say no, and I'm looking at Sohan. I've got him in an in an 8 man keeper league that I just, joined this year. I'm about to drop him. I haven't dropped him yet. I believe that's a 12 team league, that I'm in, but, you know, he's the starting point guard. He's gonna have multi positional, you know, eligibility for your years of PG and a in in Yahoo Leagues. So, I'd hang in there, Steve. But but Trey Jones is nipping at his heels, so I understand the question here. Where you at with Sohan? Well, he what did you say? A 16 team league? You I mean, you you can't drop you can't drop Sohan in a 16 team league. But the the the interesting thing about Trae Jones and Sohan is is they're basically buzzkilling each other, in a in a perfect pop buzzkill. Yeah. I mean, it's imperfect, because Fantasy Manager's like, oh, man, Soehan, point forward. He's gonna run the show. He's starting, and Trey Trey Jones is not gonna do anything. And then Trae Jones is doing plenty. Soehan's Soehan still looks good on the court. Like, I like him. I I like watching the Spurs play, but fantasy wise, he's he's a little tricky right now. But, I mean, even in a 12 team league, I I think it would be hard to drop Sohan right now. So 16 teams, I think you'd have to you'd have to just hang on. Steve, let me ask you a a a question here from Dante's Inferno, and these are 2 of your guys. He says, what do you think lively for Bruce Brown, 9 cat, head to head? These are your guys. You go first on this, man. Are you trading, Bruce Brown to get into some Derek Lively? I probably am. Bruce Brown was bad last night. Derek Lively was good last night. Derek Lively had disappeared the previous two games. One game, he was in horrific foul trouble early. Yeah. He had 5 fouls. Like, he only played a few minutes. And then the game before that, was the game against Brooklyn where they didn't have a center, and they went totally small ball. That was the De'Ron Sharp dud, I believe. And, so Lively didn't play in that one because the Mavericks ran small to keep up with him. As we saw last night, Lively, when when the Hawks or when the Mavericks need a true center, he he's it. And we also saw Maxey Kleeber go down last night with a foot injury. Didn't look good. It was sort of noncontact. He just sort of came down on it funny on his own. That's another big man out of the picture. That leaves Derek Lively and Dwight Powell as the only options in Dallas. And Lively looked pretty lively last night, pretty pretty fun, and he's only gonna get better, week after week. So I think the the 2 game break that Lively took simply means he's sitting out there available in more leagues than he should be. I still like Bruce Brown, but, I mean, I feel like there are lots of Bruce Browns out there, and there aren't many guys like Lively out there. I would definitely rather have Derek Ladley than Bruce Brown. Bruce Brown to me is a reality guy. He is not a fantasy guy. He's not a 3 point shooter. I think he had 6 in his debut with Indiana. That's not who he is. He's not gonna have he might not have have 6 threes in a game ever again. And Lively is gonna be inconsistent and up and down. He's a rookie. Okay? He's gonna be prone to foul trouble. He's gonna be prone to the yank job by Jason Kidd on those nights where he's playing like a rook. But I would rather, go long haul with Lively than, Bruce Brown. James Chan asks, doctor a, trade Westbrook for Jeremy Grant, 14 team roto. Really? We play rotisserie basketball. People do that? Like, why? Why would you do that? I don't understand. Like, why would you do that? I absolutely hate roto leagues. I I will take out a baseball invite. I would not take out a basketball invite to a Roto League. You gotta play head to head, man. It is, by far the best way to go. All of that said, oh, man. This one's tough. If you told me that Jeremy Grant would finish the year in a blazer uniform instead of getting shut down ping pong ball style, it's a no brainer. I would rather have Jeremy Grant for the long haul than Russ because I'm worried about the impact of Harden, mostly on Russell Westbrook more than Kawhi and Paul George. But, doc, hey. I I'm gonna say hang in there with Russ because I really do see 5 weeks, 4 weeks to go, Jeremy Grant's gonna be in street close, and he's gonna be in your IL spot. And Russ, one of those guys probably gonna blow a tire, and then Russ is gonna be killing it, trying to get the Clippers out of the play in tournament, putting up big big time numbers at winning time in the fantasy, basketball playoffs. I guess not that it matters for him. He's in one of these roto leagues, but, I'm hanging in there with Russ because I think Jeremy's gonna get shut down. How about you? Well, Jeremy could also get traded. I just feel like everything is so murky and clouded around Jeremy Grant. Like, I I didn't think about drafting him anywhere this year. Just because it it's weird. Like, he doesn't fit the mold of what the rebuild in Portland. I think he resigned with Portland thinking that Dame was gonna be there, and then 2 days later, Dame's like, I'm out. Peace. So then Jeremy Grant's standing there, like, holding holding the football. Like, where'd everybody go? So I just don't have a good vibe about Jeremy Grant. I guess that's about all I can say about it. I'd rather have have Russell Westbrook. And, Rick, you can hate on roto in hoops all you want, but a lot of people play it. I'm with you. I think roto is for baseball. I think head to head is for basketball. But a lot of people are playing roto, in hoops just because that's that's how their commissioner set it up. They they may not even know it. They may not even know any difference. I I mean, I'll leave it at that. It's just there there's there's a better way to play. And, and and you get more spark out of head to head than you do roto. It's such a long haul, the marathon. You get stuck in in in in in statistical quagmires that you can't get out of. I'm just not a fan. But, yeah Speaking of better ways to play, Rick, underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $500 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfancy.com or download the underdog app today. Use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus business taken care of, Rick. Go. So, doc, we we got time for, your Bob Knight story, and, and we're gonna say goodbye to the people here, man, all the great people. We appreciate you guys jumping into the chat, asking us questions. You know, do it for all these podcasts. We are on every, Thursday at 11 AM EST on the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast, but, we lost, the great Bob Knight last night. God bless him on his journey to heaven. God bless those he left behind, his close, friends and, obviously, family members. 83 years old and, and and Bobby Knight is on his way to heaven here, doc. So, well, you said you had a Bobby Knight story hit us. I do. And it I don't know how I don't know how feel good it is, given the situation, but it it works. It's it's a Bobby Knight story. When I was in 6th 7th grade, my parents dropped me off in Bloomington, Indiana couple couple hours south of Indianapolis, for a week at Bob Knight Camp. So I went twice, and this was probably, like, 79, 80, maybe 80, 81, some somewhere in there. A long time ago. And, I remember we checked into our dorm room, and then they they came and got us, and they're, like, all campers gather at an assembly hall, and they had the auditorium set up with all these seats on the floor. We're all out there. There's a stage. And Bob Knight comes out on the stage, and I'm, like, 8 rows back, sitting there with my roommate. And he starts talking, and he's like, you will refer to me as coach, and we do not put up with any crap here. And, we're gonna have a good time, but it's gonna be a very serious time. And he he's, like, setting the stage for for I do not wanna see all you little 6th and 7th graders running around like animals because I will I will shut it down. And so then he brings out Landon Turner. Alright? And Landon Turner played at Indiana University. He was supposed to be a 1st round draft pick in the NBA. He got in a car accident, over the summer and was paralyzed from the neck down. So he was in a wheel or may he was waist down, maybe waist down, I think. So he's paralyzed. He's in a wheelchair. They they wheel him out there, and, these 3 kids right near me, I think they were right in front of me, are, like, snickering and being inappropriate. And Knight sees it. And he's like, Joby. He's talking to Joby Wright, his assistant coach. He's like, go get those go get those guys. Go get them. Bring them up here right now. Give me a telephone. So they bring out a telephone, you know, connected to a wire because it's the eighties, brings out a phone, brings these 3 3 kids up on stage. He's like, what's your phone number? Kid gives him his phone number. Bobby calls his parents. Hey. It's Bob Knight. Come back here and get your kid. Called all 3 other parents, had them come back and get their kids in front of all of us, and we're all just sitting there like like no one said a word. Everybody was a 100% so well behaved for the entire week. It was it was just it was something else that that really, stuck with me. And I I would love to talk to one of those 3 kids today to see, see how that impacted their life. Well, that's a phenomenal story. Yeah. I mean I mean, that's that's, I mean, it's it's shocking that even kids. Right? Kids make mistakes. Kid make kids make dumb decisions would, be snickering if somebody coming in on a wheelchair, because they're that's that's pathetic, man. And Bobby, had to check him and he did. Doctor a, before we get out of here, man, anything else you wanna tell the people, where to watch you, where to read you, here on the great RotoWire platform? Anything you wanna tell the people? Yeah. RotoWire is is RotoWire and ESPN and Sportstopia. I've got my time divided up equally between all three of those spots. I'm easy to find at all three spots. The podcasting thing we're doing almost every day is super fun. This one's great. My Tuesday show, I'm rotating guests in every every week. I think Matt Stroup, the great Matt Stroup, my ex coworker is next. Bobby Rathman was last Tuesday. If you missed that, just check it out. You learn a lot about the Hawks. So, yeah, the only the only guy we didn't talk about, Rick, that I I was hoping we would was Khris Middleton, but we can hit him next week. Minutes limit, horrible production. Milwaukee really doesn't look that great. I was if you got Middleton in 12 team league, you holding him right now? I I wouldn't have him in a 12 team league. You know, I mean, just coming off of the the injury summer and, all of the question marks, is he gonna be ready for opening night? It would've just been a no for me. I would hold him, though. I mean, it's gonna be a long haul. It's gonna be a month before they get him up to a minutes where he's gonna be able to hover around 25 and 5, but, he's still I I mean, he's healthy. He's just on a minutes restriction. So I I would hang in there, but it's gonna be a long slog. Alright. Well, you gotta you gotta go talk to Steve Alford. Right? I am interviewing Steve Alford. Obviously played for Bobby Knight, for NBA Radio, and, I'll be on NBA Radio later today at 2 PM, EST talking about, our beloved NBA and and having a blast. So for Steve Alexander, for everybody here at Rotowire, we love you all, man. Thank you for coming into the chat. Go get some wins in Fantasy Basketball. We'll see you next week.