Everybody. I am Steve Alexander, doctor a. This is the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast sponsored by Underdog Fantasy. I'm doc. That's Bob Nastanovich of Pavement, all around good guy, fantasy hoops head, and one of my buddies. He's gonna tell me all about miss you, man. I and I've never been on an award winning podcast. But you are now, and, we're gonna talk about basketball and brokers tip records right after this. Alright, Bob. Here we are. Thanks for coming on. My pleasure. Thanks for coming on. It's been a while. Tell me well, first of all, I'm gonna tell the people. You were in a in a band called Pavement. Still am technically for a few more months. The tour In case I will be forever, Steve. But, yeah, no. I'm a forever associated with Pavement, and, Pavement, for your listeners' purposes, actually has some pretty sick fantasy sports fans in general, especially sort of the main guy that wrote all the songs. He's not only hardcore, but I would consider him like a proper fantasy champion. And I think he sees 1 more so many leagues. Yeah. You know, people call me a fantasy expert, but, I consider Malcolmus to be more of a fantasy expert than myself because yeah. Yeah. I do it for my job, but, I mean, that dude wins every league he's in. I have a question for you. He's lucky. He is lucky. Did he show up for our draft in the rock and roll league this year? No. He did not. In fact, I didn't either last year, and I just looked at the draft results, which, obviously, it's been a desperate season for my team. You know? Know, kind of your classic story of, like, bad picks and injury riddled. But, no, he definitely was not there. He did not. But I last year, I wasn't a part of it, and I I lost in the final. So, you know, really, it's the kind of year where auto picking didn't really hurt you that badly. Well and I have a feeling he's probably set his cue, but it's funny because Brian Rosenworcel and I were talking yesterday, and he goes, dude, how is Malcolm's not even at our draft and his team is, like, running away with our rock and roll league? So Malcolm is easily in first. I was in second. I got I I beat you, like, 3 weeks ago, and then I got Yeah. You yeah. You're welcome. I got smoked last week and or the week before last, and then I got beat again the following week on that 2 game week with the in season tournament kinda kinda took away some of the momentum I had going. My, Wembley only played 1 game that week. That kinda killed me. But, dude, that rock and roll league, we've been doing that for probably 15, 16 years. That's a good league. That there's a lot of I mean, people in that league, there's no money involved. Everybody just does it for the love of the game, but they're just all about it. It's all about the honor. It's all about the classic. But the I mean, really, if you look at, Malpas in his auto pick, he got, Terry Rozier in the 9th round. I mean, you know, so sometimes it works out. I mean Yeah. He got, he had the number one pick. So he he Yeah. Yeah. He did the one He got Jokic, and then he got, Kyrie on the way back Mhmm. Which It's it's a great it's it's sort of, you know, whatever. He's got a target on his back. He'll yeah. We'll take him down. In fact, I've got like, right now, you know, my my whole team's gonna kick into high gear in 2024 because, obviously, I guess, we'll get into it, but I'm expecting a healthy Bam who I just, in sort of an ill advised manner, I traded Doma for Bam. But, really, what it was is when you know your team's bad and you sort of you lean towards being, you sort of throw your hands in the air and and you realize that you're just gonna, like, have a lot of twos 27 and 3 and 6 weeks, you decide you decide to suddenly build a very cool team. And I watched a game where Domo was mic'd up, and I didn't like the way he was bossing around his fellow Kings. And, so I immediately traded him for Bam, and I I've been watching the Heat a lot. I mean, they're a very fun watch, a lot of lovable guys, including, of course, a guy that, Jaime Hawkins junior. Yeah. I mean, he's basically in the rookie of the year conversation. I mean, he's he'd be a a big number from an odds perspective. But, really, what's amazing about him as a rookie is he's kind of reminds me a lot of Malcolm Brogdon's, rookie season in that he's every bit very much a man. He's not a rookie, and he and he plays Q4 crunch time. He's just he's basically become an incredibly valuable piece on a on a very deep and good team, and he delivers almost every night. So he's been a surprise. So I watched them a lot, and I thought I didn't realize that Bam's hip contusion was gonna develop. That must be a one heck of a bruise. I mean, he, he might not play until next year. Yeah. Out indefinitely. That that that Which is bad. That's kinda scary, especially since you traded Domas. I mean, I expected him to be out for 3 games. Yeah. I thought so too. So, anyways, bummer. But, you know, you you were talking about building a fun team when when all hope is lost. That's sort of the philosophy I've taken, in fantasy hoops for the last 5 years. I just want the most fun team that I can have out on the court. I've noticed that. I've noticed that. I just have all I try to always have all the fun guys, and I don't even I you know, if I win, I win. If I if I lose, I lose, but at least I'm gonna have a hell of a lot of fun watching my guys out there on the court. Yeah. No. Same. And my team is just, like, guys that I that I just kinda think are awesome to watch and and seem like that they're, you know, thoroughly cool. And, I mean and, you know, keep in mind, this is one the biggest mistake I made in the draft is I was unaware, and I should have asked you because you're actually an active, commissioner who actually pays attention because a lot of commissioners are, like, don't, I mean, they they log in once a month. But I didn't realize when I took Jah, I thought he would be, IR eligible. And then when I found out the day after the draft that he was just the big o for out, I couldn't do anything with him. I couldn't really dump him, and he's a he's my local superstar. I live 2 hours away, and I go to a handful of Grizzlies games a year. And one thing about the Grizzlies being dreadful and just you couldn't really handpick worse injuries for the grizzlies in that Steven Adams was really playing incredibly well when he got hurt. I mean, I've got a buddy who's just a sick Grizzlies fan, and we thought that Adams, at that point, really deserved to be the team's MVP even with Ja and Bane on the team. So he went, and then I was at the game where Brandon Clark hurt himself, and there's no timetable for his return. It's been it's an endless Achilles that's an incredibly athletic player who's a pain to play against, and the loss of those 2 giants and then now, of course, sitting around having to wait for Ja has been a bit of a disaster. And don't forget Marcus Smart. Johnny Smart will come back. I think really, I think they're key of that team. I don't I wouldn't rule them entirely out of the bottom end of the playoffs, and then I can see them winning, like, 10 out of 15 or 15 out of 20 if Smart and Ja get along. I think it's smart. They will. I think they will. I mean, I think just like, I mean, I think of, like, the ultimate teammate for a guy like Ja. I think of, like, Russell Westbrook. You know? I I you know, who knows? I mean, obviously I mean, he went to Murray State, which is 20 miles up the road. You know, it's been it's almost been a personal blow, all the chaos that's going on with Jah because I you know, one of my best friends is just really an over the top, almost kind of in a delightful way like a child like Jah fan. Like, has this rookie jersey, has tons of so, like, when Jah got in all that trouble, it was, like, truly heartbreaking, you know, for for my buddy, Josh. I mean so we're we'll hope for the best, but as you know and, yeah, and there's so many kind of blood curdling news reports about, you know, NBA veterans who are in media now, like, worrying for his life and, like, you know, suicide watches and stuff like that. So, anyways, it starts, a game before we thought we thought that he was gonna start up here in Atlanta. But because of the play in tournament and the rules, I guess that they're gonna play his first game's against the Pelicans, so I think on 21st, but we'll see what Nice. We'll see what happens. But, yeah, I expect my team my fantasy team, which sits in 12th of 12th of 12 to sort of roar into 24 like the, like the Memphis Grizzlies. Expect some shocking turnarounds. Well, I'll tell you what. Why we're why we're talking about Memphis, people are worried about Jaren Jackson junior getting off to a slow start this season. His his fantasy ranking has been kinda low. December 1st, he had a 4 point 4 point game with 5 fouls, 14 minutes. But since that game, he scored 37, 24, 21, 41 points last night, 6 triples. He's blocking. He's stealing. He's starting to look like Jared Jackson junior again just in time for Jaren to come back. And I kinda think when Jaren does come back, it's gonna open up lanes for Jaren Jackson junior and Desmond Bane to not have to work so hard for everything they get. Because those guys those 2 guys are carrying that team on their back right now, and it's it's not a easy easy thing to do, especially if you weren't ready to do that coming into the season. People are worried about him, but I think when Ja comes back, he's gonna clear, you know, a lot of lanes for Jaren Jackson Junior and Desmond Bane to not have to work so hard for everything they get and carry that team on their back like they have been. Yeah. I mean, they could be good with if they're anywhere close to healthy. Not obviously they're not gonna get back those 2 big pieces, Adams and Clark. But there's enough there. I think they'll I think they'll trade I think that they will trade Kennard. I mean, Kennard has, you know, value to a lot of teams that are definitely in the playoffs. I've heard that rumor for a few months. And, really, one trade I'm excited about that I'd love to see happen is, you know, I'm I'm a Hawks fan, and I've been following them very closely this year and been to a couple of games. And they I mean, they're not right. And, I hate to say it. I went to UVA, and he's currently got a minor injuries that, Deandre Hunter's continues to be a source of frustration. And I feel like he he would benefit from being dealt. And then I've I've heard them wanting to get Siakam, who I love, and he's on my team. And, you know, the Raptors are kinda are struggling more than I thought they'd be, and I it would be wonder I could see Siakam being a fantastic fit on the Hawks, kind of like exactly one thing that they need. So yeah. What are your thoughts on that? I mean That would be that would be amazing. Now I know you and Steven went to University of Virginia, and that's where Deandre Hunter went. And Deandre Hunter has been a source of frustration for Hawks fans worldwide, since he came on board. He looked really good there for about a 3 game stretch early in the season. I thought we had turned the corner. The whole City Bay thing, him being in the middle of it, was making it the rest of the He's good. He can be good. I mean, how about and I saw one game where they scored 86 in the first half. I saw it live against the Pacers, which was the franchise record, and they were ahead I I think it was 83 8673 at halftime. Yeah. And the Pacers scored 87 in the second half or 85 so and whatever. It was 157, 152 in the end. And Bogey did the same thing that he did last, last night. He just he just went on some sort of barrage of threes, but that's, you know, that's gonna happen twice a month. You know? And they still didn't win last night. I mean, so you've got one guy just completely going off, and they've lost both game lose both games where bogey's gone nuts. They've lost both games. Yeah. Bowie Bowie hit 10 threes last night and scored 40 points. How did they lose? How did they how did they lose with a healthy young, a healthy Murray, and Bogey going for 40? They lost. I mean, that that just and that's Well, Trae got ejected, I think. And then Yeah. The 3rd quarter, he got ejected. Yeah. And then the the whole Trey, Dejounte thing, I mean, they they never seem to both ball out on the same night. They don't. Yes. One of the other. Don't feel like people love playing with Trae. And Yeah. Is that your feeling? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not saying Trae's Trae's the problem or the answer, but the Desjante Trae thing is not really working out. And I I'm with you, dude. If they could add Pascal Siakam to that team, and then we get, j shoot. His name is Jaylen Johnson? Yeah. I I'm not a fan, but he You don't like Jalen? I mean, the skills are there, but I I just yeah. At this point I mean, I I think he he can be great. The raw potential's there. I think they should definitely keep him. And he's the kind of guy that you watch him play. You do worry about his health. Just the way he plays, I think he's I think he's he'll be he'll be a very good NBA player. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Yeah. I I think, why am I struggling? But he's a no d guy on a team with no d guys. I mean, there's not a whole lot of d going on. Well, does plays d? The the does plays d? So we do what so, yeah, basically, you know, Deandre went to the most successful defensive basketball program programs of the last of my lifetime. I mean and almost disturbingly so, like, you know, college basketball leaders, particularly those who play for Duke, like to to equate watching Virginia basketball to watching paint dry. You know, perhaps perhaps because we beat them, you know, 61 to 52 too often. But, I mean, I can't yeah. Deandre Hunter, I mean, you obviously, one of the reasons why he was an attractive frat pick in the middle of the first round was for Dee. I don't know. I just think he he clearly needs a change of of scenery, and then he just might not ever be anything but but a, NBA chip that keeps getting new because the tools are there. But he he does not he doesn't seem to perform well at least for the hawks and more disconcertingly the current current edition of the hawks. Well, I'm gonna go ahead and disagree with you. I think Jaylen Johnson is going to be a monster. I'm really sad he got hurt. I feel like he was just getting ready to turn it on. Although getting him out of the way did clear up the Sedipay, Deandre Hunter thing, but I'm with you. Let's let's try to move Hunter and get, Siakam in here. That would be that would be incredible. I'm I'm gonna do this underdog ad real quick, and then we're gonna talk about brokers tip records. And then we're gonna dive, straight in in all things NBA Perfect. Freestyle. Right off that. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code RW NBA. That's promo code RW NBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today and use promo code RW NBA to claim your free RedalWire subscription and deposit bonus. I'm gonna do that. I've never heard of that one. Oh, it's fun. It's just over under over under props. Yeah. That sounds perfect for me. I it's always nice. Obviously, for years, I've been doing advanced deposit wagering and horse racing and and now in sports betting. I think I've exhausted every, introductory, bonus program that known to man. So thanks for turning me on to another one. That's underdogfantasy.com? Yep. And it's just the app on your phone and Perfect. I'm in. For the little chili peppers next to the guys. It's like triple odds and stuff. And then, you know, you can do a $1 5 game parlay to win a $100. And because I gotta tell my friend, Kevin Gus for you, about that too. That's his jam. There's nothing. You know Kevin. Right? He'll send me a screen screenshot. At least twice a week, he'll hit some parlay that costs, like, a dollar 25 that's got, you know, Asian basketball game. You know what I mean? Like, he's gotten his his pet team that he's obsessed with is young boys. I believe they're the Swiss, champions league entry. Young boy. Yeah. Yeah. It I mean, I saw the name, like, 2 months ago when I was, I think they play today, actually. I think it might be the first the start no. It's the last of the of the of the first round part before the elimination of Champions League. But yeah. I know. He's I saw young boys, like, 6 weeks ago, and I was like, oh, weird. Like, that's kind of a a strange name for a a soccer team comprised of adults. And, and, of course, then, you know, 10 days later, Guthrie's like, you know, young boys are my guys. I'm like, alright, dude. And he and and week after week, he somehow gets lucky with them. Be that now look up underdog fantasy.com. Thank you. Because I'm sick, Steve. I'm very sick. I have been I've been fighting this I've had a the 3 month cough, and, it resulted in I'm not that kinda sick. I'm I'm Underdog Fantasy sick. No. I'm Oh, okay. Well, I've I've been fighting off this cough and lost my voice full blown, like, 2 days ago. It's barely back. Woah. I'm just You should see, I suffer from cough drop addiction. I recommend it. I should probably look into that. What what cough drop should I be I mean, my main jam is the Ricola sugar free ones that are herb and something else. Is that like Actually, in pavement with the screaming I yeah. Yeah. The sugar free ones are great. You can get them anywhere. And, but I went went through, obviously, in payment. I realized sort of even this morning that it's strange to be somebody who's most known for screaming. And I thought that I could parlay that into maybe some sort of thing where I could get A deal. Ricola sponsorship. Like Yeah. I mean, wouldn't it be like a dream come true to be, like, just screaming in a Ricola commercial than, like, you know? Because sometimes I have 2 to 4 Ricolas in my mouth, during those concerts. And, alas, I made several opportunities throughout the year to, drum up my adoration of Ricola and their products, and even had one guy that I didn't ask, like, sending Ricola stuff. And, unfortunately, that dream did not come true by Ricola. But, otherwise, I'd be sending you a case of Ricola products for Are you like a, are you like a chipmunk? Like, do you were you hiding the were you tucking the Ricola's or Just like they used to do with, like, tobacco packets. Like, you know, hidden between the cheek and gum. You know? And several would fly out. You know? But, yeah, they're dark brown. Yeah. They'd be in basically like, when you entered Europe in the nineties and you had to stash small packets of hashish in various parts of your mouth, in order to get into certain countries, I was doing the same thing in a very legal fashion with, Ricola. Okay. Alright. Very surely, you've carried illegal drugs in the countries in in your mouth and other, orify. I if I went to other countries, maybe. But, I I try not to leave Dahlonega at this point. Stay in the basement because that's your safety zone. Yes. Or the attic. You're in the attic. You're in the at I'm in I'm in my mom's attic, and, I never leaving. Never leaving. Signed Donset jersey? It is not signed, but it is a Luka jersey. This is Dominique Wilkins. He's got a new Wilkins sneaker. Game worn. Chewing against the Knicks. Worn? That's badass. This is one of my one of my most prized possessions in the entire Oh, you have seen that before. Yes. The autographed pavement Yeah. License again, hold that up for a second because I have to forge a lot of these guys' signatures. Woah. You got the I don't that might be the best Malcolm signature I've ever seen in my life. Standard Westie. I mean, that's that's proper effort. I mean, he doesn't even do an m anymore. It's just like an an a I mean, he's whatever. You wrote, you wrote Cindyanna. Yes. Wow. Yeah. It was a particularly good mood. That was in Atlanta when we saw each other in 2010. Which I'd like to add was the best show of that year. Because, you know, to get a pep talk from, doctor a pre, pregame, it's all you need. I'll tell you that was that was one of the that was one of the best nights ever for me. You talk about, like, little kids, your buddy being, like, a little kid with this whole Ja Morant thing, which reminds me, like, if your buddy's that devastated about Ja Morant, like, how do actual little kids feel about it? Like, it like it's it's pretty, I mean, badly because, you know, this is a is one of those unique players sort of in a, you know, Barry Sanders in in Detroit kind of way years ago that is so beloved in the city that that he, you know, positively affected the economy of Memphis. I mean, you know, he's he, so hopefully who I mean, I'm not giving up on him. You know what I mean? Well, I don't think he can. I mean, he's been away from the game for so long. He's got so much money. Like, there's no reason for him to to be messing around with any of that stuff. Yeah. No. It's crazy. Yeah. From a logistics standpoint, you you can't really nobody can really begin to understand it, but I think it's just like I mean, I'm not really sure if you have, but, you know, it's I just think, it seems like his his, his dad is part of it is part is an issue. It so, I mean, that's, you know, that's personal. Is there some sort of personal thing that, you know, to kind of wanna to be attracted to this sort of thug vibe? I can't really figure it out, but it obviously is doing him no favors in any way, shape, or form. And the main thing is that I mean, I was present for his game when he scored 52 or 53 against the Spurs, which is the franchise record, And I've seen him several times. He loves basketball. You know? So I think if you you know, a lot of guys like that, we've seen it in NBA history. You take away their basketball, and it it's it just equals bad news. You know? So, hopefully I mean, I I don't think everybody roots for John. In fact, a lot of people, I think, have a very negative impression of him, but I think that, hopefully I know Memphis and their fans will embrace him and hopefully at least at the start, he's 75% of what we're used to seeing. And then, you know, over the course of a handful of games, a dozen game starts starts to really click because, he is spectacular to watch. And it and it it is a good team and a fun team, and the coach, you know, Taylor Jenkins is excellent coach. So, hopefully, you know, they'll they'll move in the right direction. We've talked a lot about them, though. They're they are they're Bradley Beal is, actually going to play basketball this evening. He's gonna deign to play. It'll be I think that that's can only be I mean, he's fantastic. I was just thinking as I saw the, Wizards score scroll through, several times last night that the Wizards are sort of like my beloved pirates in in baseball. They're almost like a farm team for other teams in the league. They're like a farm team that plays in the league, and, I mean, Bradley Beal is freed from the binds of of the of the Wizards. And that team, which makes little or no appeal to me even though I recognize that they're great, they obviously can be a weird and wild force in the West. If Booker stays healthy, of course, they're good. I mean, the Suns are good whether you like it or not. Is, Eric Gordon still gonna be relevant with PO bags? Eric Gordon's always relevant because he's one of those guys, like a lot of guys, that comes in for stints sort of in a Reggie Jackson kinda way for the Nuggets. Obviously, Cord's a different type of player, but if you're hot, you're hot. And if you're not, you go back to the bench. I mean, he can come in at any point, score 15 to 25 if he's on fire. So he's always gonna get his test drive. And, you know, he's he's he's a solid NBA veteran. He has a role, and he understands it. I think he'll be a factor. I don't and in fact, I think, you know, where he is in his career, he'll benefit from Bradley Beal playing 35 minutes a night, you know, because he he should be, you know, he should be playing less in every way, shape, and form. Yeah. Reggie Jackson, that one game, really the most scintillating performance I saw this year, kinda mind blowing when he single handedly took over a game against the hall of fame late player laden Clippers and single handedly led a heavily injured Nuggets team to victory. That that game still blows my mind is is that that was just a a mind altering performance by that guy. It was beautiful to watch because, like, I mean, it you know, it was a guy that loved Jamal Crawford. He could do that sort of thing. You know? And then who's the guy that played for the Clippers for years that would do that all the time? It's not Jamal Crawford? It's not Eric Gordon? You may have froze up again, Bob. I'll tell you the, that Reggie Jackson game was a big game. It was against his former team, and, I was very excited about it because I was touting him for some time leading up to that. And, now we've all kinda moved on from Reggie Jackson, but, are you back? Are you working on that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Back. Yes, sir. But, thankfully, they're only, like, about 5 second breaks, so I can put in another cop drop. Hey. Did you did you see what Julian did last night? No. But I've been waiting for that to happen. I wasn't really the the game I've the main game I watched last night was the heat holding off the Hornets, because I like to watch the very unappealing aesthetic that is the Charlotte Hornets. So Strauther Yeah. Strauther's got the tools. Playing against your Atlanta Hawks. Okay. Then I saw the stats, but I didn't I guess I skipped over the the Strauther thing. What a fun easy team to have a best career game against. Well, the Pacers are easier, but, yeah, the Hawks are pretty easy. 6 three pointers and 5 steals and 22 points off the bench. 1st rook 1st, rookie, I think, ever to have 6 three pointers and 5 steals in one game. That's pretty amazing. I mean, we he's a first round guy from Gonzaga. Right? I believe so. Yeah. I mean, he's gotten a lot of playing time, you know, in the first half of the season. That's one great benefit of being a great team like the Nuggets and being able to afford an injury or 2 and still win and get valuable time for your young players. I mean, I think, like we've seen the same for Hawkeyes. Like, guys that start playing regular rotations 20:25 minutes a game instead of garbage time because, you know, 1 or 2 guys that play a lot of minutes are gone, and Strawler's a guy that over the last month, I've seen on the floor a lot. Yeah. I don't think I'm picking him up anywhere just yet, but I think he at least, needs to be on radar screens. I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead and throw him in my FanDuel, lineup tonight and see what happens. Yeah. He's hot. I mean, so you make a lot of playing time. And, you know, the next one of those tricky teams from a fantasy perspective that when you get past the guys, the guys are automatically picked. It's hard to gauge playing time. I mean, they are they are a very deep team, and, you know, it's unpredictable. It's guesswork into who's gonna have a game like Straub or had game, you know, last night. He could do absolutely nothing tonight, but then again, I like the fact that they're playing on the 2nd night of a back to back. He's hot. They might wanna get they might wanna get some guys some rest. Michael Porter junior was terrible last night, like, 1 of 11 or something ridiculous. What is it with him? Like, I've noticed that he's way incredibly he's amazing at home and bad on the road. It's weird. That and that's that's the rule I apply to him, you know, when I draft lineups. He likes sleeping in his own bed, I guess. I guess so. I mean, that is a thing, but, like, it's pretty drastic. I'd have to look at the numbers. But just from my own personal experience, I've seen him play some awful games on the road. And I think he's if he's one of those guys too that if Jokic is out, he seems he he's Jokic dependent. He obviously, is a shark or mora for for Jokic. Benedikt Matherin for the Pacers last time. My favorite players in the league, baby. 30 points, 7 boards, 8 assists. Love him. Love him. He played well in the previous game. Before that, he's kinda he's kinda been up and down all all season. Is he a guy you're picking up in all leagues at this point? I am. Yes. I think he's I I think he I think and then, unfortunately, he doesn't show up in stat Nesmith is insane. He's a he's a great player to watch live, but he's, you know, his fantasy value is always gonna be low. But, he's a you know, the Pacers don't play a lot of defense, but they do have guys that can play defense. I think we saw how good Nesmith was in the last few games in the end season tournament. On the defensive end, he he definitely is their best one on one defender. And then, of course, Bruce Brown plays defense, which to me, that that's more defense than the hawks play. But yeah. No. Matherin is incredibly versatile inside, outside guy, and the main reason to sort of pick him up at this point is heeled to me has been an extended cold streak. I saw him play live when he was just on one of his sick hot streaks. So I'd keep an eye on him. Right now, I think he's ice cold, and has been for a few weeks. But, yeah. No. I love Matherin. Matherin's an incredible athlete. He can give you some I think he's the kind of guy that would be useful on just about every team in the league, and there's not there's not that many guys that aren't household names you can say that about. I can't see Benedict Matherin not having a significant role on just about any team in the league. I like Maybe not the Sixers, but or the Celtics or something like teams that are just so deep, But he's great. Yeah. And I I mean, I think I'm I'm convinced after last night, it it's time to to pick him back up. I wish the Buddy Hield and Bruce Brown things weren't there to to kinda slow him down because they do they do step on each other's toes, a lot night to night, I think, and it it's kinda held Mathern back from just going off every night. But, the potential's there. Mathern's gonna be a good player, down Yeah. Oh, go ahead. No. You go ahead. Thompson last night started for the Pistons. He's back. Had 20 points. Had a full stat line. The Pippins play and the Pistons made a good game. I mean, the Pistons are are better than their record. They're I wouldn't say they're ready to have, like, a 500 second half, but they're they're I'm I wanna go see them, in a few days. I'd love to see that game with the hawks. But yeah. No. They are, I think that even what are they? Is it a 16 game losing streak? So they're 2 and 20, and they've lost 19 in a row. Last night in a row. I think last night was 20. 20 in a row. Yeah. I think they're gonna I think that they are well, I mean, it's easiest thing in the world to say they're going to play better basketball, but I think, yeah, it's, again, that team is like where the Rockets were. They'll get there. They'll turn the corner. They're fun watch. No matter winner lose, I mean, I don't even have to say winner lose lose, they're still a very fun watch. Are you picking up Alsair Thompson? I would consider it very strongly. Yeah. I think he should be rostered everywhere. I think he Yeah. He should be rostered everywhere because he's on a team that obviously can afford to to play him as much as needed, and I think he's got, certainly all rookie potential. And, yeah, I mean, I love the teams like that, you know, obviously, you know, where young guys are gonna get a huge change. And he's and, obviously, they're waiting. The Pistons fans that exist are waiting on him with bated breath, and he showed last night that showed last night if that's going to be a a close to a typical performance, he should be on your team. Yeah. And the Pistons are making me mad because Jaden Ivey should be a star. Asir Thompson should be playing 35 minutes a night. Absolutely. Bohan Bogdanovic, we know what he does. He he played 34 minutes last night. He started and scored 17 points. Like, all all that's doing is you're not winning games anyway, so why are we playing the this veteran guy that, like, he's he's not gonna be with Detroit for very long. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I agree. Let the kids play, man. I mean, it's you've lost 19 in a row. I mean and that's what their fans wanna see. You know? I mean, how how many minutes did Sasser play last night? I don't know, but he was really bad. Yeah. He he's very hit or miss, but he's just typical rookie. He's gonna be great. Yeah. I couldn't agree more. And, yes, Jaden Ivy, who who actually considered picking up this morning, he needs to play more. But I mean yeah. Definitely. Yeah. But it's if Austair Thompson's still available in your league, it's time because he's not gonna be for much longer, especially if they finally leave him in the starting lineup. Bob, we do this thing on this podcast called the panic meter every week. Like, who is scaring us right now? And I've got a I've got a little list. Some of this we've already talked about, but the Raptors, like, I think you said earlier, they're they are worse than you thought they were going to be, or you didn't think they were gonna be this big of a mess. Last night like, I've noticed, like, Scottie Barnes is bawling out almost every night, but OG Anunoby is not nearly the player we saw last year. Siakam's kinda been up and down roller coaster y, and Dennis Schroder is sort of like the the key to the whole thing because he's the only point guard they have. But last night, they played at the Garden against the Knicks. Everybody, all 4 of those guys actually played well, and they still lost. So what, I'm concerned about OG from a fantasy perspective. I think Siakam needs to get moved as soon as possible. I think Schroder is better in Fantasy than he is in real life, and I love what Scottie Barnes is doing this year. I mean, I agree with every point that you made. And, I mean, it's interesting because Pirtle went to that team, and I was like, wow. I had seen Pirtle play in a few NBA games, and I thought that that it was good for the Spurs to move him. And and but then he he was he came to Toronto and was completely rejuvenated and was fantastic the last part of the season. And I think he's back to just being a very average big. And, that's part of the problem. And you talked about how their only true point guard is Schroder. I think Schroder is is is playing just fine. He's as advertised. And, yeah, I mean, the consistence the inconsistency of any Nobi is a is a big problem. Really, I thought a Chua would be better. I had Achua at various times last year, and he was very useful. He hasn't been lineup worthy at on at all. He's had really just a handful of of of games. I mean, I love the guy. I want him to be great. And then, what's the other guy's name? Boucher. Is that that's he's a he's a Boucher. He's he's a great athlete too. So they do have if they can figure it, it's an interesting GM position in that whatever is going on from a chemistry per perspective, whether it's a offense or in a night like last night when the Knicks couldn't miss or a defensive struggle because they play both. They play games that, you know, total points are 200 and total points are 260 like last night. There's no rhyme or reason to it, and there's gotta be some sort of chemistry problem, going on there. And I think I mean, I hate to say it, but I just it's the thing that sticks out to me, and, obviously, I could be completely wrong because I'm just a viewer, is the problem. I mean, eats up a lot of space, and he's he just he's he slows an athletic team like that down. But I'm just being you know, I'm just going from from what I see, and I've only seen him play a handful of times this year, but I love him, and that team's loaded with him. I've got I've got Siakam and Scottie Barnes, so I've got the best of it. So, obviously, I root for the for Raptors every night. Dude, that's a pretty good, insight on Pirtle. I was on a Raptors podcast the day before yesterday, and we spent an hour talking about basically the Raptors. And Pearl's name never came up one single time, good or bad. And now that you mentioned it, I mean, he's just sort of like a forgotten guy. Like, I I don't think about him in terms of fantasy now. I don't think of him in terms of reality, and, like, he's just sort of he's just sort of there. I don't even know what he's doing. He's there, and he plays a lot. I mean, he last night, he played 24, but usually pays high twenties, low thirties. And, I mean, when he was on those bad Spurs teams, you know, when they had they they had some really good players, including Murray and White. And you could see when you watched them live. I watched one game where I was in in the end zone, and you could see that I mean, it was actually the night that Chopp, quite famously posterized him. And, I mean, he's a big guy, but he just on highly athletic teams, like, you know, the way those that bad Spurs whatever it is, he it's he's one of those guys that when the smoke clears, he always ends up on a losing team. And, I'm, you know, I'm not hope I'm not hating on the poor guy. He's probably a perfectly nice man. He's got the old word word game named after him. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. He he just frustrates me. And when he went to the Raptors last year, I was like, oh, how weird. Like, almost like, why would you want that guy? And then his numbers, the 1st month he was with Toronto were insane. Insanely good. And now he's I think he's just back to being fertile, and I think that that would be my theory if I was, you know, a season ticket holder to the Raptors. That would be the guy where I'd be, you know, holding my head in my hands and being like I mean, I obviously don't I I just think I just think he needs fewer minutes. He's got a lot of very interesting athletic bigs. Now he's obviously the only, like, space eater and proper big on the team, but to me, he's the problem. Switching gears over to Dallas, hot players that I'm excited about, Derek Lively had a monster double double last night with a couple blocks. Great rookie definitely should be on the all rookie team having a fantastic in fact, this will be really they still do that at the all star break where they do the 2nd year against the 1st year, game. We're gonna find out because they're supposedly going old school with the all star weekend. Okay. Because I I love that's a game that, that's usually the night before the all all star game. Right? All star Saturday. Yeah. Yeah. I would like I would love to go to that game this year. I think it's an incredibly entertaining rookie class, and obviously with guys like Matherin et al, it's a very interesting 2nd year class. I think they're in Indianapolis, this year. Yeah. That's that's drivable. Yeah. Yeah. Derek Lively. He is great. He's been a great great He had a huge double double last night. He looked really good, and he he qualified, for enough shot attempts to be among to considered for the league leaders in, field goal percentage. And now he's the number one field goal percentage guy in the entire league as well because all he does is dunk. All he does is dunk. I think he should be picked up and and rostered everywhere. I don't I don't if Derek Lyle is out there on a waiver wire somewhere, he should not be. So go go get I wish I had him. I mean, everybody could use a double double guy. He's got an incredibly high field goal percentage. And anything does he block shots? Yes. He blocks shots with some regularity? Yes. He's, yeah, he's he's ticking a lot of boxes. Did you see Keontae George scored 30 last night with 7 assists? No. But, I think you can expect more of that. Yeah. Time to pick him up everywhere. Like, we've been saying that for 3 weeks around here. So Yeah. Absolutely. Great. Another great watch. Just a fantastic a fun guy to watch. A lot of people have been panicking on Josh Giddey with his legal troubles and his lack of production. He had 12 points, 10 boards, 8 assists last night. If somebody panic dropped Josh Giddey in your league, I think you should probably pick him up. Any thoughts on Giddey or well, Giddey and Victor Wemenyama, what what is your takeaway on on the winning? Well, those 2 guys, well, it's amazing. One of the best little pocket bets, in in the NBA I've noticed over the last several weeks is and I included in a lot of my, parlays is and I'd have to look up the stats, but the Spurs are a great first half team. And I have no idea what's going on, but there's been so many times where they've been in the lead at halftime or a few points down and just gotten blown out the second half. So I've almost made it a habit regardless of who they're playing against to play the Spurs plus the points of the Spurs straight up to win first half, which is odd. I don't know. As you know, obviously, it's not it can't be the that's one thing we always think about the Spurs. There's no way it could be the coach. So I don't know why they're playing so poorly in the second half, but they are. And, I mean, Wembley is I've he just when I've seen him play, I've seen I saw him I've seen him play 2 whole games, and he's obviously gonna be in, you know, in incredibly hopefully, I mean, as long as he doesn't have, you know, some sort of unforeseen circumstances in the injury department. He's gonna be he's gonna be incredible. But to me, he just he does have a very image. You see, he he's one of those guys you see in really in all sports when they're young, you know, who who sort of, you know, kind of are growing into their frame. Certainly, it's a it's a very big thing in horse racing, which is a sport I followed closely for 40 years. You'll see a lot of 2 year old young racehorses that are large framed and very athletic, and you see a tremendous amount of scope is what we call it, horse racing. And he seems like he just needs to fill out. It's not only logical things like weight and muscle and stuff like that. It's just physical maturity. So, he's just, he he's pretty close to becoming a man, and I expect that sooner or later. I just think that everything about this year and him and the Spurs is a trial run. I think they actually start to build. I think towards the end of the season, when you see him string together games, you know, very good performances, that then they'll start to build. But this this whole year, this whole vibe with the Spurs seems to be like a trial run, and the trial run is very much often on national TV. So whatever. I mean, he's exciting and cool. And and who's the other one? Wimby and who else? He put, Wimby put, Shingun on a poster last night. That was that was pretty fun. Shingun's been great. I mean Josh Josh Giddey was the other there. Oh, Giddey. I mean, Giddey is a guy that I'd I mean, that I only heard of and I saw play a handful of times in second half of the season. He's a very, very unique player. Very stylish and very skilled guy. And, I it's whatever is going on with him off the floor, it make I mean, whatever. It makes me uncomfortable from the standpoint, I'm just for what we're talking about. I mean, it it is on the core performance is regardless of sport, that kind of circus, whatever's going on, that kind of, it takes your focus away from your job, doesn't it? I mean, so I don't know what's going on, but he's got unusual gifts on the basketball floor, which is, you know, what we're talking about. And, yeah, if he was on my team, I would keep a very close eye on him and his minutes. And, he seems like the kind of guy, if things were really going badly off the court, you would see, you know, one of those many, injuries that we don't really know what they are, like a subluxation of your pinky, and he he would be out for 2 weeks. I mean Yeah. I'm not I'm not that worried about getting I mean, they're Oklahoma City's in 2nd place in the west behind Minnesota. They're great. It's really weird, and and not everybody can score 30 tonight for that team. And, you know, Jalen and SGA are gonna do that. Giddey's a true point guard just kinda He's a great passer. He's a great everything down in in the you know, he's holding it down. So Yeah. He's a great passer. And, yeah, certainly, if you, you need his assist if he's on your team. And and he could steal. He's he's a, you know, unique unique young player. He is. He's a walking triple double if he gets if he gets enough, minutes and and opportunity. So alright, Bob. I know that during the during the pandemic, I bought some stuff from Brokers Tip Records, and I used or I bought I did something, and you you sent me a a briefcase, a Brokers Tip Briefcase, and that is the official, Alexander trivia material bag. Very, that's a that's first of all, that's a very, very difficult, or or very entertaining trivia. So we use that bag every every Thursday night when we go host our trivia, but Those are used it's a useful bag, and it it's pretty unusual. You can use a backpack. Yeah. That was probably the best news, that BrokerShip ever made, was I mean, essentially, BrokerShip is just a little tiny record label that that I run out of my guest room, and it's completely unofficial business. It's just a nonprofit, and what it is is there's certain bands that rub me the right way that I think are really awesome, that make really great music, that really have never made much of an effort to, be kind of part of the music business that just enjoy playing and making songs and don't really ever think about, wanting to be more than that. And, and the idea sort of started in the early nineties when I lived in Louisville when there was a bunch of bands like that. And that was just when these bands tour regionally or some cases tour nationally or just play local gigs that they have a piece of vinyl to sell. And I think I I often thought when I was in a band in the nineties, like, particularly Silver Jews, like, when our first record came out, our first 7 inch called Dime Map of the Reef, I felt like that kind of made us feel like we were a real band. Like, I've got a racehorse actually called Rangelife who trains in Arkansas, and she had her first published work yesterday, and that made her, like, a re like, in some ways, like, real. So I just feel like if you when that first silver cheese record came out, I kinda felt like, woah. This is, like, actually a real venture. So broker's tip, essentially, what I do is I I put the money up. I've got a guy in Wisconsin, super duper records that'll make, you know, make you 3 or 500 vinyls real cheap. And the COVID killed us because we're talking about the kind of bands that when they sell products, they sell 90 80 to 90% of their products from the stage or t shirt boost at their live shows and, like, 10% on Bandcamp. You know? So COVID was a disaster for Broker's Tip. I have a I mean, actually, I have a website that I've sorted right now, we're in a state of flux, and we're not releasing anything. But we went on a run for about 5 or 6 years, and and, I thought it was gonna be easier, but I just needed to devote more time to it. But, yeah. No. Piranha Rama, Lucy Arnall, Infidels. I mean, I love all the music, and most of it's music that people will never, you know, hear. But the bottom line is it's, like, it's bands that I love and dig their music and dig their live show, and, you know, I want them to have something to sell. So if somebody, like, you know, if you and you and I went and saw a band that we that we'd never heard of and we thought they're really awesome, then you and I would walk up to the merch booth and spend $5 on a 7 inch record. So that's that's the whole concept. You know? Give them something physical that somebody could take. Yeah. Because you're not gonna take the like, you're not you'd have to really love something or love the design to spend 25 on a T shirt after a show, but you'll spend 5 on a sevens if you thought a band was really cool. You know? Very cool. Very cool. It's sad that COVID slowed slowed it down so much that kinda sucks. Maybe Yeah. Payment touring and stuff like that. Yeah. We'll be back in 2024, maybe with an actual office. I'm kind of in a I'm in a little bit of a state of flux at the moment myself, but, hopefully, the the smoke will clear at some point, my friend. Alright, Bob. Well, thank you for coming on. Stick around for just a second. When we're done, I wanna tell you something. Everybody, this is Bob Nistanovich. Great having you on, Bob. Thank you so much. My pleasure. Anytime, really. If you're in a bind or somebody cancels, call me up. Right on. If, if you wanna try a free rotor wire subscription, try it for free at rotorwire.com/try. We are out of here, Bob. Thanks again, and I'll see you guys on Thursday with Rick Kamla right here at 11. Awesome.