Hey, everybody. I am Steve Alexander, doctor a. That is Bob Rathman, the voice of the Atlanta Hawks for Bali Sports. Welcome to the to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast sponsored by underdog, Divin Seats, and Rival Fantasy. Today is Tuesday, October 31st, which is also Halloween. Bob and I are getting ready to do this. So you ready, Bob? I am ready, doctor. It is good to see you, my friend. Alright. Bob, you know, when you and I first met, it was probably about 15 years ago. You sent me an email after something something ran in the AJC, and I I was thinking about that because the picture, they used for that article of me, I was holding my son. He was like a little, like, infant, 6 months, year old. I don't know how old he was, but he was a little kid. And, he drove his car to school today, and he's driving himself to the dentist afterwards, which means I don't have to do any of that. But it just it just shows me how long, you and I have been buddies. Well, it is one of my most fun things about doing this job, meeting great people like you, and I have been a huge fan from day 1. Your knowledge and expertise in this is mind boggling, and I I just I learned so much, from you all and you, Steve in particular. And, the fact that you're an unabashed Hawks fan makes it all the better. Well, there you go. We've got the we've got I've I've switched out the Deion Sanders jersey for for Dominique. Oh, good. I was all fired up about Deion before the season started, and then everybody else became fired up about Deion. And it sort of jumped the shark and become, like, almost too much. Yeah. But I'm still happy for him. I I I think he's doing a good job, and and he's he's gonna he's gonna have success in that program. But it's basketball season, man. We gotta get the Dominique Jersey up here. You know, there there are some things, doctor a, that you just you can't really mess with, and a Nick Jersey is one of them. I mean, that that has to take up a special spot on the back row there. Well, yeah. It's it's there right now. That's that's the jersey I would You can hang you can hang Dion's stuff and whatever else, but that corner belongs to the Hall of Famer. Well, this this is my official, headphones holster when I'm not wearing them. There it is. The Dominique shoe. It's always it's always just an arm's length away Yeah. Okay. No matter where I go. You're safe. Alright. So before we get into some hawks chatter, I'm gonna remind everybody to like and subscribe to this podcast. Keep us going. It's a good time. I wanna keep doing it. Before we get into to James Harden and before we get into the hawks, you have an off night. Right? Like, there's no Hawks basketball tonight. I assume you're not drafting anywhere. Are you are you fired up to hand out some candy tonight? I am so fired up. We're gonna have the fire going on the front porch, because it's gonna be cold tonight. And I am as soon as we're finished here, I am headed to the front yard for leaf duty, and I gotta get the yard straight and then, make a quick run to, to get some candy, and off we go. I can't wait because I I love seeing the neighbor's kids come by. It's great. Are you going are you going all in on the candy? Are you gonna make it are you going, like, full size Snickers? Are you gonna do candies? We do not chintz on the, on the treats here. I mean, it's, this is serious business. You know, when they bring their, pillow covers as bags, you know, it's it's serious, and you gotta fill them up. Okay. I what's your address? I was Yeah. If anybody can figure out where Bob lives and you want a full size 3 Musketeers, I think that's the that's the place to be. And I because that's the thing. When you take your kids trick or treating, the kids wanna find, you know, that house that hands out the full size Yeah. Candy bars and not an apple or you know? Yeah. Oh, no. No Belgian raisins. No. No. None of that. And and we encourage, our trick or treaters to grab a handful. You know, it's not one per trick or treater. Oh, yeah. You get you get the full Monty here. Well, you're only a kid once, so you gotta you gotta yeah. I sounds like I need to come trick and treating at your house tonight. Yeah. The only the only restrictions I have is if you walk up, you know, in a 70 six's jersey, I said the dogs, but any everybody else is fine. Speaking of spooky things and Halloween, Bob, James Harden snuck out of Philadelphia this morning at 2:30, kinda like this Colts snuck out of Baltimore back in the day. Yep. Firkan Korkmaz tried to hitch a ride, but both teams didn't think that would be a good idea. So he's gonna stay right where he's been trying to get out of for the last 5 years. That's one of the That's awesome. It's one of the funny things on on Twitter x this morning is Firkan Korkmaz was trying everything he can do to get involved in that trade, and he just couldn't do it. The other funny thing I saw was, Bob, you know the old saying that the 2 happiest days of your life are when you buy a boat and sell a boat? As somebody said, the 2 happiest days of being an NBA fan is when your team trades for James Harden, you carry them away. So that was fairly entertaining, I thought. But what any thoughts? We've got, you know, details are still coming in. You and I were asleep when this was going out. We haven't really had a chance to study this thing, but, basically, we've got Westy, you know, Russell Westbrook, Kawhi Leonard, Paul George, and James Harden all together in the same rowboat. I think the only guy missing is Kawhi is, Kyrie Irving. Yeah. That would really make it a fivesome. It's it's a flashback to OKC. Right? Putting the putting the old band back together. You get Russ and Westbrook and, and Harden together. I don't know, doc. This is, you know, this is not the James Harden of years gone by. This is, he's still the ball dominant James Harden, but he's not the James Harden that we remember as MVP and scoring champion, blah blah blah. And you got, like, 3 guys that are ball dominant on this team. So I I don't know. Ty Lou deserves better. He's a fabulous coach, really good. Really good. And, to try to make this work on the fly is is gonna be very, very difficult in my view. Philly is gonna be better just because the distraction is gone. People are gonna find out Nick Nurse can really coach, and, you know, Covington is a guy that he can utilize. Used to be there. Right? He was a Philly guy at one point. And, you know, he's don't need the ball, do the dirty work. You know, that Philadelphia may come out. I mean, they're they're this close away from being 3 and o. So, this Well, I think like you said, the getting rid of that distraction Yeah. That's a he clears the air and everybody can take a deep breath, and we don't have to they don't have to answer questions about James Harden every single day. Exactly. And Bob, honestly, I'm just happy that Ed Williams, one of one of my many bosses was asleep at 2:30 in the morning. So he didn't make me start filming videos about James Harden at 3 AM and try to break that thing down. So, yeah, I I it's gonna be an interesting experiment. I doubt it works. There is a part of me though that thinks, what if they all play the right way together and figure this out quickly, and it could be almost like an Olympic team experience? I don't I don't know how that would happen. But But they're not all gonna play though, Steve. They you know, Kawhi's gonna miss his 30, and Paul George will miss his 30 games, and Harden will take off every once in a while. And I I don't know how it comes together. And this actually gives them more of a free pass to take a night off. I mean, I could see Tyler just being like, alright. Westy, you're off Tuesday. Paul, you're taking Friday off. Which is exactly what the league doesn't want. Oh, man. Yeah. It's at at least it's over. How about that? Yes. That's the best part of all. Bob, I know you don't play a lot of fantasy sports, but your I also don't know anybody who's has dialed into the rest of the league as you are outside of a certain Atlanta Hawk right now. Who's got me super excited. I'll talk about him in a in a couple minutes. Yeah. Are there any non Hawk players that you've seen play on TV or in in person this year that you're you've been impressed with or surprised by? Yeah. Well, Jalen Duran in Detroit. Yeah. And this is what I love about fantasy basketball, because you all that are involved in this comb the box scores and look at these results like like I do and we do, for the hidden gems and for the guys that are on the rise. And for anybody who plays on the Pistons these days, the national media is sound asleep. They're not paying attention. They're not watching the games, but I tell you what. Detroit's got some great young talent that's fun to watch, and it's gonna be great to watch these guys rise over these years. I think Dern is is one of those guys. You know, sitting next to Nique every night, you get a unique perspective when we play these teams because he can look at a guy and say, this this cat can play a little bit. Let's keep an eye on him, which is gives you that perspective that you don't get a lot of different places. Right? But Nick can identify him, and he's that's a kid that that Nick took a look at. I he's a tremendous rebounder. I mean, my goodness. He could rebound out of his area, great timing, you know, young legs right now. I really like him, and he's just one of of several of these young cats. But I my I really do have a deep appreciation for the for what you do and the fancy players. I just wasn't blowing smoke. I mean, you guys studied this and followed this, and it's, and I learned, a lot about the league just by following. Awesome. Yeah. Duran's been incredible. I was looking at the league leaders and blocks, and Duran is at I think he's at 3 a game. I also noticed that Scottie Barnes of the Toronto Raptors is blocking 3 shots a game right now, which is crazy. He won't be there at the end, but I'm I'm kinda keeping an eye on blocks because I've got a I've got a jersey bet with a buddy of mine. I've got Wim Bin Yamah, and he's got Walker Kessler for who has more blocks this season. So trying to keep an eye on what's going on there. Happy happy for the for Walker Kessler. You know? A Newnan, Georgia guy, you know, great family. Kid got a break and took advantage of it. You know? Caught fire at Auburn. Really fun to watch. Did you see this Cam Thomas thing coming out of Brooklyn? I didn't. Not really. You never know. You know, it I I always say it's the Fred Carter syndrome. You know? The worst team in the league has to have a leading scorer. You just never know who that guy is going to be. You get rid of all your stars. You start this rebuild, and and this guy sort of appears out of nowhere, seems to be a high volume shooter. I mean, he is he is getting them up, but, no. I did not see that coming. He's getting them up, but he's doing it at a at a nice percentage. Yep. He had 3 40 point games in a row last year. Like, we saw flashes of this last year. And then this year, you know, everybody was talking about McHale Bridges nonstop on that team because he had such a phenomenal run when he got to Brooklyn last year. People weren't weren't really talking about Cam Thomas, but then Nick Claxton got hurt and Cameron Johnson got hurt and Cam's just been out there going crazy. So I'm all about it. I'm I actually drafted him in a couple leagues and it's it's kind of fun when that happens. But, all right. Well, let's get ready to talk about the Hawks. But first, we're going to talk about Underdog fantasy because it's the number one platform for NBA, best ball and DFS player. Pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $500 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today, and use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Bob, I feel like I've been doing this for a 1000000 years. I mean, I was just so smooth. I I don't have the raspy vocals of of Bob Rathman, but, man, I can I can read a I can read a script? Oh, that's good. I I I've played some underdog last night, actually, and I I needed 2 LeBron 3 pointers, which I got. I needed, like, 42 combined points, assists, and rebounds from Anthony Davis, which I got. I needed 19 scoring points from Franz Wagner of the Orlando Magic. He had 16 going into the Q4. I mean, all's I need is a 3 pointer from Franz. I'm I'm good. And he he shot 5 of 17 for the game, never scored another point. Oh. And that that was a tough that was a tough underdog defeat, but I still had fun watching it, trying to happen. It's, it's it's interesting to me how you could put these kinda weird combinations together and get a big payout. I mean, that to me, that is, like, really interesting. Had Joe had Joe Burrow, the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback, thrown one interception in the the entire game on Sunday, I would've I had a $10 investment in a 5 legger, and it would I would've won, like, $300. Wow. But Wow. He didn't. He didn't throw an interception. Yeah. But it it's fun. It's fun being able to do these prop these props where you can just sort of pick and choose. It's like going to the shopping shopping center. Right. Just pulling stuff off the shelf. Right. Bob Cool. Your Atlanta Hawks. Yes, sir. Last night, I'm sitting there watching. I've got Luke on one TV. I've got the Hawks on one TV. I've got football on another TV. The Hawks are down 21. Nothing's going right, and I almost turned it to a different game. But I was like, my man is coming on the show tomorrow. I need I need to stay with him through this difficult time. And then what happened? DeShaunte Murray happened. He had one of the greatest quarters in Hawk history last night. He hit 11 consecutive shots to start the second half, and the the interesting part about it to me was that 9 of them were jumpers. You know, you just don't see that. Guys who put together streaks of consecutive field goals made are generally around the basket. You know, you mix in 3 or 4 dunks and blah blah blah. That wasn't the case with Murray. He was hitting threes. He was hitting midranges. He was getting to the rack, for sure. But to hit 11 in a row, they told us that in the, quote, modern era, which means the play by play era, which started late 19 nineties, this was the best quarter in Hawk history for a player, which is saying something. We've had great guards come through here, and, you know, what Trey's done has been phenomenal of late, but DJ had it going. And it wasn't just his offense. I mean, he was really good on Edwards last night, played a great game. It was it was really good stuff. I was gonna ask you about Edwards because I noticed you and you we talked about it on the broadcast. Uh-huh. And every uh-oh. You still there? I am. I'm here. Okay. Alright. We I'm here. Something something got sketchy there. I think when I was watching the broadcast Leaf fell. I broke up the phone. Fell. Anthony Edwards was kind of balling out in that game and going off and doing whatever he wanted to do. And suddenly, you were like, where did Anthony Edwards go? And I was like, where did Anthony Edwards go? I suspect some of that was DeJante playing defense. It was, but they didn't really look for him, it it my view. I mean, I get so focused on the ball, that I don't see what's going on in the other four positions. But it just seemed to me like he didn't get the touches in the second half like he did in the first, and he was cooking. I mean, 20 point first half, looked great, shot a high percentage. And, of course, he's you know, if you're not aware, you know, he's an Atlanta kid, coming back home to play and was juiced here last year, had 32 in the game that Minnesota won in this building. And so last night was just more of the same. And then all of a sudden, it just stopped, and they you knew they were gonna cool off. I mean, you're not gonna hit 60, 70% of your shots in an NBA game over an extended period of time. So we expected a little drop off, and halftime is usually the time that that happens. But what was so interesting last night is that they could not restart the engine. And, yes, the Hawks picked it up. Murray got hot. But when Minnesota tried to to light the flame again, it just wasn't happening, and then they they fell apart. I think the run was at one point, it was 60 to 20. You probably you probably have it, but it was, I think, even bigger than that. But it was about a 40 point swing. Yeah. It was crazy. One of the most incredible runs I've ever seen. It really was because the Hawks, were down 21, and then they were up 21. Like, it it all happened so fast, and then Yeah. Minnesota couldn't even hardly react to it. Yeah. Alright. So you talking about trying to find diamonds in the rough and and find guys, who are gonna get hot before they get hot, and one of those guys plays for the Atlanta Hawks. I Jalen Johnson looks like a different player to me this season than he looked last season. Like, Nick is talking about, Jalen Duran passing the eye test. Like, that guy can play a little bit. When I see Jalen Johnson on TV right now, I'm like, man, that guy looks good. Like, he just looks confident, healthy, super athletic, and and just he just looks like he wants to go out there and take over. Well, you nailed it. Confidence, which he had none of. The first couple of years, we sent him down to College Park. He starts to get his feet wet. And one thing I think for fans to to check out of these young guys is when they do go down to the g league, keep an eye on them. See how they do. Do they score in big numbers? Do they fit in? Do they help the team win? And those that do, a year or 2 later, you may see them arrive on the NBA scene. And I think Johnson is one of those guys. You know, he did not play a lot in college. He he left Duke very early on. He was not ready for the pros, his rookie season. He got the season that he needed at College Park. He got a little bit of his a little feet wet, last season, but still did not shoot the ball well. But the intensive work that he's done and the Hawks have done and what Quinn has done with him, since taking over is to infuse that confidence. You can do this. You can play this style. And now you have a 6 foot 9 wing, jumbo size wing that can run, I think is going to develop into a very good outside shooter in time, but he's getting to the rack. These dunks have been amazing. Mhmm. He gives us a, an athletic player that we just haven't had that size that can run and do things, block shots and and and rebound a little bit. He's really coming on. So you identified a gem, and I think he's gonna get a ton of minutes. Quinn believes in him. He wants him out there. We're kinda stuck in this threesome between Jalen and and Hunter and Sadique Bey, and I think Quinn will at least early, kinda rotate the 3 based on the matchups. But if Jalen keeps playing the way he's playing, he is not coming out of that lineup. Well, he he did not start in game 1. Sadik Bey did. And then Right. Jalen started after that. He started last night. I don't know how. I don't know. The way he looks right now, I don't think you can take him out. And and, Sanik, they looks pretty good off the bench, I think. Yep. I I that might be even a better role for him. And then Deandre Hunter, who a lot of Hawks fans over the years have lost patience with and, like, it's I feel like this is the year for Deandre Hunter to either turn the corner and be what he thought we what we thought he was gonna be, or Hawks fans are just gonna be like, we we gotta move on to this guy. I I would bet on Hunter, and I'll I'll tell you why. Remember where he played his college basketball? Virginia. Right? It's a you know, we do not do this at Virginia. And I you know, that's no indictment. Tony Bennett's a a great coach and a national champion, but, you know, they play a system. And and Hunter, you remember, he was a red shirt in college, which never happens for an elite player, and then played 2 more years after that, was hurt, came back, got on the national championship squad. He's got a winning pedigree. He's very quiet. Don't let that deceive you. He's a very intense competitor. He's a lot bigger and stronger than than you think he is until you see him up close. But here's the thing about the coaching change here. This is another one of the guys, sort of like Jalen, that when you have your shot, let it fly. Quinn does not care if you miss 7 in a row. All he cares about is if when that ball comes to you and you're open, you shoot the basketball. And what you're starting to see with Hunter is, oh, it's okay to to shoot this? Oh, okay. And I think, unless I miss my my bet on this one, doc, this is gonna be another guy who is gonna be a consistent 3 point shooter. When you look at Hunter's career in games that he has taken 7 or more threes, and I think it's happened about close to 30 times in his career, His 3 point percentage is just right under 40%. That's pretty good. And I think he is gonna be as the as the weeks go on and he gets more comfortable, he's gonna be taking 7, 8, 9 threes a game because he has permission to shoot them, and he's a good outside shooter. And the other thing about the perception of Hunter, I think, is, you know, we moved heaven and earth to get him. You know, basically, the number 4 pick in the draft. So with that comes the expectations, and I think he may have suffered from that a little bit. Plus, he's trying to figure out how to play with Trey and, you know, the whole bit about the acclamation of the pros going through coaching changes and what have you. But he's got a guy now who believes in him, wants him to shoot the basketball, and, you know, if you've got him in one of your leagues, hang on to him. I think he's in for a pretty big year. Nice. And I I think he looks he's off to a good start. I he's he's off to a better start than I think I thought he was going to be. So Yeah. Good on Deandre Hunter. The NBC's in the NBA season is here. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. Because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, You can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure that your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code RotoWire for for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code ROTOWire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app. Visit vividseats.com. Vivid Seats, experience it live. Bob, you said something earlier that I I was going to comment on. I forgot to do it. I'm gonna do it now. You said sitting next to Dominique is a unique experience, And when Dominique launched his Brooks line of shoes, they were called the Dominique Uniques. I don't know if you knew that or not. I did not. I I I bought a pair of those in the in the store, and I had I've got ads that still say unique, for those Brooks Brooks shoes. But his Brooks were called uniques, which I thought was funny when you said it. Very nice. What's going on with Trae Young? Do do do we love Trae Young? Hawks fans, huge Trae Young fans, are they do we not know about Trae Young? How likable the guy is he? Where where are we with Trae Young? I I think it's another situation where you have a player trying to adapt to a new coach in a new system. This is, this is a work in progress. Okay? Trey, in my in my opinion, was a guy who played one way his whole life, from the time he was a kid and growing up in Norman, Oklahoma, high school, AAU, that 1 year at Oklahoma early on in his Hawks career. He played one way, ball dominant, do everything, the passing, the scoring, the whole 9 yards. Doesn't have to do that now. He does not he he has a better team around him, and Quinn recognizes that. And Quinn is trying to find that balance for Trey from bleeding the offense to shooting to passing, the whole 9 yards to get him to to play defense, all of those things, and it's sort of a work in progress. And I'll be honest with you, you know, for somebody who watches this every night, this team, it's fascinating to watch. Quinn Snyder is one of the most unique coaches I've ever had the pleasure of working with. Now I've known Quinn since he was a junior at Duke when I was doing his games on the ACC pack. So we've we've known each other a long time, and he's so smart. You know, you look at his educational background. Both of his parents were teachers. His dad was a coach. He is a he is a thinker, man. He is he's got it figured out, and I think the greatest thing for Quinn is his communication skills. And this is something that he's been charged with doing to make it work with Trey and Dejounte. But Trey in particular is to listen, Trey. You've been this is your 3rd coach. You're working on your second, you know, 2 and a half general managers. You know, it's time. You're getting paid. You got your max contract. Now how can we funnel all this into winning and leading? And this is what Quinn has been charged to do. The constant, and I mean constant communication between coach and player, film, interaction with his teammates, practice court in the locker room, what you'll see, I believe, is the the growth, sort of the rewiring of Trey's brain, if you will, to good shot, bad shot, to extra pass, don't don't make the pass, play off the ball. And this is all a work in progress. You know, we're only 4 games into this thing. And breaking some old habits, developing new habits, and I I think you know, Trey is an amazingly talented kid. To do what he's done in this league at his size, is is unbelievable. He's led this league in total assists for 2 straight years. You just don't do that if you can't really play the game, and he's as he's so special as a passer. But I think Hawks fans like him. I think Hawks fans get frustrated with him, but I think they like him, and I think they they're gonna like what they see. Let's come back and chat, later in the season, and we'll see if, if Trae becomes that all around guy that I think he will. If we win and he continues was he second in the league this morning in assists still? Yep. He was, going into last night. He will he'll be back on the all star team, and Murray may be with him. The same guy that we have the block bet with, we had an assist bet. And I I got the first pick, and the first thing that came out of my mouth was Trey. And my buddy took Tyrese Halliburton, and I think my buddy's gonna win because Halliburton's 1 and Trey's 2 in assists right now. Or at least that total? As of last night. I think we're doing average per game. Average. Okay. Well, you know, we haven't shot the ball well. When will we start shooting the ball well? True. Traces' total will go up. It sounds like you feel like the well, I I think an important part of this, and I didn't even have it down to talk to you about, but, you already talked about Quinn a little bit. But the fact that Quinn is really just now taking over this team, like, last year was a warm up. Ugh. Just getting his feet wet in Atlanta. Yeah. Like, this is totally different. Now it's his team. Yeah. Now it's his system. So it is it is probably gonna take time for everybody to get get on the same page. So My first year with the Hawks was 96, 97, and we started 0 and 2 and 156 games. And I remember Lenny Wilkins, who was our coach then, telling me, I mean, what a my first year in the NBA full time, and I got Lenny. Are you kidding me? You know, 10 time hall of famer. He I remember him saying to me, don't judge anything or anybody until we played 20 games. He said, you'll go through enough home road, back to back, good opponents, bad opponents. You'll see enough in those first 20 games that you'll have a pretty good handle on your team. And I would say that to all fans, whether you play fantasy or you're just an NBA fan, withhold judgment until 20 games, and then see where you are. You know, everybody is now like the Celtics. You know, everybody thinks, oh my god. You know? You know, Celtics. Just wait for Singles to get hurt. They have no bench. These things play out. They they have been the last how long? 10 years? A very good regular season team. But, I don't see, that next banner, hanging. So it it it's a long season, but I I would withhold judgment. That's that's good advice. Twenty games. Fantasy manager should probably take that advice sometimes because, you know, we live in a Twitter world now. It's like, what what have you done for me, like, last night? And if Right. If last night didn't go well, you're looking for something else the next day. So it's it's hard, especially for non patient people to be patient in this world. But, one more Hawks note, and then we'll look at a couple of tonight's games and then let you get let you get to your Halloween chores. Yes. Clint Capela and Anyika Okonwu coexisting, at some point, Okonwu is going to take over. When is that going to happen, and is it happening right now, or is Clint still firmly entrenched in the future? Where? I think yes to to most of that. Yes. Onyeka will be the the big man of the future. Yes. Capella's entrenched. I think what you're seeing is another another aspect of the coaching change. Was was there a more dominant well, I shouldn't say dominant. Was there a more frequent pick and roll team than Atlanta last year? Right? We probably ran more pick and rolls than anybody. Yeah. If not, number 1, close. And most of them were Capella and Trey, of 15 pick and roll. And one thing that Quinn wanted to get away from was our complete, utter reliance on a pick and roll to start every offensive possession in the half court. And you're seeing Trey play off the ball. You're seeing read and react. You're seeing a lot more passing and movement. Well, the one guy that that affects is gonna be Clint Capela. Right? He's not probably going to get as many touches as he has in the past. So when it comes to his numbers, they probably will be down just a little bit. But he's still a fantastic rebounder. He anchors the back line of that defense. He blocks shots. His ability to keep the ball alive on the offensive glass, is is really a unique skill that he has. So, you know, if you're asking from a fantasy perspective, I think his numbers might go down just a hair, but if you're asking from the basketball and the winning side, then he's just as as big a piece as ever, but it's a different shift. It's a different focus now by Quinn trying to implement more of his scheme. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So it it really doesn't, to me, speak to a decline of Clint Capela. I mean, he's 29 years old. He's still in his prime. But what it does suggest is a little different shift in emphasis. The the unique thing about the Hawks is none of our fives really shoot the ball. You know? Clint's you take about restricted area, and we're in trouble. Onyeka developing a 3 point shot, but not there yet by any means. And Bruno, you know, is only gonna be out there in blowouts or somebody gets hurt. So unlike many NBA teams, our fives don't shoot threes. Mhmm. So we've got to figure out a way to get them involved and keep them involved without running pick and roll every time down the floor. So that's that's one of the things I think that's happening in that center spot. I also think getting rid of that that pick and roll every time scenario takes away some of the predictability, and and it it changes things up and But it allows for Johnson, Hunter, and these guys to get going, which is you're seeing now in the first four games. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale, basketball synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans the storylines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player matchup and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. Play the Rival Fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rotowire now and get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now before the 2023, 24 season gets any further along. Let's say that. It's time to step up the challenge on rival fantasy. See you in the arena. You are mister voice over. Well, I'll tell you, Bob. I'm not gonna lie. It's said before the season tips off, you see me adjust that on the fly and just go right into the a true pro right there. Any further okay. So we're almost done. I think we've we've hit the hawks pretty hard. We've hit the hardened trade. Let's look at tonight's games. There's only 3 games tonight. You're gonna be handing out candy. You're gonna have to you're gonna have to set the DVR. Who we got tonight? One of those games is Victor Wimbanyama and his Spurs against the Suns. Have you had a chance to sit down and watch Wimbanyama play yet? I have seen, one half, but I've seen a lot of the cut ups. I'm a tell you who he is. I'm a tell you who he is. But it remember now, the game is played differently than it was back then. But this guy reminds me of Ralph Sampson. If Ralph had been allowed to do what Victor is allowed to do today, you would have seen it 40 years ago with Ralph Sampson. What was Ralph? 7 2? 7 3? I thought it was 7. 7 4? 4. Okay. Maybe 7 2. I don't know. You know? But well over 7 feet, could shoot it from the outside, could put it on the floor, could block shots. I mean but it the game wasn't played like this. Ralph Sampson, ladies and gentlemen, was the 3 time Naismith College player of the year at Virginia. That's only happened one other time in history. Bill Walton, he comes to the pros. He's the rookie of the year with Houston. The 2nd year of the pros, he's the MVP of the all star game. His 3rd year in the pros, he takes Houston, upsets the Lakers, and goes to the NBA final. Then he falls, hits his back, the injuries start to take over, and and Ralph's career went like that. But coming up, when he was a kid, Harrisonburg, Virginia, going to UVA, that's what he was when you see Victor Wabenayama. You know, my Ralph Sampson history is is kind of extensive because I saw him play in Market Square Arena in a sweet 16, I think, a regional in, like, 80 I don't know what year that would have been 83, maybe. Yeah. My buddies year, maybe? Paul Petrada, Herb Petrada's dad took took me and Paul to see that. I don't even think I knew when I was watching, but I I I knew that he was taller than everybody else, and he was a freak. And then didn't the Pacers lose a coin toss and get Steve Stepanovich in the with the 2nd pick and Ralph went to Houston first? Yep. And if that stupid coin would have landed heads instead of tails, Ralph would have been a pacer through my whole childhood, which that would have been cool. Yep. And then Ralph Sampson was the guy, the first player I ever noticed when I was at a Pacer game, that threw his wristband into the crowd or gave his wristband to a kid, which sparked my mind to, like, oh my oh my lord. I need to get a wristband from a guy like Ralph Sampson. That started my whole, obsession with NBA basketball memorabilia and and meeting players and all that stuff. So I I love, I love the comparison, and I I love Ralph Sampson. Don't you think? Yeah. It's a good it's a good comparison. And like you're talking about, it's a totally different game back there. They're not gonna let a a guy as tall as Ralph Sampson stand up there and shoot threes. Right. Oh, they may may not have even had a 3 point line back then. Yeah. I that was right about the time it was coming in, wasn't it? Yeah. It was right around that. They had they they tried that short line, then moved it back. But, anyway, I mean, you know, you talk about the 3 just a quick aside, they talk about 3 point shooting. If it had been a thing back then like it is now, Larry Bird would have set every 3 point record out there. You imagine with his range? Are you kidding me? But it wasn't a thing. Curry Steph Curry takes as many 3 pointers in a month as Larry Bird took in an entire season. Right. And that's what they that's taken nothing away from Steph or Klay or any of those guys. No. But Larry, you look at Larry, he's he's only shooting, like, 2 a game. Right. It it it's it's wild because you think of him as, like, a 3 point champion in the in the contest and, you know, always hitting threes, but he hardly ever shot. Right. So, anyway, so Victor Wampanyama and the Spurs are gonna get blown out by the Suns tonight. Do you think the Suns are the best team in the west, or you think it's Denver? I do not. I think the Denver Nuggets are the best team. Again, the depth, which is, you know, a big thing in the regular season, not so much in the playoffs, but still you gotta have somebody. I'm I'm I wanna see a little bit more out of Phoenix. Twenty games, 20 game, remember. Yeah. But, I love Denver. I I think, this cat, Jokic, come on. Come on. I mean, it he's not even in shape, and he's funny. He's so funny. He's so cool. He just he just doesn't care. He is. And he said, what what's one man yama gotta do? He's gotta get fatter. Yeah. I love him. I don't know I don't know how anybody who loves this game would not do whatever they could do to go watch him play in person. You know, as you go as he goes around the NBA and he's close to you, go. Just go. And he's gonna play. He's there's no load management with this guy. Yeah. He's gonna play, and it is spectacular to watch him. He sees a different game than most of us. The other 2 games tonight are the Knicks and the Cavs and the Magic at the shorthanded Clippers. So that'll be interesting to see what happens there. I'm gonna pivot something I did not write down to talk about, but I'm I'm sure you have some thoughts on it. We have an in season tournament starting where a bunch of teams are gonna play, like, Fridays Tuesdays. Every game on the schedule is part of the tournament, gives an added edge to each one of those games. I think it it could create some some extra, activity. But how do you feel about the in season tournament? Are you a fan? Are you excited? Are you, like, this is different, and I don't know. Yeah. I I am excited to see it work. You know, if it doesn't work, then no. But I think if it does catch fire, sort of like the play in, you know, there was a lot of misgivings about the play in tournament, and now I think because we had was it the 1st year we had Lakers Warriors in a play in? Is that right? I I don't know. But we had we had Lakers Warriors in a play in. Yes. I believe we did. And and that, of course, captured everybody's imagination and sort of gave us a lift for what the play in could be. That, I think, now is here to stay, and it gives the the better clubs a a challenge to get in that top 6, which is good. But I'm interested to see how the the in season tournament works. I'm really interested to see what it's gonna do to the schedule. You know, we've we've played with these 30 teams, 15 and 15, sort of a balanced schedule. Okay? You're gonna play everybody in the west for us in the east. You're gonna play everybody in the west twice, home and away. And then in the east, you play everybody 4 times, 2 and 2, except for 4 teams. 2 teams you'll play once at home and twice on the road, and the other 2 you'll play twice at home and once on the road. And it's been that way for years, but that not so this year. If you'll notice, when we get to the 1st week of December, there are no games scheduled. Well, that's because these teams that make the in season tournament are gonna play quarterfinals. The 22 teams that don't make it are gonna have games rescheduled, and that's how we're gonna get to 81 and 82. And the championship game of the in season tournament will be an 83rd game that will not count in the regular season standings. But what's going to happen is the league is gonna take a look at this inventory of games. I is the last night, the 28th November, the last day of the in season tournament? That night, they've gotta sit down they gotta sit down and figure out, okay. Who's playing? Where are they playing? How are we gonna make this work? If you don't make it, you get one home game and one road game. To be determined. And they may say to the Hawks, say we don't make it, and they say, well, you know, sorry, guys, but to make this thing work, you gotta go to Portland. Really? You know, your home game is gonna be against, throw it out there, New York. So the Knicks are gonna come 3 times to Atlanta? That's that's kind of crazy. And the reason I bring this up is because when we get to the end of the year and we start figuring out tiebreakers for who's gonna make the top 6, who's gonna make the play in tournament, who's gonna get in, get out, This is gonna throw an entirely another wrinkle into this. But for the tournament itself, I mean, give it a shot. You know, they want people watching. The return, so far of the stars to playing regularly has been a bonanza for the league ratings. You know, generally, what's the old line? The season doesn't start till Christmas. Right? That's what you've heard. Well, they wanna change that, and this is a part of that change. Get the stars on the court, forget the stupid loan management, and get you guys out there, and have this tournament to spark interest in the middle of football season. You know, I'm really glad I asked you about the tournament because I in the past, at my old my old gig that ended a year ago, I was the schedule guy. I was in charge of the schedule grid. I I wrote all the schedule breakdown columns. I I was more dialed in to the NBA schedule than most human beings should be probably. But now that that has changed, and it's not my specialty anymore, I I really haven't paid any attention to the schedule, and I didn't realize that there was a whole week in December that we don't know the NBA schedule yet. So That's right. Not only is that a huge impact to actual NBA teams, especially if you get if you if they say, hey. You get to play this really good team at home, and you you also get to fly to the West Coast. So congratulations. It also is gonna impact, Fantasy a lot because, guys, you know, some of your guys are gonna get extra games that you don't know are coming, that week. So And check your check your league for that 83rd game because the 2 teams that play it, in Vegas for the in season championship, that will be an 83rd game that will not count in the standings. Will the stats count, you know, in your league? Yeah. I don't know. So you might wanna ask, whether or not the those because those teams there's only 2 teams that'll affect, but still, it'll be, some players that you may have on on one of your teams. Yeah. And and if the Nets happen to be in that tournament, that means an 83rd game for McHale Bridges once again because we know he's not we know he's not sitting out. Funny story. Last year, he is gets traded. He had missed a game since junior high school. Yep. And he is a nervous wreck because the trade hasn't been finalized, and he cannot suit up for Brooklyn. And he is in agony because he thinks his streak is gonna end. But then the league called and said, listen. Because of the way the schedules are, you're gonna end up playing 82 games. I think he ended up maybe playing 83. He played 83. Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna end up playing 83. Your streak is intact even though you're sitting this game out. And he was like, oh, thank god. Yeah. Well and that's the thing. McHale Bridges cares. Like, he cares about that streak, and he does not ever wanna miss a game. And if every NBA player had that mentality, we would have never heard of load management. And I tell you, it's changing because of guys like Bridges, because of guys like Anthony Edwards. They went to that sham of an all star game last year, and Anthony Edwards said, I'm not participating in this. I'm not playing this. Get somebody else. This is a joke and a travesty. And so what the league do? They're going old, sir. All that crap, the, you know, picking the players and all that nonsense. East, west, let's go. Now we're the pendulum is swinging back. The pendulum is swinging back. Alright. They're gonna yell at me if I don't wrap this up. So, Bob And I go yell at you. You're the man. Oh, you know, I get yelled at I'm I'm been married for 30 years. I get yelled at every day. Thank you so much for coming on. Yes, sir. I always learn a lot when you're here, and you're just you're the best. My favorite play by play guy in the league. So I feel the same way about you. I'm doctor a. That's Bob Rathman. Go find his house. Get a full size Snickers bar tonight. I won't buy. Go find him. Don't wear a don't wear a Joel Embiid jersey or you may be going you may get dog bit. Yep. We we we got lots of dogs here. So, no Ford Jerseys. I will see you all on Thursday with Rick Kamla right back here at 11 o'clock in the morning. Bob, have a great Halloween, buddy. You got it. And thanks to all the fans. We love you guys. Thank you. Bye bye.