Hey, everybody. Welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. It's Thursday, March 7th. I'm doctor a. That's Rick Kamla. It's officially injury season in the NBA, So let's dive right in. It's Rick Kamala. It is Steve Alexander, FSWA Hall of Famer. We're the OGs on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast, and we got you. And we're gonna have fun, and we're gonna have some laughs, but I am over it. The injuries in this league right now, we might spend the entire show talking about Kat, Braun, Wimby, Jalen Johnson, Evan Mobley, half of my freaking team in the Cam Dynasty. I'm trying to win a chip here. Last night was not a good night for me, doc. When I saw Jalen Johnson go down, I I needed a long minute, to process and and all of that. I'm not in a good way as we start the show here. So we're gonna offer the people a lot of advice, and we're gonna get into this. And we're gonna start with the gigantic news, out of Minnesota with Karl Anthony Towns. I mean, you I mean, this is this is 3 lightning bolts. This isn't one lightning bolt. Boom boom boom. This is like 3 lightning bolts right here. Sean Charadi reports he's been diagnosed with a torn meniscus in his left knee. He's out indefinitely. And he writes devastating injury and timing. What a monster year blah blah blah. Woje writes of ESPN, and he's always urinating on everybody else's reports. Okay? So this is what you get from Woje, and I'll dissect it for you. He writes, Wolves star Karl Anthony Towns has suffered a left meniscus injury, but it remains unclear about how much, if any, time he'll be required to miss. Towns and the team are working to get full understanding of degree of injury and whether it demands immediate action. Okay. So Shams beat him to the scoop, and this is what you get from Woad. We're gonna keep the door open to impossibly missing no time with a torn meniscus. Come on, bro. This isn't the playoffs with Joel Embiid against Atlanta. Okay? Where it's like it's the freaking playoffs. You you either play or you die. This is not that level for Minnesota. There's 20 games left in the regular season. But, I mean, doctor a, I mean, what are we doing here with with is Jaden McDaniels gonna spike? Is it is it Anthony Edwards' season? I mean, Karl Anthony Towns, I think he is going to miss some time here, dude. I don't think he's just gonna be able to play through a torn meniscus. This is the injury pro Karl Anthony Towns we're talking about. Yeah. I was just gonna say if it was a different player, you never know, but it's Cat. And it's tough. It's it sucks for Minnesota, man, and it and it sucks for his fantasy managers because things were going so well. Why can't Minnesota have anything nice? You know? But I I think McDaniels is gonna be better. He's gonna he's I mean, he's worth having. Anthony Edwards is gonna go crazy. That that's the bottom line. And thank God they have Rudy Gobert, and that Cat's not their only big man. You know? I think Kyle Anderson's a nice little scoop off of waivers, doc, if he's out there. I think I think Kyle Anderson's game is going to expand now. I'm trying to think. You know, Naz Reed, obviously, is, they might start Kyle Anderson and and keep Nas coming off behind the 4 and the 5. That that's gonna be an interesting decision for Chris Finch to make. But bottom line and I looked in the Cam Dynasty, and and Kyle Anderson was already on a team. It's a deep lead, guys. Fourteen teams with, 15 man roster plus IR, or IL. So, so, yeah, I I well, how do you see that going? Start Naz Reid or start, Kyle Anderson? I I don't know, man. I I know that people who have Naz Reed are very excited right now because he does well whenever Cat's out. I don't know if he's gonna start or not. I don't know that it really matters, but Naz Reed is the big winner out of this whole thing. I think Anthony Edwards is the biggest winner out of this whole thing. I I really do. I think I Ant Man may go 35 a game here, without Karl Anthony Towns. He may be going on an absolute rampage. You know, he had the recent incident where he was late to the tip-off, and, you know, so, you know, when you're when you're, like, late to work or I don't know. You didn't I I always, doc, pick up my game. After I screw up like that, I always, like, dig deeper and do more and, like, you know, work harder and just, I don't know, I put more into it, man. I try to right the wrong. But did did he really screw up though? Because he left the previous game at halftime to go see the birth of his kid, had a new new newborn, showed up for the next game played. You know, some guys have a kid. They'll take a week off. Nope. Not a amp. I hear you, dude. And I'm not mad at him leaving at halftime of I can't remember the game. I just watched it, like, 5 days ago. I think it was Saturday night. Can't remember who the hell they played. But, but, yeah, I'm just saying. I I think I think Ant Man is going to, go on a tear here down the stretch. And you think about the standings, doc, you think about, like you said, the Timberwolves fans just can't have nice things. This brings back Joe Smith to me. It brings back Stephen Curry to me. And, frankly, doc, this is one of the reasons actually, this is the reason why I'm no longer a Timberwolves fan. And I know a lot of people are gonna be bummed out about that, and it is what it is. I I'm not gonna lie to you and say, I'm still a Timberwolves fan. I'm not. I used to have pom poms and gear and all of that stuff. I had to get out. I had I mean, this is what you get. This is every year. Doc, it's right around the corner. It is waiting right around the corner for the Minnesota Timberwolves no matter how good things are. They've been number 1 in the West most of the year. This is their best season, doc, in 20 years. You gotta go back to 2004 when KG won MVP and they won the West in the regular season. They have gone to 3 playoffs since then, and they have won no playoff series since then. I mean, they're in it, dude. They're in it. How far do they fall? They will not fall below the Clippers, but I think they're gonna fall to 3. I think Denver and OKC will usurp them, but I, I don't see them falling below the Clippers. How about you? Clippers are only 2 and a half back, man. That's I guess it depends on how many games he's gonna miss, which we don't know. Oh, we and a half games on a team with 3 hall of famers on it is not that much. It's not that big of a lead. And it's I think it's well, it it's, we gotta put Russ in the hall of fame too. I think they have 3 and a half hall of famers. They got they're balling is what they're doing. They're 5 They're not balling. They're like they're like a 500 team over the last 12 games. They're not balling. Doesn't matter. They're counting. Your boy, James Harden, left his game. He left his game over all star weekend, man. He has not been the same guy since. Alright. So, Karl Anthony Towns is out. I I so you agree with me that Kyle Anderson's a pickup if he's out there on waivers. Right? Do you do you agree with me on that? Nazareed is way more of a pickup. Nazareed ain't gonna be on waivers, though. Right? What what's Nazareed's, roster percentage in Yahoo? I I mean, I don't even look because I just assume he's on everybody's team. He's certainly not available in any league I'm in. I mean, is Naz Reed still on waivers people? Help me out here. Am I in the am I if he's 59%, rostered, I'm gonna freak out. Naz Reed god bless. Type, dude. You're live on the air. Naz Reid oh my god. I almost nailed it. He's 62% roster, doc. Okay. You got me. He's the pickup. 38% of Yahoo leagues don't have Naz Reid on their team. What in the f is going on with that, dude? I don't know. It's always lower than you think it's gonna be. That is true. That is very true. Alright. Doc, let's move on to, some of the other injuries here. And I believe that this one is, like, kinda good news. Okay? With, LeBron James leaving the game last night, I mean, you hear that. You're like, how could that be good news? ESPN has a report that he'll he and he limped off, went into the locker room. They the look. The Lakers were getting destroyed by the Sacramento Kings. Okay? So there was a little bit of the pull the rope fat let go of the rope factor with this. James said after the game, and after getting examined, he said, I'll be alright. It's just my ankle. It's just what I've been dealing with before the all star break. After the break, I'm just managing it the best way I can. He said there's no specific play that caused it. He said, I played the whole 3rd, sat a little bit to start the 4th. When I got back in, it just kind of whatever. It's just something I've been dealing with. And a source familiar with the injury told ESPN, the ankle pain is being caused by wear and tear. Okay? And, with the sore and James said some games are better than others. I didn't feel it at all against OKC, and I didn't feel it at all until the Q4 tonight. So each game, each day is different. This reminds me of Kobe Bryant near the end of his career and listening to some of the quotes that he had about this. Some days he felt great. Some days he didn't. Okay? But but, doc, this is this is not MRI machine. This is not with a big breaking news thing. Right? This is, like, manageable. He might miss a game or 2. He might miss Friday's, showdown against the Bucks and Giannis, but, I don't like and trust me, I got Braun in the Cam Dynasty. Okay? I need this man. I am not I'm getting way more buzzkill vibes out of Jaylen Johnson, Evan Mobley right now than I am LeBron James. How about you? Yeah. I mean, the way he walked off, he wasn't really limping. He wasn't mad. I think he was just done. I think he was mad at the way the game went. And, I think he was mad that his ankle was hurting a little bit, but, I mean, this is this is the least of my worries out of all the guys we're gonna talk about today. So let's talk about another one, doc. Evan Mobley. And, this one this one is spiraling, in in a negative way. So So I'm watching the game the other night. The thrilling come from a high win over Boston, the Dean Wade of it all. And Dean Wade spiked for 20 in the 4th because Mobley got hurt towards the end of 3rd. It was a direct correlation. And he turned his left ankle, doc, coming down from a dunk. Alright? I mean, you see that happen all the time. It didn't look that bad, but now we get Sean Sherani as saying he's likely to miss extended time. You know, last night, I was seeing Bottomline's report. He's gonna miss at least 1 week. You have Max Struss out indefinitely with a knee strain. You have Donovan Mitchell out indefinitely with a, with a knee issue of bone bruise, and he just had a PRP injection. And so, doc, let let's get to some pickups here, the ripple effects. Right? You got Dean Wade as a possible pickup. You have Isaac Okoro as a possible pickup. You have Sam Merrill who's o for 9 last night against the hawks. How, bro? How? The hawks. Not the Celtics and Drew Holiday, the freaking hawks. Okay. Who are you picking up out of that group? I do you trust any of them? I trust Acoro right now. Acoro has been nice, dude. He's been giving you threes, giving you, steez not steez. Steals and blocks. His scoring has spiked since the guys have been out. Like, I I like a coral right now. I really do. Jared Allen went off. Darius Garland's going to go off. Caris LeVert is going to be when he's healthy, Caris LeVert is one of those guys. He's like every other every other game guy now. Dean Wade had a huge game and, like, won the game for the cavalier 0 day, And then he kinda disappeared for a couple games after that. I I don't know, man. I don't really I don't love Meryl. I don't love Lavert. I don't love Wade. I guess Secura. I guess he's the guy. Process of elimination. Elimination. Here here's the thing with Dean Wade. So I've got Mobley in the Cam Dynasty. Right? And I'm on this, and I'm watching these games, and I I try to pick up guys, you know, the backup to a an important guy like that, right, when warranted. So Dean Wade's going off. I and I see him partying with Jason Kelsey and Travis Kelsey, and it's a whole Cleveland love fest. Right? And it was all awesome the other night. It really was. But I I I know Dwayne I know Dean Wade. K? Dean Wade is not that guy. Dean Wade is is a spike once and then have 3 dud games type of guy. He he has never been able to sustain a level of play in the NBA. Okay? So last night, this was the Dean Wade game. He placed 30 minutes. He had 7 points at halftime. Okay? And so you're thinking, oh, 14 points? Okay. That's a solid game worthy of a pickup. He ended with 9 points. He had 2 points the entire second half. My man played 30 minutes. Okay? Had 9 points, 4 rebounds, 1 3, nothing else. No dimes, no steals, no blocks. Okay? And he shot 3 of 8, which is 37 a half percent. That's the Dean Wade experience. I am telling you people right now, do not pick up Dean Wade. Okay? He he's a streamer to me, doc. He's a streamer. You got a 2 game night or a 3 grand game night, and you wanna pick up a dude that might give you 10 and 5, you know, because we're struggling and, you know, we're entering playoff time in 105. You know, doc, I tell people all the time, when you play that pickup game 7 days a week, okay, and you've always got that one spot, you're making sure you've got it filled, okay, let's say Wade gives you 10 and 5. And let's say there's probably 4 nights a week you've got your roster's full because there's a 1000000 games. Right? Okay. The other 3 nights when there's not a total game. Well, let's let's times 10 and 5 by 3. Now you're talking 30 more points to your total, 15 more rebounds to your total. You might win the week by 1 rebound. Right? That's why you keep making these pickups, and these streamers are so important. But I got Dean Witt as a streamer right now. Nothing more, nothing less. Yeah. I'm with you. I got fired up about him after that 5 three pointers at the end of the game when he, you know, single handedly led the comeback, but, I didn't pick him up didn't pick him up anywhere permanently. And, honestly, there's other guys on Waver Wires I'm looking at than necessarily these cavaliers because, I think, all these guys are hit or miss on most nights. So it is the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast, Rick Kamla and Steve Alexander, hall of famer and AKA doctor Ray. You know, there's a somber sort of tilt to the show today. I mean, it's just injuries galore in the NBA, and it absolutely sucks. But it is what it is, man. We're real, and this is how we're feeling right now, and this is what you get. Doc, tell me what how you're feeling about Victor Wembanyama right now. He's been ruled out of tonight's game against Sacramento with a sprained right ankle that he rolled the other night, when they were playing Houston. He came into the Houston game very questionable with a shoulder injury, which I saw in the San Antonio broadcast. It wasn't like some made up, you know, whatever. He took a shot, a body to body with, I believe, a pacer. I can't remember too many games. Oh, but my my man's banged up right now, doc. So how are you feeling about Wembley? Is it DEFCON 1, DEFCON 5? Are we not even at a DEFCON right now? Well, all I know is he has to play 9 more games to be eligible to win rookie of the year. And he's going to play those 9 games because he has ended the rookie of the year contest over the last 3 weeks. Yeah. I believe he has too, man. I don't I don't think he's as banged up as they think he's gonna as they're leading us to believe he is. I think they're just setting us up to, you know, have him play in half the rest of their games. And when the rookie of the of the year, rookie of the year is over, it's done. As long as he plays those 9 games, it's his. And, but I I've got him on every roster, and it's excruciating. Almost as excruciating as it is to listen to my voice right now. Doc, you're fine. We love you, man. So I I don't think Wenbin's gonna miss much time. And, Doc, I have a a little theory on Victor Wembanyama. I love this young man. Victor Wembanyama is an alpha. Victor Wembanyama is a dog. I don't know if you guys have have detected the dog in him yet, but I have. He's got dog in him. He's got alpha in him. He badly, badly, badly wants to win basketball games. And, doc, I believe that you know, who's the most important player, and really person in the entire Spurs organization? It's Victor Wembanyama. What do we know about the NBA? The star player usually gets what they want. If they want to tell the medical team that they're playing that night, a lot of times they get their way. Okay? He's a rookie. Has he got enough pelts on the wall for that? He's Victor Wembanyama. Okay? And he's in a small market, and San Antonio, to me, is always playing the game of keeping him there and keeping him happy. So, doc, I I believe that Victor Wenminyama is not gonna wanna shut down and not gonna wanna go back to a minutes restriction and not wanna go back to no back to backs, and he's gonna tell the medical team, f you. I'm playing. And I he's not gonna tell the medical team that, but that that's the vibe. Right? I I don't know. Talk to me about those intangibles with Victor and how you see them maybe, leading to him play more ball here down the stretch. I I don't know, man. I I kinda feel like they've seen what they wanted to see. They've got their ideas for next year. We gotta get him through 9 or 10 more games. Let him wrap up this rookie of the year award, and then the rest of it is just gravy. Now if he's if he's gonna fight them and fight them to play every night, then I could be wrong. And maybe I'm just less optimistic because I need Wenminyama out there every night if I'm gonna win 30 deep and if I'm gonna win my rock and roll league. Like, I need him to play. Him sitting out tonight, no for my squad. So I'm hoping he misses this game, and and then he's good to go. But, I am I am concerned. Well, I mean, this is where it is, man. We're gonna get to some other pickups here in a minute, but, it's buzzkillville. I mean, it's just like it's like I don't know. I I I don't wanna use a a a war sort of analogy or euphemism, but, it's like we're losing dudes here, man, and it ain't cool at all. Speaking of that, doc, and, I I'm going to, try to be as unemotional as I can as we talk about Jaylen Johnson and his injury, that he suffered last night. So for me, doc, I mean, check it out. Back to back nights in the Cam dynasty, Evan Mobley and Jaylen Johnson. Okay? And my wife is like, are you okay? I'm like, I'm not. I'm actually not okay. I I needed a long minute, and I I don't even know if I ever really recovered from that. But, not like I'm you know? But it just it's really, really bad right now. Okay? And Jalen Johnson's been balling all year, especially now without Trae Young. I mean, the Hawks are so screwed, but then you look at them, and it's them in Brooklyn for the last play in tournament spot. I they're going to get cooked in that first play in tour. I don't care who they play. Either of those teams is gonna get cooked. So, doc, take it from there, man. What what do you make of the Jalen Johnson injury? Who are you scooping up? Talk to me. I hated the way it looked on TV. I hated the way he reacted to it. I hated watching him try to walk off the court. It feels like I mean, it's it's gotta be at least 3 games. He's probably on crutches today. It means Sadik Bey and Deandre Hunter are going to both go off for the next week or 2. I would say this is in the Cam Thomas realm. Cam has missed 6 games for the Nets, and I think Jalen's gonna miss 3 to 6 for the hawks. Will they still be a playoff, hopeful when this is all said and done? I don't think so. They are, it they will be, though. They're they're still, they're 3 they're 3 games up on Brooklyn right now. And, Brooklyn, by the way, is not gonna tank. They don't have their draft pick. Okay? So Brooklyn's not gonna tank. They're gonna continue to put their best out on the floor as best they can. Obviously, they're very ravaged with injuries right now. Ben Simmons is out for the year. I'm getting retirement vibes now on Ben Simmons. He's got 1 year on his contract after this. I don't see anybody in the NBA getting into him in the summer of 2025. Maybe one team says, screw it, veteran minimum contract. Let's just see if there's anything left of Ben Simmons, but that's gonna be the the landscape for him. The back injury just will not let him play. Doc, I am, streaming tonight in the cam dynasty, Lonnie Walker the 4th. Can I interest you in Lonnie Walker the 4th as at least a streamer? Does he have your attention? The last game he played 30 minutes, I believe he scored 19. He had a steal or 2, had, like, 4 threes, and, he's a a a 40 plus percent shooter from 3 point range this year. Jopfon, for some reason, hated him and never played him. You know, Jopfon's rotation sucked. I think we've documented this. But, but I I'm streaming Lonnie Walker tonight. I like that he's SF eligible as a in addition to SG as well. And, if he plays well tonight, I may keep him for a minute here. How are you feeling about Lonnie Walker? I feel like you're gonna love him 1 minute and not love him the next. It's it's a very roller coaster y ride with Lonnie Walker. So You ain't lying. You ain't lying, bro. And then when Cam comes back, which is hopefully soon because I need him. He's in my freaking weekly lineup all week. He's missed 3 games out of 5 already. No. I think taking a 1 night flyer on Lonnie Walker, and if it works out, you keep him and then if it doesn't, you throw him back. It's worth a shot. I mean, Dennis Schroeder has been nice. Dennis Smith junior is interesting. Ben Simmons has done the least surprising and least buzz kill buzz kill the injury of all time, Ben Simmons. You know, the one guy that's actually following the NBA script is Ben Simmons. But What what do you mean by that? What's the NBA script? That he was supposed to be hurt and not play all year. There you go. That's it. That's what he does. You know, he his whole goal in life was to be the the number one pick in the NBA draft and and sign a big contract and have a great rookie season. And other than that, I don't think he had any goals. It is what it is, man. It's just it's sad. Yeah. I, Yeah. Let's see what Lonnie Walker does tonight. I might throw him in a FanDuel lineup, see what happens. I'm just saying. I got a little tickle. I got a little tickle on, I I was looking at him and Malachi Branham, of San Antonio tonight as a possible streamer, and Branham's been playing pretty well. But Branham's not a 3 point shooter, and I'm, I think I'm up 2 threes in my game this week. And, so I wanna puff that stat up a little bit if I can. Branham's a slasher. He is not a 3 point shooter. He's becoming more of a shooter, but he's not there yet. I think he's gone 1920 in their last two games. You will have no Wendy tonight. Right? And so maybe, maybe Brandon will be unleashed, but he came off the bench in the last game. And I I don't I just don't trust it, I guess, in terms of minutes. And, you know, if he, you know, goes, 2 for his first 6, you know, well, then that will pop you know, push some other buttons and put West out there or something like that. I just, I trust him over Lonnie Walker because the Nets are just stripped bare right now. No Simmons, no Cam Johnson, and, and and I I think, I think Lonnie Walker is finally greenlit for some serious playing time. Doc What about what about Zach, Collins tonight with Nwimby, and what about Olynyk with Purdle done for the year? Well okay. So you hit a nerve with Olynyk. I love Kelly O. Absolutely love him. He had a really big game the other night. 2 blocks, 2 steals, I think some threes as well, and a really fat stat line, kinda like you put up a couple years ago in the silly season with Houston, before he moved on. This is silly season. Jaka Pirtle's probably done for the year. He's got a fracture of some measure, docs. I don't think he's coming back. I'm way more geeked on Kelly O. Who was the other guy you brought up right there? Collins. Zach. I do like I do like Collins as a streamer tonight, but but Kelly O's the get. Yeah. I think Kelly owes a pickup. I think Kelly owes more than a streamer, doc. I I think he's a guy that is gonna be No. You should pick him up. I don't know about league winner, okay, but maybe. You know, we we throw league winner around, you know, you know, Raheem Mostert was a league winner. He was last year at football for sure. But, but Kelly O, doc, I don't know about league winner, but I he's gonna be really good down the stretch, I think. He's Canadian. He's back in Canada. The team sucks. He's gonna play it. They just gave him money too, doc. They just gave him a 2 year extension. The money finds the Yeah. I I think he's a good pickup. Where are we at on your on your schedule here? I'm I'm lost. So yeah. No. Don't don't worry about it, man. Toronto's at Phoenix tonight. So so Kelleo is a good streamer or pickup, and, and Zach Collins, I mean, it's Sac. Sac sucks defensively. Okay? So that's a good streamer right there. I know you wanna talk about Deandre Ayton, doc. So give me your thoughts on DA out there in Portland, here on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast with Rick Campbell and Steve Alexander. What do you gotta say about DA? I mean, I just I just don't know what to say about him. Are we witnessing him being shut down as he comes back to play? Yes. No. No. No. Jaren Jackson junior showed up last night, had a terrific line. We haven't seen Ayton in 4 games. He's got a hand wrist thing. It sounds like they want him to play through it. I don't know if he wants to play through it, but I do know your guy, Duop Reath, who you were tweeting about, 5 or 6 days ago looks really good. Duop, I did some investigation at Duop Reath, and, it's not, you know, he's a big man. Okay. He's gonna give you some blocks. No. He's a good 3 point shooter, guys. He's giving you the threes and the d. Portland is right now 5th in the lottery standings doc at 17 and 44. They have a chance to get below Charlotte, although, unlikely. Portland the last 2 years has shut down their guys. That was with Damian Lillard. One of those years they had a chance to make the play in tournament if they went for it. They decided to pull the plug. They've already pulled the plug on this year. Shaden Sharp is out. Scoot Henderson is out. Malcolm Brogdon is out. I was actually surprised to see Jeremy Grant back out there for Portland last night. They're playing all these young guys, and so I don't think hi, Lola Koy. How you doing? So, I I and, doc, here's the thing with Deandre Ayton. Deandre Ayton doesn't have a motor. He doesn't have a a fluctuating motor. He doesn't have a motor. Okay? So he is going to have the opportunity to chill and beg money without playing? He is all about that life, dude. He ain't trying to go out there and, oh, I don't wanna turn an ankle on this horse bleep Portland team. I I think we've seen the last of Deandre Ayton this year, doc, which pivots us to Duwop, Ryf, a, a Jumaane Kamara, and a, possibly, a a Jabari Walker. I think we all like Reece right now, but do either do do those other two guys interest you right now? And do you agree with me and my theory here, that yeah. I I think we've seen the last of Deandre Ayton this year. Wow. I think Ayton's gonna play. I think Ayton's gonna come back in blood. But, you know, I wrote in my mailbag column last night or today, actually. It should be up today on rotor wire. You know, if you need to cut Deandre Ayton to get into your Fantasy playoffs, then you do it. It's the it's the time of the year where hard decisions need to be made, and you gotta do what you gotta do to get in. And the guy last night was riding, he's like, man, I don't wanna cut Deandre Ayton, but I might have to if I'm gonna make my playoffs. And if if that's how you're gonna have a shot to get in the playoffs, that's what you gotta do. I do like DuPont Reath as a pickup right now. He's been playing very well ever since you tweeted about him. I think Scoot's done. I think Malcolm Brogdon's done. I think Ayton is gonna play a few games here and there, but he's I I don't it's not gonna take much for a full on Deandre Ayton shutdown to happen. I'm surprised Jeremy Grant's still kicking a little bit. I think Simons is good to go, and I think this, Delano Banton kid is gonna be interesting to watch down the stretch. I think he's one of those deep sleepers that can make noise. Latisse Stibel, very interesting. Jabari Walker, like you said, Tomani Kumar, if he's healthy. But Portland's just a mess, man. What what a mess. There's nobody there that I'm like, oh my gosh. I have to have that player on my team, except maybe Anthony Summers. And I I think I think they're gonna manufacture an injury and shut down Simons as well, which they have done, at least one, I think both of the last 2 years. Delano Banton, I have my eye on him, doc. Over the last, 4 games, stat lines, you've gone 19, 7, and 3 with 3 threes and and 3 stocks, 10, 3, 10 and 3 with 1 stock. Then the last two games, 18, 7, and 4 with a 3, and last night against Oklahoma City, 13, 5, and 5 with 2 threes and a block. Like, we're getting there. You know what I mean? These aren't, oh, I gotta get me into those numbers, but they're they're pretty good. And, and Banton's big, and I I've heard Sean c Billups talk about him, and he likes him. And the minutes over those last 4 games have gone 20, 13, 33, and 29. And, and so, you know, those last two games, pretty good footing in the rotation there in Portland. I I think if if you're in a gigantically deep league and Banton's on waivers, you have to pick them up right now. Like, a 30 deep or a 20 team league, you should definitely be on a squad. Maybe even in a 16 team league, he should be on a squad. Doc, you're asking the question right here. When we gonna see LaMelo Ball? Next year, doctor a, is when we're going to see the myth, aka LaMelo Ball. I'm over the ball, brothers. Doc, I'm over it. Lonzo's probably done, and LaMelo, he just he strikes me as a lifestyle guy. Like, he's good. Like, what what do you I mean, I I heard Steve Clifford about a week ago say, you know, he's still doing the same stuff that he was doing 2 weeks ago, so there's no, like, acceleration of getting him back. There's no, like, oh, he's checking this box and checking this box and clearing that hurdle and clearing that hurdle. It sounds like he's, like, just stuck in rehab mode and perfectly okay with that. And so I I question love of the game with LaMelo Ball. I question Moder with this guy. And I know he's been off injured, but my god. Like, at some point, you gotta come back and play. Right? Right? Are you saying that LaMelo might be, like, a guy that would let something like some snowfall on the ground, keep him away from playing in an NBA game? That's what I'm saying. What I'm saying is the snow was coming. A garden variety, thigh bruise would probably keep LaMelo Ball out. You know, something that any player of any substance at all would play through. Right? I I got a thigh bruise. I can play through that. Right? Rub some dirt on it. It's a thigh bruise. Okay? My man would sit out with a thigh bruise. I hate it when guys sit out with thigh bruises, man. That drives me absolutely crazy. Well, I hate it when, Deandre Ayton misses games because it snowed. Whatever. Like like, I I have tried to trade for LaMelo Ball off of your team in the Cam Dynasty. Right, doc? And I've thrown you some offers. They probably sucked. I don't remember what it was. I don't want them right now. You have them. I don't want them, though, both. I don't want them either. I don't want them. These guys are bummed. He's hurt all the time. Talk to me about Alpi, Shangoon, and Wenby the other night. And Shangoon, detonated detonated again last night, doc. Talk to me about your boy, Alpi. Well, he went through a slump in February. He was kinda, like he was on my one of my ESPN columns where I was talking about fallers, and he was not playing very well, and he was his stats were down. And, all of a sudden, man, March got here, and that dude turned into what is it? March comes in like a lion and out like a lamb. Is that what they say? I have no clue. Well, Sangoon is is crazy right now. So he had the 23, 19, and 14 triple double last night. In his 3 March games, he's at 31 points, 15 boards, 6 dimes, 3 steals. He has 2 double doubles and a triple double, and he has 3 March gains. My question is, how are we ranking Fantasy Centers for next year? Because Jokic has easily, without any thought process, been number 1 for 5 years. And then after that, you you've got guys that can fill in the blanks. But now you've got Wendy, you've got Chet. Sabonis has always kinda been number 2 behind Jokic in my mind the last couple years anyway. Oh, no. Joel Embiid, obviously. But, you got Sabonis. You got Embiid. But what do you do with Wendy and Chet and Shangoon? Because Shangoon, I think, has a chance to be just as good as Jokic has been next year. I like this conversation. Let let me just I'll challenge myself here, doc. I will spitball with you right here. I wrote down Jokic, Embiid, Davis, Anthony Davis, Wenby, Chet, Sabonis, Cat, Bam, and Alpi. Let let me just roll through here, for next year. Jokic is number 1. I'm sorry. He just is. Number 2 is Victor Wenbinayama, doctor a. Number 3, I would put Joel Embiid. Who would I take number 4 out of this group? Give me, give me Anthony Davis at number 4. At number 5, who am I taking out of this group? Defense is becoming an issue here, doc, as I juxtapose Alpi and Shangoon. Sabonis rather in Shangoon. I will still take Domas over Alpi, then I will take Alpi at number 6, then I will take Chet at number 7, I will take Kat at 8, and I will take Bam at 9. So I got Jokic, I got Wimby, I got Embiid, I got Anthony Davis. I got Sabonis at 5. 6 is Alpi. 7 is Chet. 8 is Cat. 9 is Bam. You got any problems with that? No. But I think Xinyuan's gonna be better than that in the end, and I think if I get the number one pick in my draft, I'm taking Wimby in all of them. Over Jokic? Yep. Wow. I'm Wow. I'm convinced. I'm convinced too. So he's at 20, 10, and 3 assists, and 3 blocks, and, like, 1 and a half, steals, and, like, 1 and a half threes. I mean, my god. The sexiness of this stat line, and it just keeps getting better. You know, next year, doc, we're probably looking at, like, 24, 12, 4a half, maybe 4 blocks. Damn. Maybe 2 steals. He's gaining on Jokic, dude. My man is gaining on Jokic. Dude, you know me with the, with the fantasy gold. You've talked me into Wembley, bro. You've talked me into Wembley. I'm looking at right now. I've got Jokic at 3 on this season, and, Victor is at 8 right now. And that is a rookie. That is his rookie season, S z n. Hey. Wow. My voice cleared up. I can talk to you, dude. That's nice. Come on, man. Come on, man. I'm taking my We've broken some ground here, dude. We've broken I I I like, this isn't something that I've thought about at all. Okay? We're in the here and now. We haven't gone to the playoffs yet. Doc's hit me with the next year vibe. Okay? Cool. Let's go down this road. Let's hit this rabbit hole. I mean, I can't believe I'm here right now saying somebody other than Jokic is gonna be the number one overall pick next year. Wow. We have gotten here we have gotten some I would take Wembley over Luca. I would take Wembley over SGA. I would take Wembley over, you know, LeBron and Durant and all those guys. I think the only player you can you don't possibly take Wimby over is Jokic, and I'm even taking Wimby over Jokic because I don't care. Jokic is at 2.2 stocks. Right? 1.2 steals, 0.9 blocks, somewhere right around that, that area. Right? Wembley is next year might be at 6 stocks per game. Doc, Wembley is going to be unfair. He is unfair. He is unfair right now. He's unfair right now, but, I mean, the numbers are only gonna get better. This guy's gonna be doing quad, doubles, like quad quadruple, triple doubles. I guess that's a completely stupid thing to say. A quadruple double. I think a quintuple double is possible with this guy. My god. My god. So on the fantasy, on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast, Rick Hamela and Steve Alexander, hall of famer, we have just broken ground here. Nikola Jokic will not slash should not be the number one overall pick in fantasy basketball next year. I can't believe I'm saying this right now, doc. Weird. Alright, doc. I wanna talk to you about a couple of other guys here, before we hit the, the comments and talk to the people out here. I have dropped Gigi Jackson in the Cam Dynasty. I'm over it. Mhmm. I'm over the Gigi Jackson thing, youngest player in the league. I know it's a dynasty league, but, you know, my I I've got a lot of guy I've got, you know I'm probably not gonna be able to keep him, based on what I've got on my roster right now. So he's kind of in that pickup mode, kind of in that, churn and burn little window that I've got on my team. But, doc, here's the here's the the cold, hard facts to the people. Gigi Jackson gives you about 11 points. He gives you about 3 rebounds. He gives you about 1 assist. He gives you no defense, gives you about 1.7 threes. Okay? And here's where it really hurts, his shooting percentages. Oh my god. Are they bad? He shoots in the thirties. You're getting a lot of 4 for 14, 3 for 10, 3 for 8, 1 of 9, blah blah blah. I'm out. And I think the guy's gonna be a nice player. He can really stroke it. He's got depth on his 3 ball. He's a little bit bouncy. I need to see more of that translate to the defensive end. Like, I got my eye on the young fella, doc, but I have sent that kid back to waivers. Well, you were the leader of the Gigi Jackson fan club. You were the one that have has analyzed his stroke, his shooting stroke. You have watched him grow up in you know, you you you've just talked a lot about Gigi Jackson. I knew it was gonna be a rough ride, dude. It's a roller coaster. And now that you've gotten rid of him, you watch. J triple j is gonna get shut down, and Gigi is gonna probably just be a monster. I I disagree, and I'm not worried about that at all because, Taylor Jenkins has Gigi Jackson in this lane, in this box. He doesn't start. He only plays, like, 22, 23, 24 minutes. And I I don't know and this is even when Jaren Jackson is out of the lineup. He still stays in that box. I don't know if he's gonna get out of that box. If he can here's the thing though, doc. Even if it goes up to 33 minutes and he starts, Gigi Jackson is still going to shoot 5 of 15 in most of these games. Right? And the offense is gonna suck because he's such a a young guy. Yeah. Cynthia Aldaman is who you want. And then one more guy, doc, I wanna talk about with you, Vasili Mitchevich. I wanna know if he has your attention here. I have picked him up in the CAM Dynasty because, I I think he's gonna be kinda nice here down the stretch. He was a rock star doc in Europe, before coming over here. Like, EuroLeague MVP level guy. Okay? Like, the guy over there. The guy can play. He's 30. K? So he's not some raw rook. This guy's a vet. Last 3 games, he has gone with the minutes. 283528. He's been starting next to Trey Mann. We already talked about LaMelo Ball. I don't think he's coming back, guys. And, the last 3 games, Mitchez has gone 13 points, 7 assists. My thing just changed on me. 13 points, 7 assists, 2 steals, 1, 3. The next game was 12, 2, and 6 with 2 steals and no threes, and the last game was 21, 5, and 4. 2 steals, 1 3, made 8 of 15. Doc, he is he is not going to greatly impact the 3 point line. He's gonna be between, I believe, 1 and 1 and a half threes down the stretch here. He's not gonna get up to 2. He's a really good steel guy, and I went through his numbers, his euro, his European numbers. He's a really good steel guy. So that that's a number that that I believe in. Okay? He's an awesome dime guy. So he's gonna be 7, 8, 9 dimes, maybe not 9. Like, 6, 7, 8 dimes a game, I think. He was a really good score over in Europe, so I I do believe in a 15 to 20, window for him to score. Maybe it's 13 to 18, but you get my point here. He's gonna be putting some points on the board. Decent rebounder about 3 a game, and a pretty good shooter overall. Like, he takes good shots. He's a driver, gets a lot of buckets at the hoop, instead of just settling for jumpers. So, does Vasili Mitic of Charlotte have your attention? Vasili Mitic. He did not, but he does now. He's on a nice little March run. 13, 12, 21 points, 2 steals a game, 6 assists, like you said. Not shooting very well from 3 so far. Not not shooting it great, from the field, but, man, they're giving him minutes, and there's nothing left to play for in Charlotte. You might as well let him play. I like it. They just traded for him, and he's on a contract that goes beyond this year. And Steve Clifford is a veteran coach, and he likes veteran players. He's been playing your boy, Davos Bertans, dude, because he's a vet, and he knows what he's doing out there. So I think I think Micic is gonna continue to play for coach Cliff here. Doc, let's go to the streets. Let's talk to the people, man. My teams are being destroyed by injuries. It's sickening. The OGs, living legends. This is great. There's no questions. They just love us, Rick. It's it's it's great. Here we go. Jay Sizzle wants to know, is Cat a drop at this point? My Fantasy Playoffs start next week. I can't do it yet. I can't do it yet. I need more news. That whole woads piece of this thing, I need to I need to know if there's a real possibility that Cat is not gonna miss a game. It's just too early. I I need I need a little bit more detail on this. I I doc, let's do some math on this, dude. We have 5 weeks left in the regular season. 5 weeks. This is a meniscus. If he gets caught, even if he has the removal of the meniscus. Okay? And there's a big difference here. When you remove meniscus, it it doesn't grow back. Okay? And and it can lead to, like, dilapidation, and it can lead to bone on bone. Brandon Roy, ran out of meniscus and had to retire. But when you remove the meniscus, you get back on the court quicker. When you repair the meniscus, you get back on the court, a lot longer out. And so I don't know where they're at with this process right here. Obviously, they're one of the best teams in the league. There is going to be that urgency. But if you're Karl Anthony Towns, you're off injured, you know, do you wanna take the safer longevity route and do the long haul where you're done for the year? So I don't know, doc, but that's what I'm waiting on. Is it gonna be a surgery? If so, is it gonna be a removal or a repair? Yeah. I don't know. And I'm not I'm not dropping Karl Anthony Towns, until I find out more information. And it we should have more information. Today's what? Thursday? We should have more information by Friday, I would think. Because there there is a sense of urgency here. Like, we need to either get this done right now or we need to get him back on the court or we need to shut him down. So I think we're gonna have some sort of answer, coming. I wish it was somebody other than Karl Anthony Towns, though, because, you know, if whether he hasn't removed or repaired or just is gonna play through it, there are other players out there I have more faith in to show up and and do it every night. You know? It it sucks, man. It really, really sucks. Like, people that have, you know, future bets on the Timberwolves and this kind of thing, you know, that that ticket's that ticket's dead. I mean, they winning the West, going to the finals, all this, it it's dead. It it ain't gonna happen now. Unless Cap plays through this, and I I guess that's possible. Go ahead, doc. Paul said, today is my league's trade deadline. I really need you guys. Thoughts? I was offered Jamal Murray and Kelly O'Olenec for my Anthony Simons and Keontae George. Should I take it? Paul, I need to know if this is a dynasty league or if this is just a regular redraft league. I bet it's redraft. Then I'm doing it Then I'm doing it. I'd rather have Jamal Murray and Kelly Yo down the stretch than Simons and Keontay, and it's not even close. It's not even close. I like Keontay a lot the rest of the way. These 2 illness games have killed me. I had to cut him, and I'm not happy about it. Like you said, Portland shuts guys down, so I'm a little worried about sim Simons. The Nuggets are no longer the kings of the west, and they they have to fight for everything they get now. So I think Murray's gonna be out there. I think Oglenik is gonna be a good play. In Toronto, I like that side of this deal as well. Take it. This is this is a layup to me. If it's a redraft, this is a layup. If it's a dynasty league, I may not do it. But in a redraft, it's a layup. Take it and run. Aditha wants to know who you like, Gafford or Paul Reed? And why doesn't Dallas use Gafford properly? It's driving me nuts. Well, doc, why did Jason Kidd start Dwight Powell over Christian Wood last year? Tell me. Talk to me. I don't know. K? Because Jason Kidd's rotation sucked. That's why. Dude, I I get it. You you tanked to get Derek Lively. Derek Lively is a bouncy young big drawing comparisons to Tyson Chandler. I understand all of this. I understand that Luca pardon me. Luca lobbing to Derek Lively has happened more than any other lob combo in the league. I understand all of this. Okay? But who is a better basketball player right now, doctor a? Daniel Gafford or Derek Lively? Daniel Gafford. It's not close. Gafford should be playing to me 28 minutes, and Lively should be playing 20 minutes, and that's how you do it. The old Tibbs thing. Right? Where Robinson and Hartenstein, and you just they just get the 48, and they don't play anywhere else, and that's what you get. That's what I would be doing if I were Dallas, but Jason Kidd's rotations have been mystifying for years now. I say Paul Reed. Based on that, I say Paul Reed. I and I don't see Kidd changing this and and giving us what we want. He never gives us what we want, and so I I would rather have Paul Reed than Daniel Gafford. If you watch Dallas play, Gafford's still really important to what they do in real life. And he he's he's contesting shots. He's getting hustle points. He's making plays. But he's not getting enough minutes to really make a huge fantasy impact. And I still don't trust B ball Paul, but I trust him I trust his rotation and his minutes more than I do gaffers. Jose says that Tyler Herro was dropped. Is he a pickup? Or guys like a Sarah Thompson, Bagley, or Middleton. I mean, I don't wanna mess with Middleton because he's hurt. I don't wanna mess with Tyler Herro because I don't know when we're gonna see him again. So I'm not picking up Tyler Herro right now. I want somebody who's healthy and somebody who's gonna play. And I have that list. I I think it's all Sarah Thompson. Man, this this is a tough one. I I agree with you, doc, but if you're in a position where you have maybe a d if you've got, like, a really small bench and your bench has to become starters and, you can't afford to miss man games, then the hero pickup is tough. If you are in a spot where you've got a deeper bench and you can stash some formats, it allows you to stash. Some formats, it's so condensed, it does not allow you to stash, especially if you're hustlers like me and doctor a and you wanna win every night and every week, you know, with with no exceptions. I mean, there's there's gotta be, you know, a mindset of destruction out here. You you've gotta wanna destroy who you're playing against, not just, oh, you know what? I'll get them next week. No. No. No. No. That ain't gonna work, man. And most of the people here, you guys are, the the fantasy savants like me. And, Doc, you all understand this. But if you have a deep, stashable bench, I would pick up Hero because I don't think he's gonna miss a ton of time here. He had a hyperextension of the knees, so that's always dicey here, doc, but Miami is in it. They're trying to stay out of the play in tournament right now. They're definitely not gonna shut down Tyler Hero, so I think he's gonna come back here at some point. I would scoop him up if the situation was right. Alright. We got one more, then we're out. Are you trading? What are you trading for Nazareed right now? I am. I I think if you can get Nazareed for a reasonable deal, you do it. But his value is obviously a lot higher today than it was yesterday's, so you're gonna be paying more than you maybe should be for. So it's kind of a slippery slope. Am I trading for Naz Reed? It depends on what I'm giving up. I mean, I'm not gonna give you, you know, like, a hotshot guard for Naz Reed. I'm not even sure that Naz Reed starts. I'm not. I I it will he play more? Will he score more? Probably. Yeah. But will he start and, like, really take off? You know, will he be the new starting for the Minnesota Timberwolves? I don't know. The Here's a better question. Here's a better question. Who is the pickup with Kat out? Naz Reed or Kai Anderson? Well, it's Naz Reed. But like I said, I if Naz Reed is on waivers in your league, that's a bad look for your league. But, yeah, I'd be going Naz and then Kyle, but I do think Kyle's a pickup. Yeah. I mean, I I would trade for Nasreen, but, you know, it's such an open ended question. It's impossible to answer. Like, what what exactly would I trade for Nasreen? I don't know. I'd have to think about that. Man, look into it. Get creative. Do something. Don't offer the the house and the car, though. You know what I'm saying? Because you don't know you can't assume that Nasr is gonna become a 20 and 10 guy all of a sudden. You can't assume that, man. He may linger around where he's at right now. Coaches are weird, man. Coaches don't like to change a whole lot, doc. So they may keep Nas in the lane that he's in and and put Kyle in that starting lineup. Let me look up something here real quick. Let me look up how many starts, KA has versus, Nas. And, because I got a point to make off of that. Kyle Anderson this year has started only 4 games. Okay. So maybe I'm wrong about this speculation. Let me look at how many games Naz Reed has started, and the Timberwolves have been really healthy this year. Naz has started zero games. So when they've had optionality, if Jaden Dan Jaden McDaniels is out or something like that, But, you know, he's a wing, not a big, so that that's not really a good comparison right there. So, I'm chasing my tail right now, and, all I know is I'd rather have Nas Reed. And I could see him going up by 2 or 3 points, doc, going up by a rebound or 2, but I don't think he's gonna just take off and go crazy here without Katt. I have a question for you. Where was this John Collins in Atlanta? Nah. I John Collins is off my radar, man. I I don't you sing me a song about John. Jay I know JC is your guy. Yeah. He's been he's been balling. He had 6 blocks the other night. They're shutting everybody down. No marketing, just like you said. And it's the John Collins show every night right now. And And I fear he will be next in the shutdown process. Oh, there you go. There you go. And it'll be a lot of, Luka Simanich and, your my boy, Yurtsaban. I do like Omer Yurtsaban. I do like that, dude. And, Sensibaugh with double doubles is gonna be a lot of those guys. I don't know what Utah's g league team is, but it's the Utah g league team right now, or it's about to be. Alright. Well, that does it, man. We are at the end. Tons of people watching today. That was cool. We will be back Thursday to do this again, and I'll be back Tuesday with a special guest. I don't know who it is yet. I will try to make sure it's a good one. We will see you all next time, Rick. Peace out. Rock on, y'all.