Welcome to a Wednesday morning live edition of the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Nick Whalen joined as always on Wednesdays by my guy Brandon Kravitz. Brandon, we will talk about your Orlando Magic later in the pod. We we haven't haven't done a deep dive on the Magic in a while, and they they deserve it, man. Still a, top 3 team in the Eastern Conference tied with Milwaukee right now at 16 and 7. We will discuss some of the fallout from last night's pretty small Tuesday night slate. Only 5 games, so not a whole lot to say. But, you know, we got some Dravon great news. We had the return of Bradley Beal. We'll play a little head to head. Who would you rather roster the rest of the way? And then, of course, later in the show, as we always do, we will take and answer as many live listener questions as we can. So put those in the chat. We're not ignoring them. We will get to all of them, later in the podcast. How are you doing, Brandon? It's been a week since we've chatted. Fun NFL weekend. Really fun football weekend coming up as well. But looking forward to chat some hoops with you. Yeah. For sure. I've I I have, like, one, I think one foot still in the madness of this sports schedule, and then the other foot is in the holidays. I've already had multiple get togethers. I actually had a Already? Already. Yes. So are you are you are you someone whose family does these, like, pre Christmas gatherings? So I I grew up in a Jewish family, so Hanukkah has is is already up and running. We're on to, night 7 tonight. So that get together has already happened. So we're are we at, like, the group play stage of Hanukkah? Yes. Whoever we're we're wrapping it up. Like, we're about to hit the final four. Things are getting pretty serious. My kid already has way too many presents. Good problem to have. Yep. And then my my wife's parents split when she was young, so she's got, you know, 2 sets of families that we so we're all so between 2 different holidays, 3 different sets of parents that we have to accommodate for, December is pretty well taken care of every year. So, yeah, I'm I've been all over the place, and I actually had a radio commitment this past Sunday, so I couldn't go to one of the get togethers. I had a Sunday with red zone by myself. No wife, no child. I didn't even know what to do with myself. I just started working on plumbing issues. Like, I'm not even a mechanic just so that I could feel better about the situation. Yeah. I mean, all all is good. Well, I I don't have a child. I do have a wife, but no child. So that is that is basically by Sunday every week is, you know, plop down. We got the 2 TVs going. We got the iPad going, you know, on some sort of random streaming website to to try to find the Jaguars game. I'm fighting through pop up ads every 5 seconds. Yeah. But, man, I I'd love nothing more, than a than a chill NFL Sunday. And, we got 4 of those coming up, you know, with no more teams on by. But, anyway, let's talk some hoops here. Suns beat the warriors last night, 119, 116. Golden state's got major issues, man. You know, watching this team, it just you almost feel bad for Stephen Curry. I mean, he is now really for I I guess, you know, they've had a couple down years, you know, over the last few since Durant left. You know, there was the one year where Curry got hurt and and everything kind of bottomed out, but you almost felt like, you know, with Curry missing so much time, that was kind of a wash. And obviously, you know, got them the number 2 overall pick, which, did not necessarily turn into a a foundational piece. But, I mean, really for the first time, I I feel like Curry is going through what what, like, LeBron has gone through a few times. So you think of that final year in Cleveland, you know, some of those early years in LA where you're watching and thinking, man. I mean, this guy still got it in his mid thirties. And, you know, the the players around him are kinda crumbling. You know, we're we're still waiting for Andrew Wiggins who went 1 of 7 in 15 minutes last night, to to come around. You know, Kevan Looney, his minutes have been all over the place. You know, Klay Thompson, 2 of 10 last night. You see, Steve Kerr kept Wiggins, kept Thompson, kept Looney on the bench last night when Golden State clawed its way back into the game. And, you know, really, it was Saric, Kuminga, Brandon Pogemski who had a huge game. We'll talk about him in a bit. Those were the guys that that kinda rallied Golden State and kept them in this game late. But, yeah, the warriors got big problems. They're 10 and 13. They they need to find a way to to add some more reliable depth or or or swing some sort of trade. I am of the belief that, you know, first of all, if you try to trade Andrew Wiggins right now, I mean, his his value is at the basement. I don't know what you could even get for for him. I don't think they wanna trade Klay. I think I think that would be a really, really tough decision, and I also don't really know what you could get for Klay at this point as well. You know, for a guy who's seeking a big contract, he would want that with another team. I think PR wise, that would be a disaster. And then, of course, Brandon, on top of all this, Draymond Green takes a a huge swing, and I don't know if he meant to hit Yousef Nurkic. I I if he didn't, I don't know what he was doing with that arm. What are we looking at for a suspension here? I mean, we're what? 2 weeks removed for him in coming back from his previous suspension for the Gobert WWE takedown? I mean, this is this is just as bad as that. And I think, you know, with everything compounded And, again, he deflects in the postgame press conferences. Well, you know, I didn't mean to do I didn't mean to swing my entire arm around and whack this guy in the head like a spitting Ric Flair chop. Like, what is he talking about? Well, it was so weird too because, like, you know, he he was acting as if they were tangled up. And, like, if you watch the play, it's like, you know, Nurkic is there, but it's not like he was, like, grabbing his arm or they were, like, you know, elbowing each other and going for a rebound. It's like this is a side, you know, sideline play. And I I thought Nurkic was just kinda be he was playing normal, you know, normal defense. He was right there. I got I don't I don't think Nurkic was doing anything. You know, maybe there were some previous plays where, you know, something had been building between those No. There's always something building, especially when you're playing on. I you know, normally in those situations, you can at least see, like, alright, I could see why this escalated. Like, that to me just kind of came out of nowhere. I think Nurkic was a shock as anybody. I mean, I think we're looking at 10 plus games for Draymond. I think this is a a, you know, message sender by the NBA, especially given what happened with Gobert. I mean, what is your expectation for what the suspension will ultimately be? I'm I'm hoping we find out today. Yeah. I do think Nurkic fouled him before Draymond. He he kinda grabbed his hip and turned him, so you could have called a foul on that. I mean, that's not a reason to turn around and smack someone in the head, but, you know, I guess we're getting technical here. But his last suspension was what? 5 games? Was that what it was? To be felt a little light. Honestly, I was pretty surprised he was 5 and This is the 19th ejection in his NBA career. I think they'll save the big one for 20. I think this is more like, 7 time achievement. 7 at the yeah. Exactly. You build up. It's like getting reward it's like getting rewards points. Like, you buy you buy 9 smoothies, you get the 10th one free. That feels like they're gonna wait. They they should unfurl a banner, at the Chase Center for the the 20th ejection for Draymond. Like, the the the eventual statue like, I I think there's gonna be a Curry, Klay, Draymond maybe combo statue outside. Like, you know, it should be it should be Curry hitting the shimmy, Klay hitting the 3, and then Draymond, like, you know Hitting someone. Somebody on the on the on the bottom. I think the Sabonis stomp would be the would be the statue. I kinda forgot about that one. Right? I mean, people were doing the the the Draymond retrospective last night on Twitter. I was like, oh, yeah. That was actually a pretty major one. Yeah. And that one gets lost to history because it was, like, somehow the least violent, of all of his recent offenses. And he denied that one too. I don't know if you maybe you you go with, punching Jordan Poole in practice. Yeah. That'd be cool. Yeah. If you if you could build an exact replica statue of, like, the TMZ footage, I'd be on board with that. I think 7 games 7 games feels about right for this. We'll see, man. I I I think I would not be surprised if this is double digits, you know, with with everything. You know? Because even on the last suspension, you know, Adam Silver said, you know, we we had to take his past history into account. I I I it's 7 enough. I mean, this this feels like a equally violent, if not more violent act than what he did to go bear, which is saying a lot. But, yeah, even if it's 7 games, I mean, that's that's a big deal for the warriors. Like, fantasy wise, Draymond, you know, he breaks barely inside the top 100. You know, the minutes have been kind of spotty. Obviously, his defensive production is down. He's not even giving you a block or a steal per game. But, you know, you're missing the rebounds. You're missing the assists. I I mean, I I think it's almost a bigger deal for the warriors in real life, though. I mean, they're they're sitting at 10 to 13 right now and really have not been able to string anything together. Like, they have not won consecutive games in well over a month. You have to go back to the 1st two days of November when they've won back to back games. You look at their schedule coming up. Clippers, nets, Portland, Boston, Washington, Portland, Denver, those would be their next 7. So if we're expecting a 7 game suspension, you know, the interesting thing is the 7th game of that list is Christmas day at Denver. Like, do do you think that's a consideration at all? Does the NBA want him back for for the big Christmas day showcase? I I I would think so. Having Draymond Green not on the floor doesn't help your product. No. I mean, I think we're at the point now. Golden State shouldn't even be a Christmas Christmas day showcase anymore, but, Steph Curry is that big of a star. Yeah. I'd be curious to see if they structure it that way. That would be the right amount of time. Did you already do the tally on how many games now is now between between now and then? What kind of suspension they'd be looking at. I think that he would come back for that. The NBA was marketing this time. There there there there there there there there you go. 7 games. So they'll be they'll be the 7th. So 6th game a 6 game suspension seems awkward. Maybe they just give him another 5 gamer. I think he'll be back by Christmas. Yeah. That would be my 10th gamer, but they allow him to play on Christmas, and then he suspended again after that. He gets, like, a work release for for Christmas day. But, yeah, I mean, it's it's it's just a bad situation for the warriors and, you know, Steve Kerr has kinda danced around this for the last couple of weeks. You know, he's been pelted with questions, you know, about, you know, what are you gonna do with Wiggins? What do you do with Klay? And I I I don't think there's a real answer. You can even see the frustration with Kerr last night where he's like, look. Yeah. I left those guys off the bench because they weren't helping us. I mean, it was it was the bench that that got us back into this game, and and he's not wrong about that. Right? I mean, it's Sarge, Kamminga. I mean, Chris Paul played really well last night. 15 and 11, with with 2 seals and 5 boards in 30 minutes. Bodoasti gave them some good minutes as well. But at the end of the day, I mean, this is a team that still wants to compete for a title, and and it's all well and good to get those contributions, but that's that's not gonna push you necessarily to the top of the west. Now on the other side of this game, no Kevin Durant for Phoenix. We're now 23 games in for the Suns. We are yet to see Durant, Booker, and Beal play together. That was the 4th appearance of the season for Bradley Beal. He was back. He missed the previous 12 games, missed a full month, and I thought it looked pretty decent. You know, something that stuck out to me in all 4 games that he's played this season. Like, he's he's working his way to the line. Like, the shooting has been a little up and down. Obviously, when you're missing so much time, you know, it's tough to reintegrate. But got to the line 7 times, 5 of 12 from the field, you know, hit his first 3 of the night, 16 points, 3 assists, 3 rebounds in 27 minutes. What are you doing with Beal, you know, in fantasy? If you're holding him anywhere, like, is is there is this somebody that you're really comfortable holding right now? It's like he's a tough player to trade. Right? I mean, I I don't think anybody anybody's gonna be buying until he at least stays healthy for a couple of weeks. And, you know, the back injury, it's just something that can always be retweeted. Right? I mean, we thought he was gonna be back a month ago, played 3 games, and he misses another month. It just I'm not saying this is gonna be a lost season. Like, I I think it can only really go up from here health wise for Beal, but you also gotta take into account you know, I think he forget because he was just playing in the the wasteland that is Washington these last couple years. I mean, he's missed big chunks of time in each of the last couple seasons. Absolutely. I I don't think we're out of the woods yet when it comes to, injury concerns with Bradley Beal or really any of these guys, given the fact that it it is hard to believe. When you said that, I thought, is that right? They haven't played a single game together. That is crazy. We still haven't seen that. And I think part of the reason he's getting to the line is also part of the reason why I don't really love him in fantasy. This isn't a guy that feels like he needs to jack up a bunch of shots in order, to help his team win. He can pick his spots. He can be much more patient and deliberate in his approach. That means that he'll be more comfortable just driving to the rack, take it to the rim, and and, maybe draw a foul and just help his team stay afloat offensively rather than be the offense because that's Devin Booker's job, and Bradley Beal shouldn't come in and try and take that. When you add Kevin Durant to the mix, I think you're gonna get an even more passive Bradley Beal, and he's never been an elite defender. So it's not like you're getting those stats, passing. I mean, that seems to be falling on the, falling in the basket of Devin Booker as well. He's a guy right now. Definitely don't wanna drop him. He's got way too much talent for that. And you're right. What are you gonna get for him in a trade? Unless you've got a Suns fan, in your league, I think it might be hold on Bradley Beal. Yeah. I mean, we're dealing with such a small sample size. And, again, you know, every game that he's played has been without either Booker or Durant. So it it's tough to even use that small sample and feel like you can extrapolate. You know, he he his assist numbers have been up the last couple years at Washington. You know, they were kinda lacking a a a true point guard in the post John Wall era. But I I don't know if that's really gonna carry over. Like you said, I think Booker is is point guard for this team, and we saw that last night. I mean, he's the guy that that I think they feel more comfortable in that role. And, obviously, with Durant's back, you know, he he becomes the number 1 or number 2. And, you know, I I think we're gonna see a lot of Bradley Beal, you know, kind of functioning as the Kevin Love, Chris Bosh, in this situation, if you will, which could still be really productive. You know? And I think he has a chance to to really up his 3 point volume. Like, that was something that quietly fell off the last couple of years in Washington. Like, he had that season where he put up over 30 a game back to back seasons, actually, 2019 and 2020. And, you know, those those years, he was hitting, you know, 2 and a half, 3, 3 pointers per game. But those last 2 years in Washington, you know, you you stick of Bradley Beal as this high volume knocked down 3 point shooter. I mean, he only took 4 and a half threes per game last season. And, you know, I I think that's the the one area where maybe he could improve. And it's not ideal because you you're kinda using him. You're maybe underutilizing his skill set, but, you know, at the same time, Bradley Beal is is way overqualified to to be standing in the corner hitting open 3. So I I think, you know, if you could get to, like, 6 attempts per game, you know, I I think that's a an area in category leagues where he could be a monster. Yeah. For sure. And and they're dealing with injuries right now too. Kogi left the game last night. You already seen Grayson. What what was that? We saw some Boal Boal in the first half. I mean, we we're not getting enough Boal Boal. I mean, if you really have a nice 5 minute appearance from him, with the no made shots. The RIP to the days of bowl bowl, the fantasy relevant basketball option, but Grayson Allen, he'll be out tonight as well. Oh, curious to see what they look like. 2nd night of a back to back going up against Durant's former squad, and Durant hasn't been ruled out as of the last time I checked. Yeah. By the time you listen to this recording, he will be, but, we could possibly see the debut of the trio tonight. Yeah. My guess is that, you know, you almost never see a player miss the front end of a back to back and then come back, on the second end. So my my guess is he does probably miss, but, you know, it's not a serious injury for KD. Like, more likely, excuse me, in my mind that we see that big 3 together on Friday at home against the New York Knicks. But at some point, it's gonna happen, hopefully. At some point, all 3 will play together, and we'll finally get to see a a fully formed version of this subs team. You know, again, not not a whole lot else to discuss from last night. We we saw a little bit of a post in season tournament hangover from the lakers who got off to a slow start against just an ultra depleted Dallas Mavericks team that is now, you know, 1, 2 straight without Kyrie, without Josh Green. You know, they're down Derek Jones who's actually been giving them a lot of good minutes of late. I mean, it was just a kind of a classic what you'd expect type of game from Luka Doncic. Right? 43 minutes gets you 33 points, 17 assists. Crazy. Only 4 turnovers, 3 of 10 from beyond the arc, 6 of 6 at the line. Grant Williams had a great game. I mean, Tim Hardaway coming back after missing, Monday night. 32 points off the bench for Hardaway. And and Dante Exum, out know what I was gonna say, we're not gonna spend 5 minutes on Dante Exhib. What do we do? We're spending at least 5 minutes on Dante Exhib. 7 of 9 from 3 last night. I mean, the lakers actually played pretty well. You know, LeBron and AD, I I think, had to exert themselves a little bit more than they expected last night. I mean, another just monster night for Anthony Davis who was clearly hampered and still gave you 37 and 11 with 2 blocks, 3398 for LeBron. Like, the lakers played well enough to win this game. They shot 40 or they shot 54% from the field. They had 15 threes. Dallas went 21 of 43 from beyond the arc. And, you know, the the exit thing is interesting. Like, if you're if you're in, like, a daily lineup league where you can make moves throughout the week, I I'd say pick them up. I mean, obviously, once once Kyrie is back, you know, once Josh Green is back, we'll we'll see what his role ends up being. But, you know, I think he's played well enough now that in deeper leagues, you at least have to consider it. I mean, it looks good. This is a guy that, we we thought we'd get a breakout from almost 10 years ago, and it didn't happen. Right. So he's, he's definitely been putting the work in to get better. But my favorite stat of the the line that Dante Exum gave us last night is that he he had he made 7 threes. On the season going into last night, he had 8 made threes. So he almost matched his season total in 1 single game. Probably not, but my point is doesn't sound all that sustainable, but, but it was cool to see. And and, like the, I I wish I could remember which coach I heard say this. If I've seen you do it once before, I know you can do it again. And so, yeah, maybe he's got that in his bag now. I mean, Exup is basically a career 30% shooter. And, you know, he he hasn't played in the NBA since 2020. And, you know, that was I don't even know if we we count that. He played, like, 6 games for the Cavs that year. So, I mean, it's obviously possible that he could improve. And, you know, he's been playing well overseas over the last couple of years. You know, maybe that's a little bit more tailored to where his game is at right now, but he's only 28. You know, it's not it's not inconceivable that that he could still be making improvements, but that's gonna be an interesting one to monitor. I mean, I think there are a lot of people out there who didn't even know Don Deix was in the NBA this year. Yeah. I think that would probably be accurate. But it it goes to show the Dallas Mavericks are deep this year. They're not reliant on when Kyrie misses time. By the way, weird look for Kyrie. He he gave the, he gave him the, the Deshaun Watson treatment. He was up in the suite last night. You gotta stay down with the team. You know? I know it's more comfortable upstairs. Yeah. Mark Cuban's sitting on the floor. He's the owner of the team. Like, what are you doing? Bad luck to Kyrie, but, yeah, they're not they're not as reliant on on the the non Luca stars as as you would think. Mark Cuban was wearing a Dallas Mavericks football jersey last night. It's like something that only Mark Cuban does. It it looked like one of those old school, like, FUBU jerseys that people used to wear in elementary school. I'm I'm sure those are those are popular in the Orlando area, as they were in the the general Green Bay area, like those FUBU, like, o seven. Oh, yeah. Where are you even getting Mavericks football jersey? Walmart. I don't know. Yeah. Mark Cuban does not dress like a guy that is worth 1,000,000,000 of dollars, and that's probably why he's worth 1,000,000,000. Yeah. That's why I dressed better than he does. Yeah. Kyrie, by the way, the the latest update that we got, was yesterday. He's still in a walking boot and no return timeline. You know, they in these situations, like, at Rotowire, like, we're not supposed to, you know, like, rule a player out. Like, technically, he's not ruled out for Thursday's game. Like, I don't I don't don't know if he's playing anytime soon, man. It's kind of a it's a weird injury. Right? A bruised heel, you know, which seems like a win based on how that injury looked. But I I I still think there's a chance that Kyrie, you know, misses a pretty significant chunk of time. Obviously, a guy who has a a pretty lengthy injury history, especially with with lower body injuries. So I I think there's gonna be a a lane here for Dante Exum to to be a streaming candidate for the next couple of weeks. Obviously, Hardaway, is probably gonna benefit most. I mean, Jaden Hardy is in that conversation, I think, in deeper leagues. Like, he looked great on on Monday. Came back down to Earth last night, just 1 of 7 from the field. I'm not not all that interested in him, but, you know, if you're in, like, a a 16 team league, I I think he's somebody to consider at least for the next week or 2. Yeah. And you mentioned Grant Williams. Really liked what I saw there. He's always been an efficient 3 point shooter, and it was good to see him get back on track. So that's another guy that, that I'm gonna be looking to take some shots at as well. Alright. Keep those, questions coming in the chat. We will hit those in a little bit. I know it's early. I know it's Wednesday morning. But if you got any questions for the rest of the week, any trade questions, lineups, ads, drops, throw those in the chat, guys, and we will get to those in the second half of the podcast. We are brought to you by Underdog Fantasy, and Underdog is the number one platform for NBA basketball as well as DFS player pickup contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new users get a first time deposit bonus up to a $100, and you also get a free 6 month subscription to our site, Rotowire. And all you gotta do is use the promo code rwnba. That's r w n b a. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today. Use that promo code rwnba and claim your free RotoWire subscription and that deposit bonus. And to be clear, I mean, that 6 month subscription, that gets you access to everything, not just our NBA tools, not just our our DFS optimizer. But if you're, you know, if you're in the the playoff hunt, in your fantasy football leagues, you know, if you're starting to do some fantasy baseball prep, even looking ahead, you know, to to the next fantasy football season, you know, that 6 that 6 month subscription unlocks everything at Rotowire. So go check that out. Again, the code is r w n b a. Alright, Brandon. I wanted to do kind of play some head to head. You know, who would you rather roster the rest of the way? And, you know, I'll throw some names at you. You could toss them at me, and we we will discuss. But I I want to start with you know, we get a lot of questions during these streams about, you know, what do you do with veteran guys, who are injury prone? You know, take Kawhi, Paul George, LeBron, Kevin Durant. In general, you know, I I'm kinda in favor of, like, ride it out a little bit longer. We're we're still only 20, 25 games in. Later in the season, you maybe start to worry. But do you do you have you know, of that group I just named, LeBron, KD, George, Kawhi's, is there somebody that you could possibly trust the most out of that group? You know, like, is there any is there any inclination to trade for one of those guys? Because you might be able to get them at a discount if you have a manager who's worried about that injury, you know, coming around the pipe. I, I'm not that worried about LeBron James. I know that he's older, but he's been the healthiest over the course of his career by a pretty significant margin over everybody else. He doesn't have nagging injuries. I worry more about LeBron being held back or really if you wanna word it properly, LeBron holding himself back so that he can be full go for the playoffs, but this guy really only knows one speed, and that's full throttle. We saw him go all in for the in season tournament. The in season tournament, this guy was playing like he was in the playoffs. LeBron's a competitor. I trust him much more than I trust anybody else. He's not as squirrelly as a Kawhi Leonard who will just miss time seemingly for no reason. And, you know, obviously, he's getting older. All these guys have their concerns, but I trust LeBron the most. Yeah. I I think you're right. And the injuries that LeBron has suffered the last few years have been, I think, fluky, you could say. Right? I mean, he's getting Yeah. He's, you know He has bad knees. Yeah. You got people diving into him, things like that. I mean, who was it? Was it Solomon Hill, I think, who who dove into him a couple a couple years ago? I mean, like you said, they're they're not nagging injuries. They're, you know, slipping on the floor and straining your groin type of stuff. And you'd like to think that, you know, maybe that injury luck comes around for LeBron, whereas, you know, all those other guys have had, you know, more chronic issues. If you're if you have the option to roster 1 of these 2 players the rest of the way, Julius Randle or Pascal Siakam? They are right next to each other in the season long rankings right now. I think I would go with Pascal Siakam. Julius Randle is so hot and cold, and you just never know when it's gonna go away. I think Pascal Siakam is still so important to the everyday grind of of what the Raptors wanna do. It just feels like they're very similar players to put those 2 head to head, you know, in terms of, the the numbers that they're putting up, the abilities that they have, and and their upside. But in terms of, I think for both, they both have incredible upside, in in their best nights are all star level. Mhmm. But the downside definitely points in the direction of Julius Randle. So I'll take the upside with the higher floor of Pascal Siakam. Yeah. I mean, obviously, they're very comparable players in a lot of ways. Same position. You know? Like like I said, they're they basically provided equal value on the year so far. I mean, you you do worry a little bit more about the field goal percentage with Randle, although Siakam has been just a disaster from 3, and and we'll see if that comes around at some point. You know, Randall had that terrible start. As many as Randall does. No. He doesn't. And and part of that is because he's just not making them. But, you know, Randall got off to that horrible start, and I I think that's still dragging down his numbers. You know, the first first nine games of the year, Randall was shooting 33% from the field, 25% from 3. Since then, so we're looking at a sample of 13 games, 52% from the field, 36% from 3. So maybe he settles somewhere in the middle, but, you know, if you isolate the last month, you know, Julius Randle has been he's been the better player. I I think he's a little bit more reliable counting stat wise. Like, his his down nights aren't as bad as Siakam's. Like, Siakam every now and then will just have a a disaster type of game. You know, 4 of 12 from the field, 3 rebounds, 3 assists. Whereas, at the very least, Randalls is giving you, you know, the counting stats every night. You're gonna have to live with a hit to the field goal percentage and the free throw percentage. But, I I I feel like he's a little bit more reliable in that regard. Oh, boy. We we got a frozen Brandon, or or he's taking his time, to to really take through this one. Alright. We'll get Brandon back in the stream momentarily. Let's see. We'll take a couple listener questions when we get Brandon back. David asks, alright. Thoughts on a Kobe white breakout. I I think the Kobe white breakout may already have happened, maybe in the process of happening. He's been a top fifty player over the last month, and I think it's entirely possible that Zach LaVine has perhaps played his final game in a Chicago Bulls uniform. I I I'm not saying he's not truly injured, but I I also think there might be little bit of, gamesmanship going on with the Chicago Bulls front office and and waiting for, you know, players to become trade eligible later this week, and and we'll see if anything becomes of that. But I I think it's almost a lock that Zach LaVine has moved at some point. You know, might not be until the trade deadline in February, but it's going to depend more than anything on what the bulls bring back in a potential LaVine trade. And we'll also see if they they move to Rosen. You know, maybe they try to move Vucevic as well. I think this pretty clearly is a a sticking ship and a team that needs a reset, but Kobe White's gonna be a big part of that. Right? I mean, this is a guy that that has a draft pedigree. Right? He's a top 10 pick in 2019, and I think they have a a reasonable investment in him. And, you know, bringing in LaVine, bringing in Derozan has kind of forced him to take a back seat these last couple of years. Last 11 games for Kobe White, which is really when that breakout began. 23.3 points, 4.6 rebounds, 4.9 assists, 51% from the field, 53% from 3 on over 9 attempts per game. That's the that that's gonna be the determining factor for Kobe White. Obviously, he's not gonna shoot, you know, 51, 53, 91 the rest of the season. How much does that 3 point percentage come down? You know, he's basically been acting as the co focal point of this offense, so I I I don't know that a whole lot will change there. But at some point, you know, he's probably gonna regress closer to 40% from 3, which is still totally fine. I mean, if you're if you're above 40% the rest of the way, you feel pretty good. I would not be looking to to offload Kobe White by any means. I I I I think if anything, you're gonna have people try to trade for him and, you know, make sure you get a good return. Like, I I I had an offer, Brandon, on Monday come through in a league where somebody tried to to offer me Kobe White for Jaren Jackson. Wow. I mean, that that's pretty strong. And Jaren Jackson coming off of, the hit season best game, but that like, that just goes to show. We were talking about Kobe White a couple of weeks ago on this show. Hopefully, you all, ran out and grabbed them. Zach LaVine doesn't look like he's ever gonna play for the Chicago Bulls. This Bulls team is operating so much better, so much more fluid offensively, sharing the basketball, but a better put playing that sort of Billy Donovan brand of of ball. So what did you end up doing with that offer? I declined it. You know, I I do think Jaren Jackson's best days are still ahead of him, and it was tough because, you know, Kobe White played a great game the other night. I mean, this was right after Kobe White went for 30 3 and 6 with 6 threes, you know, against, against Milwaukee. And, you know, Jared Jackson was coming off of that 42 point game. So it was kinda, you know, my peaking player for your peaking player, but I still I still like Jaren Jackson more rest of the season. You know, I I I wanna see what this team looks like with Jevon Morant and Marcus Smart back. I I think they'll be more competent. I I think in a roundabout way, it's actually gonna help Jaren Jackson more than it hurts him. Like, obviously, Morant coming back means less offensive responsibility for Jackson. But these last 20 plus games have also proven that Jaren Jackson's just he's just not a guy that could carry a team offensively, and I think he's gonna be a lot more efficient. Like, right now, it's like it's not like you drafted Jaren Jackson thinking, like, alright. You can lock in 25 points per game. It's like, the thing that's really killing you is the field goal percentage, and he's taking he's taking more shots than he needs to. You know, he's he's never been overly efficient as far as big men go, but he can't be shooting, like, 41% from the field. Like, that that's gonna be a killer. So I wanna see I wanna see how he's, you know, if he can kinda go back to being closer to a 50% guy from the field with Jabberrant, you know, taking more attempts around the rim, the raw scoring numbers are going to decrease. But I I I think we see him hopefully move back into the player that he was last season. And it's hard to say how the return of Jabberrant affects Jaren Jackson, the shot blocker. But But that's the other thing. Like, if you paid up for Jaren Jackson in a draft or in an auction, you're expecting at least 2 and a half blocks per game. And, you know, that's been the other thing that's really dragged down his value. He's had he's had some of those splash games, but, you know, he's he's not giving you a consistent 2, 3, 4 blocks every night. Yeah. And Ja Morant coming back is shouldn't do anything to, to help that. That seems like more of a Jaren Jackson issue, but offensively, it's the 2 man game that's missing. They need each other. They feed off of each other, and his offensive production is he's not a guy's I've seen way too much ISO Jaren Jackson junior. That's not his game. And, he he definitely we've learned that he needs Jaren or he needs Ja Morant in the lineup. I think he made the right call. It would have been over reactionary to make that sort of a a deal. But, man, Kobe Wright, what a what a find he has been. The fact that that's even a discussion is great. And I'm glad I'm back. I have no idea what happened to my computer, by the way. Not a clue. Alright. I just It's all good. You're back. Shut down. Yeah. Sometime you know, that'll happen every now and then. Just just couldn't handle the heat, of the Fantasy Basketball podcast. Keep those questions coming in the chat. We'll we'll get to those momentarily. Wanna throw a few more. You know, who would you rather have questions your way, Brandon? You know, I I've been looking to offload Damian Lillard in a league, and, you know, part of it is, you know, I I was just saying, like, a a rage situation after he went 2 of 16, the other night against Chicago. It's like, that's now 3 just horrible games. I guess 3 worst games of the year arguably have come against the bulls for whatever reason. You know, I I tried to trade him straight up for Donovan Mitchell. That, that trade request has not been answered yet in this league. I assume it'll be declined, but, you also gotta know your league, and I've tried to trade him to a a diehard bucks fan who I I thought would maybe value Lillard a little bit more highly. But, yeah, what what do you think of trying to to trade Dame for, you know, kind of do an elite guard swap? Like, I I don't know if you can get Trae Young right now. Probably not. You know, maybe in a 9 cat league where where you're a little bit more worried about the turnovers. But, you know, I'm I'm trying to float offers for, you know, Donovan Mitchell, for Trae Young. Yeah. You could even do a package deal for for 2 lesser guards. But but thoughts on Dame overall. Like, is this somebody that you feel is going to find his stride as the year goes along? Because he's he's been fine. Like, he's still been, like, easily a top 20 guy on the year. For the most part, everything's been good. Like, the free throws, especially super efficient, high volume, but we're not we're not seeing those, like, crazy peak nights from Dame anymore. Right? It's like we we haven't had one of those, like, Dame Lillard has 31 points in the second half type of games. Yeah. And we're seeing him score into the thirties, but you you don't and he doesn't need to be that guy anymore. They have Giannis. Giannis, is putting up monster numbers, because that's just what he does. So he's gonna defer to Giannis and try and and make sure that he remains the focal point in the offense. It's completely different, than what he's ever dealt with in the past even sharing the rock with CJ McCollum back in Portland. Right. I I think that what he has been is what he's gonna be. You just hope that he can be a little bit more consistent and and and avoid those pitfalls like you had against the Chicago Bulls where he went 3 of 17 from the field. I still like Damian Lillard a lot, and and I think that he's a guy that over the years we've been able to rely on what he brings to the table scoring. He just doesn't have the same level of upside, but you also have to keep in mind these guys have not played a lot of basketball together. We're not to Christmas yet. I still think he most likely is just gonna be what he is, but his best days with Milwaukee could still be in front of him. I would look at, like, would you rather have a Jalen Brunson, De'Aaron Fox? Like, I'd rather have those guys. I don't know if somebody's willing to make those willing to make that sort of a deal, but, I'd rather have those sort of ball dominant guards. Yeah. Dame versus Brunson is interesting. I think I would lean Dame there. Fox Fox would be a really interesting one. That that's an offer that I might have to float out there. What about Franz Wagner or Zion Williamson? They are also basically equal fantasy players, in 8 cat leagues over the last month. And, you know, this one maybe comes down to if you're in a category league, you know, where where are you willing to take the hit versus, you know, get some of the the increased production. But my guess is that you being in Orlando, you would lean France. But, you know, it it's hard it's hard to say that there's not more upside with Zion, but you're worried about the weight, you're worried about the potential injury, but, would would you chase the upside there or go with who I think is the safer option in Wagner? I yeah. I mean, obviously, I I'm gonna be a little slanted in my view because I watch this guy play every night, but Franz is one of the most consistent basketball players in the NBA, and I could say almost the exact opposite about Zion. You just never know what kind of player you're gonna get. It doesn't look like he's in shape. I know that's been a big talking point on the debate shows, but it's legitimate. I mean, the guy looks if you look at his side by side now compared to what he looked like in a Pelicans jersey a couple of years ago, the guys put on serious weight, and it's not the good kind. Like, you I think seeing him next to LeBron in the in season tournament semi was eye opening. This is not a guy that's fit, and I do worry about him staying on the court. Franz is an iron man type. If he misses time, it's gonna be only because of a significant injury and nothing else. The field goal percentage, I know was an issue a couple of weeks ago. It seems like he's rectified that, and, he's been back to his old self in terms of what he's doing around the rim. Mhmm. And and him and Paolo, they play a great game side by side. You never know. Like, one will shine one night, one will shine the other, but most of the time, they usually split for about a total of 50 to 55 points between the 2 of them. I would I would go with the safer option, but, of course, it's not gonna surprise anybody that's been listening. Alright. Let's hit some of these questions in the chat. Again, keep those coming, guys. We appreciate it. Makes the podcast a lot of fun for us. Hopefully, it gives you some actionable advice and, more than anything, you know, helps us talk about as many players as possible each episode. Paul asked, I'm trying to trade away players from potential tanking teams. I have Kuzma and Barkanin. Who can I target with packaging those 2 or even a one for 1 separately? This is a good question. We get this one a lot. You know, I I have a ton of Barkanin exposure. You know, as far as elite guys go, he might be my most roster this season, which is good, bad. When he's been out there, he's been fantastic. I mean, he's now missed, what, 7 or 8 games in a row. I I think the hope is that he's back at some point this week. You know, he practiced late last week, practiced over the weekend, and then still, it was ruled out the other night. So we'll see. We're early on enough that I don't think you have to panic on marketing, but I don't know if I want him on my roster after the trade deadline. You know, I I think, you know, those final 10 to 15 games of the year is when it could really hurt you as it did with plenty of jazz players last season. But even even in season, even even if we take the the shutdown aspect away from it, the jazz are one of those teams that feels like every other night, they're getting blown out. You know, they're down 30 going into the Q4, and, you know, you're losing 5 or 6 minutes per game for Markkanen because the game is so out of hand. So I I totally understand wanting to offload him. You know, who could you target then, Brandon? I mean, you would I I I I think he's still good enough that you don't have to take, like, a a massive discount on a return, but, you know, I think the idea is that you're targeting somebody who, obviously, you feel better about health wise and then, you know, from a team that's more competitive. And so if I'm understanding this question correctly, you're trying to package these 2 players in order to upgrade Yeah. Either package or or do 1 for 1 trades. Yeah. Yeah. I I think a couple of names that would come to mind. Like, Paul George, just missed time with an injury or, was just knocked up. Yeah. Got her last night. A guy like that, maybe there's a little bit of panic and injury concerns, so maybe you could pick up someone like that. Demontes Sabonis with 2 players of that caliber, you might even be able to swing a trade like that. Maybe a little pie in the sky. Maybe you've got a fantasy manager out there that's down on someone like Desmond Bane right now, and with Ja Morant coming around the corner, they might be looking and saying, you know, let me see if I can offload him. I don't think Desmond Bane is gonna be hurt all that much by the presence of Ja Morant. I think the rising tide will lift all boats when it comes to the grizzlies like we were talking about with Jaren Jackson junior. Those are a couple of the names that just pop into my head Yeah. Immediately. Yeah. I I think marketing is obviously the far more valuable of these 2, and, you know, it's tough to trade a player who's injured, but, you know, again, maybe you wait for him to come back for a game or 2, look good, and then, you know, you can do a little bit better in a return. But that's where I think you have to you have to target somebody that where there's a little bit of concern on the other end. That's the only way you're gonna do it. So with Bain, you've got the Morant factor looming. With Paul George, you've got an injury that's recent. We don't know the length of it. Maybe one of those Suns guys who, it I I don't mean that you I don't know if there's nothing Booker or KD. It's like I mean, Beal. Yeah. I just I I think that's taking on probably more risk than you're looking for. You know, some names that came to mind for me, even you could try, like, Alper and Shangoon. You know, he's having a great year, but, you know, still ranks a little bit lower than you think at Fantasy due to, you know, some of the deficiencies in his staff profile. You you know, like a Dejounte Murray type. You know, even Bam Adebayo, kind of a my injured guy for your injured guy. Right. Exactly. About him coming back. I think Desmond Bane's a good call. Yeah. Even James Harden, I I think there's still some, you know, some some kind of doubt as to how that situation is gonna work out, but he's he's been a great fantasy player, man. Had a good game last night. Quit James Harden. Dude, I'm looking to acquire James Harden. Like, wins and losses, team chemistry, that that is that's not a category in fantasy basketball. Right. Trade requests. Right. I mean, he said he had the hamstring issue a year or 2 ago, but other than that, he's been really healthy despite everybody questioning whether or not he's in shape. Like, he's the guy that I trust most of that big 3 in LA to stay healthy. So those are some names you could consider. You know, like, I think Sabonis, like you said, if you package those 2, maybe you could get him. Who knows? That that that's a decent one. I was gonna say McCall Bridges, probably not. You know, he he's like the ultimate safe option. Right? I mean, for one of them, that's that's our competitive. You know, they're they're gonna be in the mix for a playoff spot or a play in spot. He plays 80 games every year. So so that's somebody to consider. Obviously, you'd probably have to package those 2, in a deal. But, you know, Kuzma is kind of a meme at this point, but he's he's still relatively productive. Right? I mean, he's still Yeah. He is. He's been the most consistent player by far fantasy wise for the wizard. So I I I don't think you're in a bad spot here. You should be able to bring back some pretty decent value. Alright. What's Kat's value and bridges? Want a package for a player? So look, I I don't know which Bridges we're talking about. Could be Miles, could be Bacall. But either way, you're packaging one of those guys with Karl Anthony Towns, especially if it's Bacall Bridges. I mean, aim high here. I mean, this is this would be a pretty elite trade package. Yeah. For sure. When we're talking about, what, a top 30 player, in fantasy, and, and I love the way the wizards have been playing, and he's he's a really big part of that. So I don't I don't see don't see his production slipping off in any way. I I mean, I don't know that I'm trying to unload Karl Anthony Towns. I'm I'm not either. I mean, over the last month, you spend a a first round value in category leagues. So I wouldn't, you know, again, if you're if you're trading cat plus bridges, either bridges right now, I mean, to me, you gotta be getting back a top 10 guy. Right? I mean, cat Yeah. In and of himself is almost a top 10 player, and then you're adding big time value on top of it. So, I mean, to me, we're talking like Halliburton, you know, LGA, Jokic type of packages, guys that are almost impossible to trade for. Yep. Go for it, though. I mean, if you've if that's what you're trying to you're trying to make a move, but, yeah, definitely value your guys properly, and make sure that you're getting a fair return. Shoot for the moon, and, and if you get a rejection, then hang on to those guys because assuming that it's McHale Bridges and not Miles Bridges, that's quite the tandem to have on a fantasy roster. I mean, even if it's Miles Bridges, I I think there's a lot to like there too. I mean, you you worry about the the competitive aspect, I guess, with the Hornets, but that's still a player who I would be trying to acquire right now, especially not knowing when LaMelo's coming back. Alright. Jason says, hey. Question. Should I trade Donovan Mitchell for Devin Booker in a 9 category league on Yahoo? I don't know if you can really go wrong here. I I think both these guys are are really comparable. They've they've been very comparable throughout their careers, especially the last couple of years. If you're looking over the last month, Donovan Mitchell ranks just outside the top 20. Booker's about 6 spots higher. I, again, I don't I don't really feel strongly about this because we're yet to see, you know, the fully formed big three for Phoenix. And I do think, as we said earlier, like, Bradley Beal's gonna take the biggest hit when those 3 are healthy. I don't really think we see a huge drop off for Booker. But, you know, Donovan Mitchell is is the guy in Cleveland, and and that's not gonna change either. I I guess I would do it, but I I don't feel strongly. I think you're in a good spot either way. I I think Devin Booker's assist numbers could potentially go through the roof. I think he's a guy that could average over double digit assists when those guys all play together because he's gonna be the primary ball handler, and he's the most this might sound wild with, Kevin Durant on your team, but he's the most consistent scorer among the 3 of them too. So I I would rather have Devin Booker of the 2. But like you said, that's not me. I'm not I'm a big Donovan Mitchell guy, and he's one of my most rostered players. So I love Mitchell, but I'd still rather have Devin Booker. I think the other thing with Booker is he's the best health bet of those big 3. Right. Right? It's like, obviously, Durant to me is still the best player even at his age, but, if you're if you're talking about who are you most confident in, you know, playing 90% of the games the rest of the way, I would say Booker. Alright. Good question here from Dubforce. Asar Thompson, is his playing time picking back up again? This is a $1,000,000 question, man. I mean, we had 4 straight games where they brought Asar Thompson off the bench. He averaged 16 minutes per game in that span. Didn't play well. You know, he was 25% from the field. Didn't respond well. You know, wasn't it's still giving you rebounds. That was about the only thing, but, you know, only 2 assists, one total steal slash block in that span. And then all of a sudden, 2 nights ago, they move it back into the starting lineup, and he plays 33 minutes. That was his most minutes in any game since November 14th. 20 points, 6 rebounds, 2 assists, a steal, and a block. It was a kind of an ideal matchup fantasy wise against the Indiana Pacers. You know, Alex and I have kind of danced around this one. We've gotten a lot of ASR questions over the last couple of weeks, and we've you know, our answer has basically been try to hold him if you can. Like, I I I think he's a player that you're you would regret dropping. And if you did over the last couple of weeks, you might already be regretting it, but there's there's literally no way to predict what the pistons are doing here. I mean, no team has changed up their rotation, changed up their starting lineup on a whim more than Detroit has already this season. Like, they are clearly scratching and clawing for any answer trying to to try to end this losing streak. And, you know, I I think they had internally, like, real expectations for the season. Right? Like, there there are other bad teams. You know, Utah, Portland. I think they knew what they were getting themselves into this season, whereas I'm not saying Detroit thought they'd be good, but I think they thought they would be significantly better than they've been so far. I don't think they thought they'd be the worst team in the league. Right? So you have to factor that in to some degree. I I I again, I if if somebody dropped to star Thompson, I would go grab him. You know, I think it's a it's a great sign that it looks like that stay on the bench was only gonna be a week and a half. And, you know, Detroit has to accept their fate at this point. Right? Like, some some sort of crazy turnaround is not coming here. So what is the point of, you know, keeping your top five pick on the bench playing 17 minutes a night? Yeah. We don't see a lot of teams that go on a 20 game losing streak, make a deep run into the playoffs. So that's Pretty sure that's never happened. I, I I I think the, the fate has been sealed for this team, but I wouldn't be too worried about Asar Thompson. I'm with you. If he was on the waiver wire, he would zoom to the top of my list of guys I'm trying to add. His minutes are going to increase. Of course, they're trying to do different things. They've lost 20 games in a row. You have to think about the take yourself out of the fantasy mindset. Think like a coach. You would be switching lineups like crazy Mhmm. Trying to figure out how to get out of that situation. And Asar Thompson is, is a looks like he's gonna be a really good player in this league. He's already a fantasy asset when he gets the minutes, but he's a rookie. And when you're losing 20 straight games, you need experience out there to try and dig your way out of it. But that hasn't worked, and I think he's, yeah, we we're gonna see him as somebody who is a buy low candidate. He's a surefire pickup. If he's sitting there on the waiver wire, blocks, steals, he can score. He's smart with his shot selection. He's the kind of guy I want on my fantasy roster. His athleticism is through the roof, and he's one of the few players I feel really good about in Detroit right now. Skeeter asked, do you see Josh Hart getting a bump with Mitchell Robinson out? Interesting question. You know, not a one to 1 positional replacement. Obviously, that's Hartenstein who played 27 minutes on Monday, 11 points, 8 boards, 2 assists, 2 steals, and a block. Got a best case. You know, we'll we'll see how many minutes he ends up playing. Obviously, we we saw a stretch last season where, you know, you you kinda thought Hartstein would be in a a good position with Robinson out, and and Tibbs was still a little bit hesitant. But, yeah, the Josh Hart angle of this is interesting because, obviously, he's such a great rebounder for his size, and and Mitchell Robinson is a rebounding vacuum. I would I wouldn't say there's a significant bump here. You know? I mean, you have 3 very high usage players already in Barrett, Bronson, and Randall. So, you know, Josh Hart, like, really upping his his usage or doing more offensively without Robinson. I don't think that's really in the cards. But, you know, I I I think they'll distribute those minutes a little bit more differently. You know, they'll they'll play smaller. You know, you could use Randall at the 5. Maybe that means a little bit more for Josh Hart. I would say a marginal increase, but nothing super significant. Yeah. I don't think it changes that much. We actually saw Jericho Sims get the starting nod Yeah. With them switching up. Very Tibbs. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, a lot of these coaches, they like to keep their rotations the same, and and they try and not mix that up. I see it here in Orlando. It's the reason why Goga Bitazay has become, a fantasy name because they didn't wanna insert Moe Wagner into the starting lineup, and and disrupt the the, you know, they plaque they practice a certain way. They play a number of minutes together with certain guys on the floor at certain times and Yeah. Especially these, I guess it's not just the old school coaches. We're starting to see some of the newer school guys like Mosley do that too. But, yeah, I agree. I mean, Josh Josh Hart, a fine fantasy player, but not anybody that that is gonna get this big tick up because of the injury to Mitchell Robinson. Alright. We got a couple either or questions from mister a. Number 1, Caleb Martin or Dante Axum? Great question. I would go, I'm gonna go with what I've seen more of, and that is production from Caleb Martin. And and I think he'll get he'll get even more of an opportunity. Haywood Highsmith dealing with an injury right now. Don't know how long he's supposed to be out, and we saw to the playoffs last year. I'm a big believer in Caleb Martin after watching all of those playoff minutes. Dante has given us one single great game in years. So that's I mean, has all the upside in the world, if he's gonna get the minutes, but Caleb Martin is, definitely to play. I feel the same way. I like Caleb Martin. The the big concern, of course, is the return of Tyler Hero. Right? I think if he if he wasn't coming back and misses a home run Caleb Martin for me, we'll see. You know, once Hero's back, that's 27 to 30 minutes all of a sudden that, you know, need to be inserted into that rotation. And I I think, obviously, some of those are are gonna be lopped off of Caleb Martin who has played 39, 34, 31, 35 minutes over the last 4 games. I I still think he's, you know, vastly more consistent. You know, he's gonna be the guy that, you know, on average is going to give you much better fantasy production if you if you look at a month long sample. You know, there there'll certainly be weeks, I I think, where Dante asked him or games where he could be more valuable. It it kinda depends on what you think the Kyrie situation is too. Like, if you think Kyrie is gonna miss a month plus, then, yeah, maybe there's something there with Exum. But I I would rather have Caleb Martin. I I think he's been he's been so good that even with Euro back, they're gonna find ways, you know, for him to to see at least, what, 25, 27 minutes a night. So that makes me somebody else pick up Dante. I'm I it was great. I I loved what I saw last night. I was on the Mavericks plus 2, so that was I was smiling ear to ear, but now I'm not buying it. Keate George or Tim Hardaway? This is another really interesting one. To me, this comes down to what kind of league are you in and what categories are you worried about if it's a category league. You know, Keontae George is shooting 35% from the field. That's the the big concern. He does technically still rank ahead of Hardaway in category leagues even despite that, but that's mostly because Hardaway is basically just points and threes. Yeah. I, and and, I mean, that's kind of what you're getting from Keontae George too. Yeah. You get the assist. I'm gonna go with Tim Hardaway. More consistent. And like you said with the Utah Jazz, like, they they've had so many games where they just they just bottom out. They do, but, like, yeah, I think George is the guy who's been playing in 38 minutes because, like, yeah, they're they're okay with the boxing team. Play them. Him. Yeah. I like George, but I would I'd still rather I think I'd still rather have Tim Hardaway. Okay. I think for the next couple weeks, I'd rather have Hardaway. I think there's gonna be some, you know, some games like we saw last night with no Kyrie where he's the clear number 2 option. And, you know, Luke is happy to feed him. But on balance going forward, I might give slightly into Kiappe George even though I haven't been the biggest fan of him. Alright. Press your question for you, Brandon. Is Cole Anthony a drop now? No. I he has not been as, explosive offensively, but if if you were if if you liked what you saw from him before, nothing circumstantially has changed, and he's still a candidate for 6th man of the year. I would expect there are gonna be ebbs and flows to his season. By the time you drop him, you're gonna be regretting it, wishing you had picked him back up. I I would just hold. If you have Cole, Anthony, there's no reason. Usually, when I put a guy out on the waiver wire, it it's be it's something has happened. A circumstance has changed that's led me to believe I'm never gonna get that production again. That's not the case. He just he's had a a down week. Well, what what is the full situation? I don't know if you have any more insight on this than anybody else, but that that to me is the biggest factor here. If he's back and he's playing 27 to 30 minutes tonight, I I think at that point, you could say, yeah. Maybe Cole Anthony is a drop in in 12 team leagues. I would hold him as right now as well. I yep. On balance, it's been fantastic this year. And like you said, he just spent a little bit down of late. But do you have any idea if Fultz is coming back? I mean, this just started to feel like more of a chronic, like you know, they're they're taking it game to game, but it it really feels more week to week. And I think they kinda need them back. You know, the obviously, the Magic have been playing well. Their record is 16 and 7 right now. The the battle for, 1st place at the end of the week, they have the Celtics on Friday Sunday, but Anthony Black is just not a starting level point guard. And, if they if he was healthy, they'd be putting him back in the lineup. I could tell you that. I think Wendell Carter junior from what I've heard is closer to a return than Fultz is. I I haven't the fault situation's been much more tight lipped, which leads me to believe it's not coming in the immediate future. I do think he's gonna come back at some point, but, I don't think it's gonna be within the next couple weeks. Alright. We got back to back very similar questions. Eerily similar. 1 from Sean and one from Don. Just traded Kobe and Porzingis for Karl Anthony Towns. Thoughts? And then we have another question that says Kobe White for Porzingis. Both of these are 9 category leagues. So we'll talk about the 2 for 1 first. Kobe White and Porzingis for cat. Pretty fair deal to me. Yeah. Yeah. I'd rather have Karl Anthony Towns, than than the other 2. But, Yeah. I think care for both sides. I I would prefer Towns because of the injury risk with Porzingis. Like, that's just I always he's been really good when he's been out there. I just I you know, history suggests that that's gonna be a losing investment more often than not. And, obviously, Cat's missed a lot of time too. So it's not like he's, you know, early in his career. He was, like, 82 games every year. But I I think Cat's been good enough and, you know, he he has 1st round upside. Those other guys really don't. But I I think this is a fair deal for both sides. Yeah. And, I mean, there is a chance that what we're seeing with Kobe White isn't going to sustain, but, we still don't know what Chicago Bulls is, is really gonna look like, but it's good to see Kristaps Porzingis back out there. We know that he's gonna bomb it from threes at 6 attempts in each of his last two games. Mhmm. The rebound should be there. I think they've been a little bit suppressed, but I would expect that to pick back up. I mean, these are all really good players, but you want the best player in the deal, Karl Anthony Towns. So well, he already did it. So yep. I agree. Good job. Cade Cunningham for Poole and Jeremy Grant in a 14 team 9 cat league. Our our question asker, Jay, would be looking to offload Cade Cunningham, worried about a potential shutdown from the Pistons. I get that. I mean, I don't think the shutdown would come until much later in the season. And That would be ridiculous if they did that again. 2 years in a row to shut the guy down. I mean, at some point, you gotta play basketball. Right. 1 and last season, obviously, it was it was injury related. I I don't know if they would shut him down. You know? Like you said, I think you just kinda wanna get reps for Kate Cunningham. I it's not like Kate is winning them games. Right? Is it, like, at the end of the year, are you really are you worried about draft positioning? Like, you've you've lost 20 in a row with the guy playing every night, so I don't think that's really that big of a concern. You know, something Alex and I talked about on Monday too is this draft class, there's not a prize at the top. You know, there's not a weapon yama sweepstakes here where you're trying to make sure you're in that bottom 4 for the the lottery odds. So something will develop, you know, in a few months from now. There will be 2 or 3 guys that we're really excited about. It always happens. But I I don't I think with the way that this draft is shaping up, that's something you have to consider as well. I would I I would always be more worried about a Jeremy Grant shutdown than a Kate Cunningham shutdown. I completely agree. I I I'm not trying to move on Cade Cunningham. I know that the whole Pistons situation has been frustrating, but he still gives you 20 points most nights. He's good for double digit assists, a couple times, over the course of a 2 week span. And, you know, the 3 point shooting isn't there. That's not really his game, but, I still really like the player. And, I I think he can only he he's only gonna get better. He's a really talented player. We have not seen the best of Kate Cunningham yet. We'll address this one quickly. Kinda talked about it already. Is Kobe White a sell high, or could he keep this up rest of the season? Do you expect Chicago to trade LaVine for a point guard? That's the thing. It's it I expect him to trade LaVine. I think that is sewn up. I real I think that's happening. You know, could be as soon as, like, next week when guys become trade eligible. Could be January. Could be the trade deadline at the latest. LaVine wants out. You know, when it gets to the point where he's publicly talking about, yeah, it's probably time for me to move on and then is, you know, kind of mysteriously shut down with a, who knows what's going on injury, like, a week later, the writing's on the wall. Like, Lavine's gone. But the question is, who's coming back? Right? Like, do you bring in a young guard? Do you wanna get a look at? I I have no idea. There's no way to predict which team is gonna step up or who you're gonna get back. I don't think Kobe White could keep up the efficiency rest of season. Like we said earlier in the pod, I mean, last month, he's at, like, 50, 50, 90 shooting. That's just that's not sustainable to 3 point shooting, especially. So he's at peak value right now, but I think he could do, like, a reasonable facsimile of this going forward. Like, unless they bring in I don't even know who, like, what, you know, name Young Guard x who would come in and and have to play 35 minutes. Like, even in that situation, like, you might be sending out more than Zach LaVine. You might be trading DeRozan as well. Like, I I think there's going to be minutes available. Like, I I think Kobe White's gonna be a big, big minute player the rest of the season. So can he keep up what he's doing right now? Exactly? No. But I would be looking to acquire rather than trade Kobe White. I I tend to disagree. I I I do think I do think that he's gonna remain the starting point guard for the Chicago Bulls, and I fully expect them to move off of Zach LaVine. I I don't know why they would bring in somebody else to take that spot from him when he's been one of your most productive players, and you've played well since putting Zach LaVine on the bench and just kinda waiting this trade situation out. So I think that that will continue. What the problem is is he is not sustainable. And what he's doing in terms of the 3 point shooting percentage and all of that, so we're gonna see dips. Right now, what we're seeing is, an average to good NBA player that's playing a really, really hot stretch of basketball sell high. When we're talking about some of the names that have already been discussed in the trades that have been thrown out there, like you talked about Jaren Jackson junior, we had Karl Anthony Towns as part of a Kobe white trade of one of the answers or questions that we had a little bit earlier. When you're talking about selling high, these are exactly the kind of players that I think do it with. And, if you can get max value for him right now, I think you strike while the iron's hot. You don't just sell them to sell them, but I think you can sell high on Kobe White. Alright. We'll zoom through the rest of these questions. Really good one here from admiral Nida. Has the stock of Jordan Poole, Ben Simmons, and Josh Giddey fallen so low that they're no longer by low targets and are more stayaways? Twelve team category league. I want nothing to do with Simmons. Didn't want anything to do with them in draft season. I I think anybody who's watched Ben Simmons over the last couple years kinda knew this was coming. I wouldn't be really looking to acquire him. I think even even if and when he comes back, there's, you know, the next injury or the next tweak is right around the corner. But Poole and Giddey are are interesting here. Yeah. I, I tend to be a little more stay away with all of them. I've, I've now been burned too hard on Jordan Poole this year. Not, not happy with the investment that I made there, and, and and it seems like the Thunder are getting by just fine without Josh Giddey being one of their stars. You don't worry about a suspension anymore. It looks like that's not really gonna happen, so not gonna factor that into the equation. But these are 3 players that just simply are not blowing me away. Yeah. I mean, Giddey, I don't mind grabbing just because, you know, he's still giving you last 10 games have been really underwhelming, and he's still, you know, 10, 6, 4, and a steal. It's like it's still usable. Doesn't take enough shots where the field goal percentage is, like, a huge negative. I mean, it's certainly not a plus. But, you know, he's shooting it terribly from 3. It doesn't take that many. I I I think there's maybe some by low with him. Poole looked like he was moving in the right direction for a while, relatively speaking, and then it's been just terrible the last 2 games. So I I I think any hope of, like, you know, a Jordan Poole breakout at some point, like, I think it I think it woulda happened. Right? I mean, we thought this guy would hit the ground running and just be piling up points and, you know, there's that report, like, a a month into the season that the Wizards don't view him as part of the future. Like, I I it's it's a lost season for Washington, and the worst part with pools are not giving them the minutes. Like, that is a really that's a bad indication. Right? It it it's one thing if you're playing poorly, but you're still out there for 35 minutes racking up counting stats, but they're getting blown out every night. He's only playing 26, 28 minutes, for a lot of those. So I would I would probably stay away from all 3. But if if you're looking to acquire 1, Giddey would be the guy for me. What's up with Devin Vassell? Should I be looking to unload him or hold? We are, of course, talking about Devin Vassell for the San Antonio Spurs. Yeah. You know, it's been a little bit shaky. The raw numbers look pretty similar to last season. You know, obviously, he missed basically the entire second half, but he's at 47% from the field on the year, 37% from 3 again, close to where he was last season. So I I I think he's been about as expected. Like, maybe hasn't taken a big step forward, but I I I think kinda neutral on him. Like, I'm not panicking on Vassello. I think you're you're getting about what you should have expected. Yeah. I mean, the the Spurs are in a similar situation to what we're seeing with the Detroit Pistons. They just lose a lot of basketball games, and when you lose a lot, usually your best players aren't, holding up their end of the bargain. Devin Vassell still the 2nd leading scorer on the team. It just kinda is what he is. I I I don't think could you look to unload him? I don't know who's trying to buy Devin Vassell right now, so I I would just hold. Kawhi Leonard and Jrue Holiday for Kristaps Porzingis and Dejounte Murray. This is a 9 category league. He's punting field goal percentage and punting rebounds. Which side of this trade do you like more? I I think I would lean the Staps and Dejounte Murray's side. Just getting a little bit more bang for your buck there. Yeah. Drew Holiday has just not been a great fantasy player this year. You know, his numbers have taken a predictable hit in Boston. So great real life player, of course. You worry about the injuries with, like, Porzingis and Kawhi almost cancel each other out for me injury wise. You know, Kawhi is still the best player in the deal, but DeJante Murphy has also been extremely healthy, and I think he's always one of the more underrated guys in fantasy. So I I would I would I don't love either side of this because of the injury risk, but, obviously, you're you're either hanging on to an injury risk acquire or acquiring 1 in Porzingis. But I I think the like, Murray to me outpaces Holiday enough that that I would rather have the Porzingis Murray side. What can I get for Poole and Hayward? Tough to say. You know, Gordon Hayward, I I'm riding it out with him in a couple of leagues just like waiting for that injury to come. He's been solid, though. I mean, he's he's picked up his assist a little bit with no LaMelo, you know, minutes have been there. He's always he's always been fine when he's been healthy. It's just you you know that that injury is coming at some point. And, you know, we just talked about Poole, not a guy that a lot of people are trying to acquire right now. So packaging those 2 together, you know, I don't think you're gonna get anybody that's gonna blow you away. Right? You you gotta go pretty low here. Is there anybody that comes to mind? Could you get one of the Pelicans guys, like a Herb Jones or a Trey Murphy, or is that even asking too much? I no. I think I think that's fine. I think that's a good good range to aim for. You know, could you try to get, I don't know, Spencer Dinwiddie, D'Angelo Russell, you know, guys who would kinda have high variance, you know, somebody who who might be frustrated with some of their down games. D'Angelo Russell, by the way, I was looking at that MVP list that we went over a couple weeks ago. He's still towards the top of it. As far as the most successful teams in fantasy basketball, a high percentage of them have D'Angelo Russell on their roster. I I don't understand that. I I guess I don't either. Yeah. I I think, you know, that that does adapt to, you know, like Yahoo's default settings. Maybe they they have some sort of D'Angelo Russell boost in there. Yeah. He is shooting 50% for the field. So whatever. We'll give him that. I I have no idea how that that makes sense. Like, when you watch him, I feel like every every night I tune into the lakers, he's not having a good game. Yeah. So I guess when I'm not watching, he must be going off. Alright. James says I have Vucevic, Valancunis, Triple J, Hartenstein, and Nick Richards trying to trade 1 center away for a good power forward in return. Who should I aim for? And, again, who? Thanks. Alright. Thanks for the question, James. Yeah. You got you got a little bit of a glut at center here. It's not depending on your, like, your league settings, it's not a bad thing to have options at center. You know, you're all you never wanna be in that boat where, you don't have enough centers and you you're forced to start maybe 2 of them, but you got enough here. I, you know, I I'd be looking to trade. Obviously, you can make a case for any of those guys. But if you're looking to get a good power forward in return, you know, you might have to trade one of those first three, Busovich, Val Chunis, or or Jared Jackson. You know, if you're putting Hartenstein or Richards out there, I don't think you're gonna get a quote, unquote, good power forward back. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, do do you maybe try to to aim for somebody like Jabari Smith who's who's quietly played pretty well? Yeah. It was one of the first names that jumped out at me when I was looking at the list. I think PJ Washington has been his his, productions has been suppressed with LaMelo Ball out of the lineup, but if we see LaMelo come back, he seems to thrive off of the way that LaMelo runs that offense, and his defense is gonna keep him on the floor. So he's a guy that you might be able to look at. I don't know if Evan Mobley is, getting a little bit too aggressive in what you could pitch potentially get back, but, yeah, those would be those would be a couple of the names. I like the Jabari Smith pool because it just as somebody who has Jabari Smith, he's one of those players on your roster. You're always willing to unload because, he's not he's not changing the game for you, but he's good enough to be in your starting lineup. Yeah. I mean, you could try to pull, like, a triple j for Siakam, that type of thing. I think those are 2 players that a lot of people are probably looking to move off of right now. So you got options. You got plenty of options. Alright. Youssef says, hey, guys. I got offered Embiid for my Booker and McCall Bridges. Do I need to get another player to equalize the trade? Is it worth, to get 75th to 85th player with Embiid? What is the target rank for 2nd player? Okay. So, basically, is it you know, Booker and McCall for Embiid, is that a fair deal? I actually think that's relatively fair. I mean, if if obviously, if you can get a if you can get a 3rd or a second player, you know, to come with Embiid, I I think you at least try that first. You know? Don't accept the offer without countering. And if they decline, I I think this is a relatively fair deal. Like, I'd still rather have the Embiid side because he's just been he's been such a monster. You know, some of these top guys like SGA, Embiid, Halliburton, Jokic, I mean, they're they, like, outpace even other first round values by so much that they're just incredibly valuable. But, you know, Booker and McCall Bridges is, to me, a pretty fair offer. Yeah. And and so this person has Booker and McCall Bridges, so I would just, yeah, just I would slam accept. That wouldn't get cute. Sometimes you start to you start to throw offers, counter offers back and forth too much, you end up losing the deal. I think, I think I would do it straight up because the player you're gonna add to that mix where the other person's still gonna say yes, I don't think that that that individual player is gonna change the game for you. Alright. We'll do this one quick. You think the warriors make some changes soon? Maybe Kamengo over Wiggins, Les Klay. His team is looking sad. Yeah. We talked about this at the top, and it's it's not looking good. I feel bad for Curry, which I have not said very often as as somebody who tends to be more of a LeBron supporter. But it's it's tough, man. I mean, they they they left it all out there last night, still came up short. You know, it's the bench that was carrying them. I I think Wiggins to me is the guy who gets replaced first. I mean, he's just been a total train wreck. And even even if, you know, they don't pull him from the starting lineup, like, we've already seen, you know, more Moody, more Kuminga. You know, I think some of Pachevski's minutes have come at the expense of Wiggins. Klay is so tough. Like, I I think they have, and rightfully so, this kind of undying loyalty to Klay Thompson and and, you know, I think we know if anybody's capable of of heating up for a month, then it is still Klay. Like, I it's hard for me to see because I I actually thought he was really underrated last year. Like, people were talking about his downfall last season. I'm like, his numbers should be look pretty good. I I know he slipped on defense, but I I thought he, for the most part, played really well last season. And it's hard for me to see why there would be this big cliff coming other than, I I guess, just age and these injuries adding up. So I I think they will they will punt on Wiggins much faster than they do Klay. Yeah. The the legs seem to be going with Klay Thompson, and, he came back after a a bunch of a lot many months of rehab from that ACL injury, and and it just seems like age has caught up with them. What can they do? The only player they have on their team with significant trade value, they're never gonna trade, and his name is Steph Curry. I just don't know what they can really do outside of making some of those minor moves. Yep. Starting comming over Wiggins. They might end up doing that. They continue to slip. Steph Curry wasn't all that good last night either. 26% from 3 point range. So I'm not gonna say he's part of the whole problem, but he was part of the problem last night. So on top of this, Zach asked, you know, basically, is it is it worth adding Pachevski right now, or are we jumping the gun after another, you know, kind of splash game for him? And, you know, we we got a lot of similar questions about a month ago when he had that big game. Forget who who is that against, Minnesota. I think that was that was the Draymond ejection game. That's right. So that was, like, almost exactly a month ago against the Timberwolves. You know, Pozanski's last 5, he's averaging 28 minutes a game, 12.7 rebounds, 3 assists. The the field goal percentage for a guy who's that small and takes a lot of tough shots has been pretty good. If you're in a deeper league, I would say, yeah. I mean, if you're 14, 16 teams, absolutely. I I think Golden State, you know, you kinda heard it in Steve Kerr's voice last night. Like, they're searching for answers, and I I don't think Yeah. You know, I I again, I Curry is obviously safe. You know? I I don't think Clay is gonna see a massive reduction in minutes, but they're gonna do whatever it takes to to try to win games here. And I I think Podjewski has been he's he's been better, like, on balance than Clay has for a lot of the years. So, yes, I I would go out and add him if you have a roster spot. You know, don't expect too much, but definitely worth an add for me. Yeah. I mean, it it's a speculative add just to see what the Golden State Warriors do in order to correct this situation. I gotta do something because this team is has too much pride to be sitting at 10 and 13 right now. So you know Steve Kerr is gonna start to shake things up. Alright. Supremacy asked, how do you check that MVP, fantasy team stat? We will send that in the chat right now. Here. I'll I'll I believe I have that I believe I have that saved. Let me move this. Yeah. I I just sent it. Okay. But you can Well, that was fast. Yeah. You all you gotta do is just Google Yahoo Fantasy Basketball MVPs, and it'll take you there. But, yeah, interesting page that that shows you the highest roster players on the most successful teams this season. James said, should I try to get Middleton? If so, who would be a good trade for him? Yeah. I mean, he's probably pretty undervalued. You know? I think, especially if there's somebody who's not, you know, checking box scores and just, you know, you hear the narrative of, oh, you know, he's not playing that many minutes. He's still working his way back. Like, he's still gonna be, like, a borderline top 100 guy. So, yeah, I actually don't mind adding Middleton. I I think there's only upside the rest of the way unless that knee injury, you know, really starts to crop back up. Even at limited minutes, you know, he's still giving you, like, you know, 13, 4, and 4, which is fine, especially in the deeper league, but don't give up anything too crazy for Middleton. You know? Like, I I wouldn't be I wouldn't be giving up somebody who's, like, played better than him quite yet. But if if you have somebody in your league who's worried about Middleton long term, I I don't mind adding him, but if you can get him cheap. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if there's somebody that's been hot off the waiver wire, you can package someone like that and, and a low end starter, something like that, and and and, work your way into getting Middleton. I I I agree with Nick. I don't think you need to give up much in order to acquire him. He's not somebody that that teams are holding on to, with dear life. Mhmm. Do you expect Trey Murphy to get back to the same production he had last season? Good question. I I love Trey Murphy. One of my favorite, you know, individual guys in the league. My answer is no because Zion barely played last season. And that was a huge part of the reason that Trey Murphy, you know, had his his little second year breakout. I think he could get close. You know, Zion could obviously get hurt again. That would certainly help him. But, yeah, you just gotta remember that, you know, most of his, you know, breakout last season came without Zion. And as long as he's in the lineup, I think it's they they just got too many guys. You know, they gotta play Herb Jones. Obviously, Ingram, McCollum, these guys all need big minutes. So as long as Zion's healthy, my answer is no. Yeah. Love the player, but a lot of that production came due to Zion not playing basketball. And if he's out there, he's gonna get his minutes. So, yeah, same production, no. But he's still a player that I want. Mhmm. Let's see. Westbrook, is he a drop candidate, or should you ride it out? I would drop him. Wait and see on Paul George, I guess. I know the Clippers downplayed it after the game last night, decided it was precautionary holding him out in the second half. So I wouldn't have too much concern there, but I I'm not a Westbrook guy. I would I'd be I mean, he's playing, like, 17 minutes a game over the last couple of weeks. I'd be pretty comfortable dropping him. Trying to unload Jalen Green and Brogdon for a point guard or shooting guard, 14 team category league. Anybody come in mind? This is tough because, you know, Jalen Green is kinda doing similar things to last season. Obviously, with Brogdon, he's he's been banged up. You worry about a trade, It just doesn't really match the rest of that roster in Portland. So, yeah, I mean, tough to hand out a a specific player, I suppose. But if you're looking let's see. I don't know. I mean, could you try, I mean, could you try to get, like, Zach LaVine by low on him while he's out? I think you absolutely could. Who's, who's who's trying to hold Zach LaVine right now? I think if that person that that has him on their roster, especially if you gotta look at their record and see if they are they struggling to find Yeah. Production? Do they need wins and take advantage of situations like that? Mhmm. I think that's a that's a really interesting player that comes to mind there. Alright. We'll do a couple more, and then we we gotta get out of here. We're well over the the hour mark. Let's see. Rodrigo says, do you guys prefer Jaylen Brown or Darius Garland rest of season? I would I would go with Darius Garland. Me too. Man, I I I mean, I saw him personally the other night at the Amway Center, and he just went off. The second you start to focus in on Donovan Mitchell, which most most defenses are gonna try and take him out of the equation as much as they can as hard as that may be. It just really opens things up for Garland. He's become a better 3 point shooter, and he's a great facilitator. He leads the team in assists as well. Yeah. I'm on team Garland here. No question. In category leagues, you know, Jaylen Brown's free throw percentage really hurts you. He's never been a good free throw shooter. He's gotten worse this season compared to the last couple. I mean, he's hanging around close to 70%. You know, the assists are down. The rebounds are down quite a bit. I I think the addition of Porzingis, that's robbed him of 2 rebounds per game. So it to me, it feels like Garland hasn't even played that well, and he's still been a better Fantasy player to date than, than Garland has. And I think Garland has more upside the rest of the way. So that's that's where I would lean. Alright. Couple more. Hartenstein and Caleb Martin for Khris Middleton. I don't know if I would do that. I don't think I think I'd rather have Hartenstein and and Caleb Martin. Yeah. Me too. At at least for the next month. You know? I I the thing with Middleton, like, I I think I'm relatively high on him. I still don't think he ever plays, like, 36 minutes a night by the end of the season. Yeah. You know, I I I They're saving him for the playoffs. Yeah. The Bucks I don't think the Bucks care about the one seed that much. Like, the this entire obviously, it's title or bust for Milwaukee, and I I don't think they care about our fantasy teams either. So no. I I mean, Caleb Barton's production is probably gonna be pretty similar to Middleton, honestly, for a while here. So I I would much rather have the the first side of that. LeBron for Booker. I get LeBron. Is that fair rest of season? It's fair. That's fair. I think I'd rather have Booker, but it's close. So tough. I mean, LeBron's a better player. It's just do you think LeBron's getting hurt? That's what it comes down to for me. Definitely fair, though. You're you're incurring some risk with LeBron. I'll I'll just say that. If you're if you're doing well in your league and you're, you know, you're like the top 3 right now, I probably wouldn't rock the boat. But if you're if you're looking to make a move up, then, yeah, sure. Go ahead. Grab LeBron. Let's see. We'll do one more here. Obi Toppin. And on a high note, is he still a 14 team 9 category hold considering Matherin and Neesmith have played well recently? Yeah. I in 14 team league, probably not. I don't know. I mean, with Toppin, I I I he's a better, like, real life player, I think, when he's running hot than he is a fantasy player. You know, on on the year, it's like he basically gives you 12 to 14 points, really doesn't rebound for how athletic and and large he is. You know, only 3 rebounds a game on the season. You know, marginal 3 point shooting. He does shoot a very high percentage. That's the thing. He's over 60% on the year. So he he is helping you quite a bit of field goal percentage, but I I don't think you would necessarily rue the day that you dropped Obi Toppin at 14 team league. It's a good way to put it. Yeah. He's a he's a put back specialist, so he's gonna shoot that high percentage, but just doesn't give you a lot else. And I think that I've been waiting for the Ben Matherin ascent. I think we're finally starting to see it. Yeah. And, and perhaps that does hold back Toppin's overall value. Alright. Last one coming in under the gun here. George says, hi, guys. Appreciate what you do. Thank you, George. Would you hold and enjoy Anthony Simons, or should I sell high? I would hold him for now. I mean, I think he's gonna be a complete monster. Later in the season, we'll see. You know, he could be a shutdown guy for sure. But he's also young enough and part of their core that, like, I you know, I I think Jeremy Grant is who I would worry about most in Portland being shut down. I would hold time. I mean, I I guess, like, if you could flip him for, like, a bonafide top 25 guy, yeah, then I I would think about it, you know, if you if you really want to. But, I mean, I think he's gonna be a complete monster. Like, this is an ultimate. This this is what we thought Jordan Poole would be. Right? I mean, this is this is like he's like a good version of Jordan Poole. For sure. I'd be more worried about a trade, than I would be a shutdown. I think Anthony Simons with all the the glut of guards they have, Simons, definitely Brogdon. Those guys might end up on the move, but that doesn't necessarily tank his fantasy value. He could end up Yeah. In a good spot. I think he's gonna keep doing what he's doing. Like, I wouldn't I you know, he's been awesome these first three games. Hits the ground running. He's averaging, like, 33 a game. He's had a ton of threes. Very good free throw shooter as well. Yeah. That's something that's not talked about with him. I mean, he's like an almost 90% guy. So I would hold him. I I still think you could trade him in a month if you if you have the same concerns and his value's gonna be about the same. All right. That'll wrap it up, guys. What, for 80 minutes here. Man, good questions in the chat as always. Really appreciate that. Helps us, you know, help you guys talk about as many players as we can. You can always catch the archive version audio on Spotify, on Apple Podcasts. You can check us out on YouTube if you missed it live. Please like. Please subscribe to the YouTube channel. That helps us immensely. You can leave us comments there. We'll answer those, and give us a follow on Twitter as well. That that helps us out. So thanks for listening along. We appreciate it. We'll have an episode coming out to you guys tomorrow morning. Then we'll have Alex, Ken, and Shannon talking to WaiverWire on Friday.