Hey, everybody. It's doctor a. That is the catering. Ken Christ. All aboard? It's Tuesday, January 2nd. This is the award winning Redwire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by Underdog Fantasy. It's 2024, baby. Let's do it. Hello, K train. How are your headphones? They are great. I was just explaining to doc. I stepped and crushed my go to headphones. Luckily, I had these backups, in the closet, which I left open. But happy to be here in 2024. Thanks for having me, Steve. Are you sad about the headphones that are now destroyed? Those are your go to's. They were my go to. I am sad. I'm looking up on the floor in 2 parts. I mean, they're plastic. They used to be, my other pod partner used to call those my, boy band headphones. It's more like what I've got. These are my TV wonders. Did I say you got a golden tee for Christmas? I'm getting us off topic already. But My birthday My birthday present. We came home from playing golden tea at the bar. Yeah. And I opened my front door, and there's a golden tea machine in my house. That is fantastic. Is this the wife saying stop drinking? Right? Right? Right. Or what's it that could help? Yeah. Maybe I don't need to have a full time job anymore. You know what I mean? You got all you need. Yeah. I've got everything I need right here. But it's cool, man. People like like, I'm known in my town as the Golden Tee Guy because I'm always I I play every day Okay. In this same bar. And so when I told when people found out I got that my wife got me a machine, they're, like, genuinely so excited for me. Like, usually, so I get something cool, and you're like, oh, that's great, man. And there's, like, there's so jealousy thrown in. People are just so happy for me. It's like they can just see the tears in my eyes, the the joy. It sounds like you have a wife who knows you well. Yeah. So I got I got very lucky there. So, yeah, that is cool. Let's talk about let's hit some news, Kent, and then we'll hit the panic meter. Maybe some hot players, maybe some get off my lawn. I've got got one lined up for for next week. Maybe some vets and maybe a quick story, doctor a, brush a greatness story. Oh, fantastic. Perfect. And, as usual, you wanna talk about you cannot get away from the Mavs. Yeah. Right? Well, I mean, it is timely. Kyrie Irving came back last night. Was it really a 21 game absence? Did you you know, I relish him not playing. I'm a I'm a I'm a Kyrie hater, so I enjoyed, the no Kyrie in the news. And, look, surprise, surprise, comes back, plays poor defense, puts up a minus 15 point differential, and, Mavs gets spanked by Lola, Utah. Well, that's what I was gonna ask you. Are you surprised at any of that? No. No. I think Kyrie's probably you know, Kyrie's one of those, addition by subtraction guys. You know what I am surprised by? I can't believe how badly Grant Williams is playing for Dallas. They gave him that nice contract. I thought he'd translate well in that lineup. Hit a bunch of corner, catch and shoot threes, rebound better than this. It just goes to show Brad Stevens knows what he's doing, man. Well, in Grant Williams was supposed to be good. That the thing I can't believe is that Dallas is as good as they are when it's literally just been the Luca show. Right. Jones and Exzuma in their, in their starting lineup, you know, retreads base I mean, Lively has been a great draft pick. Right? He's a legit center. Derek Jones junior is having a career year. Yep. Tim Hardway is a solid basketball player. He'll be super hot for 4 weeks then get cold for 3, but yeah. Yeah. He's doing his usual thing. But then you got all these guys just kinda filling in the blanks, and I I don't know, man. They got a lot of Band Aid guys. Which I I do. I'm with you in the but I'm with you in the in the Kyrie arena. Like, I'm not a Kyrie guy. Never have been. But I did kinda like I have kinda liked seeing him rooting on the bench for his teammates, and then I feel like he's invested. I feel like, you know, Anthony Davis is is hell bent on playing as many games as he can. Kyrie Irving, all these guys that were used to kind of be chumps are are trying to play every game now. And I feel like if Kyrie didn't have an actual real injury, he would be out there trying to help this team. So I still have a little bit of faith as a Mavs fan that this is all gonna work out. Well, yeah, we'll see. They what what are they gonna do? They're not gonna trade Kyrie at the deadline or anything, so they're gonna make it work. Yeah. They they are their hands are tied. So this Sal Funtechio guy, Fonteccio Yeah. Plays for Utah. I have been screaming from the rafters, Kamla and I both, and and probably you too, like, you gotta trade Laurie Markkanen off your Fantasy team before the next injury and before he gets shut down. Rick and I kinda feel like this whole Utah team is going to get shut down. Fantastic. Focus on getting the deck. Yeah. 24 points, 6 boards, 2 assists, 2 steals, a block, and 3 triples last night. Is this a guy we should always sitting on? I'm I'm gonna say, unfortunately, no. I wish I shared your enthusiasm. You're right. Utah's gonna realize they need to tank for a draft spot, but fun techio is a one night beautiful evening for him. That's a crowded front court with Collins, Kelly, the clinical, Linick, Kessler, marketing, and, Simone ranks 221 per game value over the last 14 days in 8 categories per the rankings. Hey. I think it was a great onetime game. He certainly will gobble up the minutes when they realize that John Collins failure, is just that. But, and I don't know why they're not giving Kessler more minutes. But to me, it's a buy low on marketing if you can, though maybe the the name's just too big to to get them on the on the low. His stats per year aren't that bad. In fact, his turnovers are actually improving. He's down 2 and a half points per game. But you're right. Utah needs to focus on getting a lottery pick. You know, it's funny when when Cam and I were on last Thursday, he's like, dude, I just got a trade offer this morning, you know, for our league. And I said, let me guess. He goes, what? And I said, Lori Markkanen. He goes, yeah. I was like, I got that one too, bro. So the the person who has Lori Markkanen on on the roster in our our league that we play in Oh, is this the Kate Campbell, a keeper league? No. This is this is the this is a, There's my trophy from the Campbell, the keeper. There's a different league you're in with, Rick? Yeah? Well, no. Now I'm confused. I don't know. But, yeah, anyway, oh, no. It was another guy in that league said, oh, I got a offer. I'm marketing today. I said, so do I. It wasn't Cameron. Okay. It's the rock and roll league I'm in. But, nonetheless, people are trying to move him. I don't think it's a Bilos situation on Mark and then. I think he's a ticking time bomb. He certainly had health a thick medical file before coming to Utah. What about Jordan Clarkson? I know you're fired up about him. Hey. It's triple double. Right? I just think it's nice for Utah. They hadn't had a triple double in almost 16 years. How about that? And kudos to Clarkson. Does it coming off the bench last night? So, yeah, kudos to Jordan and those Jazz fans. And I owe the Jazz an apology. Wasn't crazy about those black and gold uniforms, but they've definitely grown on me. Different league. Same league that I was talking about, different person. Once Dante Di Vincenzo, who I just picked up off waivers when he blew up the other night Yeah. Yeah. What do you have? Like, 40 38 points and He had something set because he was just draining threes. He just was feeling it that night. Yeah. And so I picked him up, and I'm like, he's already been starting for the Knicks for 3 weeks. They're they're gonna keep starting him. RJ Barrett and all those shots are gone. I mean, quickly and all those shots are gone. Like Yeah. How can this fail for Dante? And she was like, well, do you want Zach LaVine for Dante DiVincenzo? I'm like, I feel like I should do that, but I Oh, you're on the you're on the DiVincenzo side of that. I Yes. I didn't read the notes the show notes. Right? Yeah. I I can stick with Dante. I mean, here's what scares me about LaVine. Right? The bulls are playing a heck of a lot better without them. They're 105 since LaVine's been out on this current injury. He does hope to return later this week. But if you're Chicago, what is the rush? And, man, I feel like he's tanked his own or the bull's success has really tanked LaVine's trade value. No one's gonna want that contract. I'd bring LaVine off the bench while they're playing well, but I'm glad you stuck with Dante. I think that's the move. Well, I I think once LaVine is traded, which he's going to be, he's not untradeable, and he's not playing I don't think he's playing another game for the Bulls. Once he's traded, I may look back on that and realize what a mistake I made. Right now I mean, I haven't seen Zach LaVine. I haven't seen a picture of him or heard his name in 2 months. So Yeah. Well, the picture I remember is him with terrible body language his last few Bulls games were not getting back on defense. And, Yeah. You know, he didn't win in Minnesota. He's not winning in Chicago. I don't want him. I I don't wanna I wouldn't want him on my my my team. Did you happen to hear about the big trade that went down? Heck yes. Heck yes. What was your immediate reaction? Was it really Josh Hart being done for the season? That was just reaction was, this is so cool. Like, no one is going to call me and tell me to get on my computer and record a video right now, breaking down the trade in 25 seconds or less and firing it off to a studio in Connecticut and masturbating it all over the Internet. Like, I just You're like, I can enjoy my holidays. I just kept I just kept scrolling. Well, I don't wanna, you know, bad mouth a competitor where you used to work at, but, Yeah. You know, good for you not having to have the corporate man crush you on a holiday. I'll say this. I actually think it's a good trade for both teams. I think Barrett needs Barrett needs to be somewhere with a fast motion offense. Too many times look. I'm not an RJ Barrett fan. I wasn't coming out of Duke. I'm not now, but that poor guy got stuck with a lot of, like, bailout Julius Randle shots. You know? Shot clock's down to 22. They've doubled Randle. He just flings some bad pass to Barrett who's supposed to bail him out when he's inconsistently shooting from 3. He deserves, like, plays called for him where he can focus on better being a better 3 point player. And who knows? Maybe a little home cooking in Toronto will be what Barrett needs. Is this a Barrett trade, or is it a Quickley trade? Or is it just Toronto saying give me younger guys with more contract control knowing that they're probably gonna lose on Anunoby after you know, either this summer or next depending on that player option. Well, Anunoby didn't look right this year. He his stats are bad. The more usage Barnes got, the that almost came all directly away from Anunoby. And Anunoby's agent is either the son or the nephew of, Leon Rose, the president of the Knicks. So there's clearly some inside info. The Knicks feel good about resigning him. I think it's so funny that the Knicks are suing the Raptors for allegedly stealing insider info, and yet they somehow consummate a trade? I don't that's so weird to me. That is weird. It's very weird. Yeah. And and look, I don't know, I think he he's much more comfortable fit in that Knicks. He wasn't getting high usage offensively with the Raptors. And the Knicks are a defensive first team, which a guy like Arnott Obi loves. He really plays to his skills. And, you know, Tibbs is gonna play him those knees bleed. They'll be getting Mhmm. 72 minutes tonight or whatever. So I actually think both players value goes up quickly. They started quickly. Can you believe they started quickly day 1? They're just like, Schroeder, hit the pine. Schroeder still got decent minutes, but I was shocked. Day 1 quickly was the starting point guard. I'll see if that lasts or not. I think But I feel like all 4 Yeah. How come Anunoby played for the Knicks, but Achua didn't? I Achiwa played. Did he? Oh, I was looking for minutes on that. I mean, they obviously, Hartenstein needs some help there. I only caught the Q4 of that game. Hartenstein still got 39 minutes. So Yeah. Yeah. Tibbs. Yeah. I don't oh, it should we did get 9 minutes. I'm sorry. We did quick o for 2. I mean, I presumably, they'll ramp him up a little. But A little. I don't I'm not expecting anything big, but I think Quickley is a good fit in Toronto. I think Quickley and OG or Quickley and and RJP kind of both needed to get out of New York, and I feel like Yeah. OG needed to get out of Toronto. Right. I think it works for everybody. I think if you have these guys, you're good. Josh Hart came off the bench, 8 points. I'm worried about Josh Hart. He's been such a solid fantasy guy. Yeah. But still 29 minutes. He's, you know, if he's getting 29 minutes off the bench, you're happy. He still got 11 you know, you kinda get him for his rebounds, and he got 11 of those last night. Actually, he hit 2 of 3. He might be better coming off the bench facing worse defenses. Here's to me the sneaky move off the straight. Jacob whose name I will mispronounce for the entire duration of his, NBA career. But I think value is actually gonna tick up. Achua, right or wrong, was stealing minutes from as they kept experimenting in Toronto. And now he's their only legit center, north of the border. So I actually think minutes so that means more rebounds, more blocks, more tip ins. You You don't want them taking more free throw shots. But there's my sneaky little under the radar move from this trade. Yeah. I don't know. I I feel like Pearl's been ignored all year. You don't hear his name. He's not doing much. Maybe it gives him a boost. I mean, it's it's possible. And I think he's worth hanging on to, but he's certainly not done anything, exciting that No. I'm hoping just for a little more consistency in getting a double double land. But he does get the blocks. He does get you the blocks. You know, I'm not one that can really sit and and judge people on how they mispronounce NBA players' names because I do it all the time. But between you this week with Jacob Pirtle instead of Jacob and then Jacob. There we go. See? My buddy my buddy Brian last week with Jamie Jack Jaquez. You guys are fine. I was so focused on getting the Pirtle part right that I screwed up the Jaka part. That is terrible. Pirtle rhymes with Wordle. He's got a Wordle type of game out there. I like that. I like that. That's good. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA Best Ball and NBA we're gonna start that over. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA Best Ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba Is it underdogfantasy.com? Or download the underdog app today and use promo code rwnba, claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. That's r w n b a. And we get a lot of subscriptions at RotoWire for that promotion. People love it. We're basically because then you've got all the free advice from RotoWire to help you in your new account. Alright, Steve. Let's shift to your one of your favorite sections, the panic mater. Who is scaring you right now, doc? Well, Jimmy Butler. He scared me 3 years ago, 2 years ago, last year. The games played is the games played is gradually becoming a bigger problem each season. For Jimmy? Yeah. And Not for Jaime. Not for Jaime. Not for jjj. Dude, came to me last night. He's like, dude, I dropped, Jaime Haquez to pick up Shaidon Sharp. And I was like, you did what? Unacceptable. I'm like, no. Get get get on your phone right now and go back and get get him. You can't do that. And he's like It's funny. It's funny though every oh, go ahead. Sorry. He's just not that excited about Jaime Hawkins like I am. Doesn't like fundamental basketball, apparently. He's just watching slam dunk highlight reels. You know? Well, there's that. You know, that's how these kids watch all of their NBA basketball. Exactly. They're just watching the top ten plays. That's all I care about. Yeah. Exactly. That's it. Anyway, Butler's got a right foot injury now after he missed all of last week, I think. He's already he was ruled out last night early. Yeah. I don't know I don't know if he'll play this week, but it just it just gives that much more credence to Jaimee Jacquez and how much of a leader he's become on that team and how important he is to that team and how you should not be dropping him anywhere Yeah. Anytime, anyhow. Really can play 2, 3, or 4. He's clearly more of a 3, but, it's funny how everyone predicted the heat would draft him. It happens. Everyone says, oh, he's gonna be a perfect fit, and he is. Like, he he is such he's like, he cultured day 1. There's nothing flashy about his game. The footwork, the fundamental footwork is delicious. It reminds me of old school, old school hoops, Kevin. But, yeah, great passer, not selfish. You know? He just seems plays great d, switches well. Love And he just looks like he just looks like he belongs out there. Like, he looks like he's been playing in the NBA for 8 years. He really does. You would not look at him and think rookie the way he because there's not a he hasn't had a rookie moment yet, you know, like, where he's panicked or or things have been, shaky for him. Like, why I just had to read that promo start that promo over again. That was a rookie moment. Jaime has not had one of those yet. No. No. Not going to. And I gotta believe that, you know, that he coaching staff is not the most forgiving. There's kind of a Belichick vibe, and yet he's handled it fine. You know, they're not like the biggest rah rah patent guys on the back there. Expectations are high, and, they don't mind yelling at guys in Miami. They really haven't need to get to, you know, to yell at, a hockey as at all this season. Alright. My my guy, Victor Rubeniam, has missed 3 games now, I think. Here it comes. I told you know, I was scared of this the beginning of the season. They're 3 players away from being legit contenders. Why would you play this clearly fragile 19 year old and demoralize them for multiple losses? None of that is happening. He's not demoralized. He's completely fine. He's playing great. He's playing great. People are paying money to go see him play. The killer was when he sat 1 of the Spurs had a 2 game week, and he sat 1 of them. That was that killed me. Well, hey. What's happening is the Spurs are still terrible. I mean, they're 11 games out of the play in tournament. That's what's happening. And that's my I'm sorry. That really is my main point. This team's terrible. They have nothing to play for, and pop loves to rest his guys. My hope is this. Because pop has already said, for for now, he's not gonna play in back to back games. So his ankle's full of yield, which I'm fine with that. Spurs have 3 games this week. They have no back to backs, so we're get we get a pass this week. Hopefully, he plays in all 3 games for me, and I win. My hope is that maybe he sits the second or first of a back to back for the rest of the season, but plays the rest of the time. I think that is a best case scenario. Yeah. I'm Yeah. And, you know, I was really negative on Wembley and Holmgren. I've been wrong so far. I still think there's plenty of season for them to be hurt. I scared more about Wembley and just how bad the Spurs are. You know? But Thunder have something to play for. But I do feel like the league mandate of you're not just gonna sit your guys to sit your guys anymore. It's working. It's working. It is. Maybe maybe that gives us some hope on Wimby. Maybe. Maybe. You know what'd be nice for Wimby? Get him a real point guard. Could you get him a true point guard? Would you start Trey Jones on the scene? The Sohan experiment seems to have failed, and yet they're still not starting Jones a point guard. I don't understand what it's gonna do. What is going on? I have no idea. Malachi Branham, is your your point guard of the future? I mean, clearly, they're drafted a point guard next draft, but I don't understand the refusal to put Trey Jones back in the starting lineup. I don't know if It doesn't make sense. Especially when, you know, Tony Parker was such a foundation for 20 years, and now you've got a small forward running the point. I don't get it. Benedict Matherin, 2 back to back 20 point games, super inconsistent. Every time I get fired up about him and wanna pick him up, then he disappears again. It's gonna happen all year. Yes. Rick, this team is mediocre. People are hung up on how well they did on the in season tournament, and kudos to the Pacers for that. That was cute. That was nice. They just won in they just won in Milwaukee last night, bro. Yeah. There's they're 18 and 14. Rick Carlisle, as he did last night, is gonna experiment with lineups throughout the season, and that's what's why you're gonna be driven mad about Matherin. Very nice win in Milwaukee last night. Absolutely. And Halliburton, legit NBA star. I love how often you see he's got 15 or more assists with only 2 or fewer turnovers. That's gorgeous. But they can't decide on Buddy Heald. Well, you know, maybe here's our best scenario. Does Buddy Heald get sent to the sixers at the trade deadline, and they finally commit to Matherin as a starter? I ran. That'd be cool. I mean, Heald is not on their timeline with those stars. It's not like they're playing lights out ball where where you'd want to keep them, you know, where you wouldn't wanna upset the magic. They're 18 and 14, highs and lows, and healed's 31. Well, what is healed? Well, Nimhard got hurt last night. It hurt his back and did not play in second half, and, Buddy, he'll started second half for him. How do you like the how do you like the Jalen Smith and Aaron Neesmith in the starting lineup and moving top into the bench? I don't love it. I I wanna see him top and play. He doesn't rebound. He's 69 and doesn't rebound. Sounds like Zion. He's in better shape than Zion. At least he looks he looks like he should read out. But, you know, topping 29 minutes, 3 rebounds last night. I mean, that's what's benching him. I'd imagine. I'd be yelling on him all day night if I was on the Patriot coast Pacers coaching up. He's getting outmanned by Aaron Nesmith, who's really a shooting guard, and they'd rather have Nesmith, get, minutes at the 4. Smith's starting, but, like, he's playing 12, 15 minutes. You know? But they'd rather have Nesmith at the 4. It was, like, 6:6 and 230 or something or 215. But Neesmith hustles. Like, he can't deny Neesmith's hustle. Neesmith is a guy that Fantasy managers should be looking at too because he's getting minutes. Yep. He's scoring he's scoring. He he didn't do a whole lot of other stuff. But He gets steals. You know? And 5 stocks last night, which is obviously unusual, but he hustles on d and gets steals. Yeah. His shot was horrible last night, but he still got 10 attempts hoisted 3, from behind the arc. But, yeah, Neesmith is a great no cost pickup, when Pacers are on a 4 game week because he yeah. They love his defense. Where are we at with Sadik Bey? Jalen Johnson's back, back to back double doubles, a huge game on Sunday. I'm kinda fired up about Jalen Johnson again. Yep. I'm with you. You know, Bay has always scared me from a field goal percentage. Like, it's not worth the threes if he's gonna tank your field goals. Now granted, he's shooting a career high 45, just a hair under 45% this season, But, I think they prefer Jalen Johnson for they've been married to to Hunter for years now. But, hey, you're the Hawks expert. Are you saying this is it for Bay? I just think from a fantasy perspective, I don't want him I don't want the 3rd wheel in a 3 ring small forward mess Yeah. On my team. I want the first guy, and that's the only one I want. That's Jaylen Johnson. So I I just think Sadik Bey is gonna kinda go away quietly here in the second half. Are they souring on Hunter after years of always letting him start regardless of his health? I mean, I don't know. He he's gonna miss he's gonna miss more weeks. He's he's not close to return, I don't think. And, you know, I had Bob Rathin on earlier, and he he was excited about Hunter this season. He thought this was gonna be a year we finally see the guy we drafted, but, you know, your note here says, ask my buddies in the bar what they think about the Andre Hunter. They'd be like Yeah. Does he play for the dog? I mean, the dogs got robbed out of that football tournament, and so I don't really care about anything else till next year when the dogs play again. Are you the only one watching basketball at that bar where you're not the golden tee? Dude, when I turn basketball on in that bar, I get some pretty hateful looks. I ain't watch these they boys don't stand up for the flag, son. I got I had a guy I had a guy threaten me one time because I turned the NBA basketball game. Oh, you're talking to a Vermonter. We don't have that problem up here. No one's no. We don't have sports bars. Everyone's out actually skiing and doing stuff. He got a he got up and actually left because I turned the a game. And I'm like, sorry, dude. It's my job. I need to watch this. He's like, well, I ain't gonna sit here and watch this. He got up and walked out of the bar. Jeez. Oh, okay. They still stay on the floor. I mean, come on. Caris LeVert. What's going on with him? He's either injured and not playing or he's going nuts. Well, and yeah. And why are they just turn their back on Craig Porter after he had 5 or 6 great solid games as a starter? They demote him suddenly with you know, They need his rebounding. Mobley's gone for another month. Right? Like, I don't understand the bailing on Porter and the roller coasters. I I feel like I picked up and then dropped Lavert in 10 leagues last, week. It was a holiday blur. I don't know what day was what, but I was so excited to get Lavert, and then I wound up dropping him, because the Cavs game count was bad these weeks. Well and Brian asked me last week. He's like, what about Harris Lavert? Are you picking him up? I'm like, no. Because I don't know when he's gonna play. I Does he still have in wrist injury issues? I don't know. But I just don't get yeah. Trying to predict and they lost. Like, I don't know. You the bad loss at Toronto, Porter gets 6 minutes. To me, Porter was the head scratcher. You've uncovered this gem, this undrafted rookie. He was awesome as a starter, and they really turned their back on this fast. I that that didn't make any sense to me. The Craig Porter, it was all tied to Donovan Mitchell. Right? Like, when Mitchell was out Oh, I thought no. In fact, Garland's, you know, absence is also, you know, open the door wide open for him. He was I thought they were gonna move Strouse to move Strouse to the 3. Why are you giving Okoro and Dean Wade minutes? Didn't they how badly did Okoro have to play last season? Look at him last night. Minus 18 point differential for Okoro. Wasn't the entire last season a failure at small forward led by Okoro for the Cavs? They finally go out and get Strues to fix that, and then they shove Okoro back in the lineup. I, I don't And Craig Porter, I feel like, was just playing shooting guard while while while Mitchell was gone because And and awesome rebounds, but, you know, he had some 6 or 7 game assists He did. Mixed in there. I felt like, my goodness. You found this great another gem from Wichita State. This is fantastic. Maybe it's just a one game blip, but we'll see. I thought when Mitchell came back, Porter would still be playing some point guard. Exactly. It as soon as Mitchell came back, Porter was Porter disappears. So Yeah. I I don't know. I don't know. Four starts. He had a these are his assist lines in those four starts. 7, 8, 11, and 6. Those are point guard numbers, not shooting guard numbers. And Mitchell is really natural position shooting guard. Let Porter run the show. Porter's gonna defer to Mitchell. I don't it just And that's why I thought I thought when Mitchell came back, well, Darius Garland's still out for another however many weeks with a broken jaw. Porter should be fine. And then And Porter yeah. Gone. And they won 3 of those 4 starts with Porter in there. It doesn't make any sense to me. That's what I'm making. That's my that's my get off my lawn moment for me to this week is It does Bring back any sense to me either. Free Craig Porter. Well, I have a I have a get off my lawn that's related to something you said a minute ago about not knowing what day day it is from December 20th to January 4th, dude. I have no idea. Ditto. Ditto. None. And it's funny because I was sitting here on Christmas day last week, right, just enjoying my Christmas, just having the time of my life. It's like 1 o'clock Christmas night, and I'm, like, getting ready to walk into my bedroom and go to bed. And I'm I figured out that it was Monday. Right. Yeah. It said July to 3 NFL 60 NFL blurbs that had to be written up for the next morning. Then I normally do it, like, 2 in the afternoon on Mondays. So my whole plan just went out the window. The dark side of the freelancing work there, doc, is you you have the schedule's a little more erratic than you. You did have stuff due on a Monday. So I wrote from 1 to 5 AM, and then I had to get up at 6:30 and go do this other thing. It was it was terrible. So I'm I'm tired of not knowing what date it is. That's fair. But, you know, there's a part of me luckily, you know, we have the luxury of no longer having corporate jobs. It's a lot easier to go back to a job that's fantasy sports versus driving to some god awful, I, steel tower of endless cubes where you gotta crank out meetings and spreadsheets, and you fill out your DPS forms, whatever they call them nowadays. Like, thank god that's behind us. But, yeah, I like I like I'm an old man who likes the standard regular week. And, yeah, when we go to the holidays, I'm wildly lost. I have no idea what day it is. I don't know when they're I don't know when they're trash. Trash out. Yeah. We are we we are the same old med. One brain, 2 bodies. Dude, me and my my trash can and my driveway is at about an angle like that. You don't have ice on yours though. You're down there at happy 80 degree Atlanta every day. I'm I'm sliding on my ass, Trash flying everywhere. There have been there have been times, and I'm not kidding, where I've had to put on my golf spikes Yeah. To get my trash can at my driveway in the snow. So yeah. We have these things called crampons here. They're like rubber soles with spikes you shove over your shoes. No. I'd probably need some crampons. Just a moment. Another thing another little old man thing that's bothering me. It's like, who made the NBA schedule this year? First of all, we get no Sunday games in 3 out of 4 weeks, which that ticked me off. I, yeah, I like football as much as the next guy, but I need some NBA on Sundays. And now next week, there's a bunch of teams. Everybody plays 3 or 4 games. Right? Yeah. Except for the Nets and Cavs only have one game. Yeah. That's a lot. If you're in a head to head match up and you've got Donovan Mitchell and you've got, Malik Malik Beasley or, yeah, Malik Beasley. Bridges Bridges. I mean Or McHale Bridges. Yeah. McHale Bridges got something. Yeah. Yeah. You got Bridges and Mitchell. You got a bench? You're toast. Well, I think it's a bigger issue if you get if you're a Claxton owner. Right? Because having a valuable third center is really hard to do, and you can't have Claxton just play one game. Yeah. Those 3 blocks he might get are super valuable, but one game, that's brutal. That's why I kinda well, you know, similarly, that's why I didn't go after Drummond because the Bulls only had 3 this week in a week when most teams had 4. And to me in Europe or something? Oh, I don't is that what oh, jeez. I don't know. I didn't look at that. I wonder if that's going in Europe. Alright. So on rotor wire, on the NBA section, underscores, there's a section called there's a link called upcoming games, and you can enter the dates. And, you know, most leagues are on Monday, but if you're different days, and it shows you in a very nice simple table that you can sort by games played. It's the easiest place to find how many games your teams are playing next week. And to me, that pick you know, when you're streaming, games played next week's huge part of, which free agents to pick up. They are. They they well, it's funny because, in my column I put on rotor wire, I think it was my my weekend update weekend recap column. A guy commented on it because I'm like, you know, if you play in a head to head league, this 1 game week thing is a big deal. If you play in a roto league where games played don't matter, it's not a big deal. And he's like, well, you know, a lot of fantasy sites nowadays have it set up so the games played really don't matter, so you don't have to worry about that anymore. But but a lot of us are old, get off my lawn guys that are still playing on a CBS league where you can always set your lineup once a week. So Right. Right. I think that guy was saying, you know, you get you can do daily leagues. I have a life. I don't daily leagues, I don't know. I'm not crazy about it. Like, I feel like, yeah, I I prefer my set it on Monday. We're all gonna have some injury risks. Sometimes you win out. Sometimes you lose. Even if you have a daily league, that just means, okay. I need a good bench now. You can't it's harder to just hold a guy that's out for a month because you actually need to be rotating guys. Again, really, to max out games played. Right? And, Yeah. But I get it. I know other folk, but Mike Barner's a huge daily games guy. Well, my daily my daily leagues, I just set my lineup for Monday through Sunday on Sunday and let it rip and then try to check-in on it occasionally to make sure It's easier for us. People with real jobs, though, I feel like daily leagues are not fair. I I mean, I had one job that blocked gaming sites. You couldn't and now you can do it on your phone. Back in the day, there's another old goodness. Another old person story. But, like, real jobs, I couldn't even I had to wait till I get home. That's not what the wife wanted me doing after I worked 11 hours at some corporate slog. Yeah. Alright. Guys, I'm fired up about. Here we go. Malik Monk. Always gonna score. Always gonna score. 6 dimes in in December. And he's really he's their backup at both guard spots, really. Red velvet has really cooled off, which are even more minutes for Monk. Sure. Love them. They rely on them. They need them, and they're a fast paced team. Right? So people get hung up on him not starting, but aren't they they gotta be top 3 in possessions. Let me look this up. Possessions per game. They were number 1 last year. Oh, they're down this year, team possessions per game. But, they're they're 12th, but still fast paced. I think they'll they'll improve that. Nick records, Charlotte playing center. We don't know when Mark Williams is coming back. What is going on? Mark Williams is too young to be this have this many health issues. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I don't know when he's coming back, but Richards, every time I look up, the guy's got 1 to 4 blocks. Yeah. Legit backup. Mark Williams, we've got hoping he comes back tonight. I don't know why we haven't listed his game time. Charlotte's one of those teams that does not help out with useful injury info. Back issue for Williams, and he's missed, it looks like, roughly a dozen games. And we'll see if he returns. Richards has been awesome filling in. Then he have back to back double doubles, double doubles in 3 of his last 6. Some of those are all hollow though, but I don't know. I'm going down with the Benny shit, man. Alright. He hit, like, one of those logo threes, right, before the end of the quarter last game or something better. Watch the Wizards. Are you kidding me? He hit he hit some logo 3. They just give it like some, you know, love me symbol to the crowd. And I'm like, yes. The 5 people forced to go see the wizards over the holidays are very happy for you, Danny. Nice. Nice job. Alright. Can I give a little love to my favorite Celtic, Dee White, baby? Derrick White ranks 9th in per game value, 9 category leagues over the last 14 days, and 15th per game for all season stats for the rotor wire ratings page. And why not? He's averaging 2 and a half stocks, 5.3 assists, which is more than alleged starting point guard, Drew Holiday. I'm telling you, it's Derrick White who brings the ball up more often than Holiday for the Celtic offense. Plus, he's averaging 2.7 threes per game. Last year, Derrick White led all guards in block shots. And this year is the first time in his career, which I was shocked, but I've been preaching this since the offs, off season. This is the 1st year in his career where he's gonna see 30 plus minutes a game. He's at 32.6 right now. Anyway, love me some d White. Probably too late to try to trade for him on the cheap. But, everyone thought to be buried with these stars, but he's exactly the steady hand they need. Well, we all thought Derrick White was gonna do exactly this, and then the Celtics got drew a holiday. Right. And then we were like, rest in peace, Derrick White, at penalty value. But I don't think we took into consideration that Marcus Smart is gone. That's right. And how Roger good Roger been gone. Yeah. Just how good Derrick White is. Yeah. They're actually thin in the backcourt, with Smart and Gone. It's him and Drew. Peyton Drew. Sam, some people think Houser's a shooting guard because he's a 3 and d guy, but he's really a forward. Pritchard is an offensive spark, but can't but they can't rely on him for long stretches on the defensive end. And, honestly, watch your Celtics games. You will see Derek White bring the ball up more often than Jrue Holiday. They love Jrue Holiday, but because he's a defensive master. And, you know, Bucks are the RotoWire office is in Wisconsin, and they were getting mad at some of Holiday's offensive decisions, especially in the playoff run. And the Celtics have said, ah, we have Derrick White. We trust him around the offense. Holiday, you do what you do. Well, you put Derrick White and his rebounding in defense next to Drew Holiday. It's a league. That's why That's the defensive guard in the league. Right. That's why I think Celtics are the best team in the league. Amen, brother. Amen. I agree 100%. Alright. Who else is on your hot list? Or let let's discuss we already we kinda went into the Hawks forward situation. You're a Jalen Johnson guy, and I trust you there. You're Yeah. We've already talked about that. Down there. But let's talk, yeah, center position in Chicago, sir. Oh, Andre Drummond? Yeah. Yeah? How about that? I I did not see 15 points and 21.3 rebounds coming. Yeah. Two blocks. Old school. He beat up some noncenter team some donut squads, you know, hole in the middle, but still. And he used to be a stock machine back in the day. Right? Let's say those DePiston's days. But my goodness. No. I did as I said earlier, I didn't go all in because, 1, got coming back Friday, I think. Is that the 5th? Yeah. Now we'll see if that actually happens or not. It's it looks like you saw something where you think he's coming back next week. I mean, I would not be surprised if if Drummond plays all 3 games this week, and Boots sits out. But it it was a 3 game week for the bulls in a week when most teams had 4. So I did not dry dive into the drum and free agency because I thought it's a 1 week rental to Vooch comes back. Because it's weird. When Vooch is playing, they just don't give Drummond any minutes. He just go you know, he's back to single digit. That was a hell of a one week he had. He sure was. He sure was. Get at least 2 more games this week. So if you've got Drummond, you just hang on and and get ready to jump off once things start sinking. Great. A great daily moves league pickup, and enjoy the ride while you can. And maybe Vooch, maybe they don't rush Vooch back. I mean, it's a groin injury. I I would I don't think they're gonna rush him back, but I don't I don't know. Mike, you know alright. Sidebar here. You remember the cheers episode where Ted Danson did the, was the temporary sportscaster in Boston and did the rap song about groin injuries. Right? No. No. Oh, okay. Then I won't do it here. My younger pod mates don't know it, but I was hoping my fellow old man here would, be my I'm the clip. I was a cheers casual bystander. Like, if it was on, I'd watch it. I didn't have to see it. Oh, alright. I was all in. Alright. Sorry. I'm gonna bring up a big name. I don't think you can do much about it. But Scotty. Scotty Barnes, Raptors. I'm never one that believes in point forwards, the whole Grand Hill mythology. But, look, Barnes has proved me wrong this year. Last 14 days, he ranks 8th in 8 category per game value. He ranks 10th for the season per game value. I think it's gonna be interesting to see how the addition of Quickley and Barrett maybe change Scottie Barnes' value. But like we said, I think this is the rare trade that actually helps both themes. I think Barrett's gonna enjoy a lot of catch and shoot threes from Scottie Barnes, and maybe a true point guard in Quickley. I don't know. We'll see. I'm not sure how this shakes out for Barnes. It's Cooley Barnes' squad. The only concern I have is Barnes is having a his career year, and they're still not winning. The concern I have is Barnes is having a career year, and then they get rid of OG and bring these 2 guys in. And now the chemistry's all changed. I just don't want Scottie Barnes to to fall off a little bit because of this deal. He he was playing so well, blocking shots, doing so much. I'm just I'm just a little worried about that, but not Give him the 1st round first round pick value, which, I'm I don't think anybody who owns who manages them took him in the 1st round. No. They did not. Alright. What are your bets for tonight, doc? Oh, speaking to Derek White, my young dog that I threw together before we got on the air. I've got Derek White over 16 and a half points. Love it. Going for a Chet big block night. That's always hit or miss, man. This will be the one that either wins it or loses it for me. I can't wait for this game. I just think this game, Celtics Celtics thunder, oh, this is gonna be awesome. Porzingis against Holmgren? I can't I can't wait to watch this. I'm so excited for tonight's game. It's gonna be fun. And then Josh Giddey just coming off a 20 point game. Seems like his scoring is getting back on track. He's going against the defensive minded Celtics, but I don't care. I've got him over 10 and a half points. Giroux over 4 and a half assists. I don't think that should be a problem tonight. And then Porzingis over 8 and a half boards against Chet. You clearly just v you you you sound like you should be on the over. It's 240, 240a half. You think this is gonna be a faster scoring game than Vegas has right now? Maybe? It's gonna be it's I don't know. I don't know. But You got a lot of old it was supposed to be the Pacers. Bucks were supposed to score 180 or whatever, and it was way under it was way under where it was supposed to be. Yeah. Alright. We'll see. We'll see. I I'm excited. I love these, like, you know, the rare eastern western conference stuff where the teams don't know each other that well. Obviously, this thunder starting 5 hasn't played together long enough to get to know them that well. I'm a classic East Coast biased guy, so I've been excited for this game for a while. Yeah. I'm gonna watch it. What are you doing? Might be Blanton's worthy bourbon wise for, for this game. I've got, I'm sticking to advice from the new picks and pops feature where it suggests underdog fantasy picks as well as player props. I'm taking the under. I'm going negative. Chris Paul is not gonna get 9 and a half assists tonight at home versus the Magic. Look. Paul might be starting, but pods, baby. Brandon Podzemski. I probably butchered that. He's playing great and deserves more minutes. CP 3 with only 4.3 dimes averaged over the last 3 contests, which are all losses for the warriors. Look. The future for Golden State is Kamenga Pods and Trace Jackson Davis. Play the kids, Steve. Come on. How did Trace Jackson Davis fall to 57th in the draft? You're you know, we're both big 10 guys. I know you love your Hoosiers. I don't know. I don't I'm kinda pissed. I'm kinda a little angry the Celtics didn't grab him 2nd round. They kept trading back. They settled on Jordan Walsh who's hasn't left the g league yet. I, I don't know. I don't understand it. Did do you think people viewed him as maybe too much of a traditional can't hit the corner 3 center? I don't know what it was. I mean, I watched him play all year at IU last year, and he was he was really, really good. He was dominant. It's not like you maybe it's a little age bias. Right? Because he's 23. He played, you know, he played the 4 years at the Hoosiers. Maybe size? He's kinda undersized. But today's NBA, I don't know. That's not an issue. He I think it's the lack of 3 point shooting. He didn't hit a 3 pointer his entire college career. I think that's what they shied off about him. He hasn't hit one for the warriors yet. I think they everybody wants him to because of the smaller size, they're like, we want stretch fours. He's a traditional 4. Well, it plays with a guy named Clay and another guy named Steph. Right. They don't need to shoot him. I don't think they need their big man to be out there bombing threes. Yeah. Exactly. Well set. I'm with you on Puginski, by the way, man. I love that kid. His motor's at a 110% all game. I love it. And, frankly, he's a great guy to watch at a bar because he's got that funky, hairdo with the headband. It's hard to miss him. Love it. Alright. Do you wanna hear a a quick Herb Williams story? You know I do. Let me give the quick rotor wire plug. Folks, for a free free try trial of all the Rotowire tools, whether it's the picks and props feature, the daily fantasy lineup optimizer, the player ratings, the upcoming games, Just go to rotowire.com/try for a free, free, free look behind the subscription wall. That's rotowire.com. And now let's end with doctor a's brush with greatness. And while you tell the story, I'll try to answer a lot of these questions we got coming up on the live chat. Oh, nice. Well, I'll say real quick. Take it away, doc. I was gonna say real quick, as far as the the free RotarWire subscription, when I'm on Redwire on my telephone, I'm not I I haven't logged in, so it doesn't know that I am a subscriber. So Just do that once, and it'll remember you. Just log in once, man. That's a lot of work. Really. So so Waylon will send me a a email and be like, your column just posted on rotor wire. And I'll go there and I can read it, and I only get through, like, the first two paragraphs, and it cuts me off. I mean Just subscribe log in once. Yeah. Log in once, Steve. Just once so the phone will remember you. Alright. I'm I'm at that's my New Year's resolution. Right there. There you go. Alright. So Herb Williams used to play for the Indiana Pacers. Big center. Big old school center. Loved him. He played with Clark Kellogg. They both went to Ohio State together. And, you know, I was local, so I I I kinda knew Herb. Herb knew who I was. We'd see each other all over the place. And, it was my turn. There were, like, 5 of us kids shoe kids, and it was my turn to get a pair of Herb Williams shoes. So as happened so many times, the game ends. I'm staying outside the locker room, and Herb is nowhere to be found. And, you know, some of these other stories, I've told the same mailman did the same thing, and other guys have done that to me. Yeah. Well, I'm like, start asking around the other pacers who were just coming out of the locker room. I'm like, do you guys know where Herb is? Oh, yeah. I think he said he's going up to the bar. You know, I'm, like, 15 years old. There's a bar at the top of Market Square Arena. I go up there, and the bar is The players would go to the bar in the arena postgame? Yeah. Was it just players or were there fans in there? No. It's the bar was closed. It was just Herb and some dude. And so it's called the Eagles Nest. Ryan Sandberg story. I have a Ryan Sandberg bar story in Chicago when you're done. Could go ahead. Called the Eagles Nest. It's like a rotating restaurant up there with with a bar. And, apparently, I think it was another player. It might have been, like, Kelly Tripuka. Seriously, I don't I don't know who it was. I can see that easily. Yeah. But I think it was another I think it was a a player we were playing against. Anyway, I get up there. I go all the way up there. It's like, you know, 11 o'clock at night, 11:30, and, the girl was cleaning up. And I said, hey. Is Herb Williams in there? And she's like, I don't know. Is that Herb Williams? I said, yeah. How many 611 gentlemen are in this park? You're in braces. That would be braces. Probably a walking stick. So, so she's like, okay. Yeah. You can go ahead and talk to him. So I can walk waltz it over there. I'm like, hey, Herb. He's like, hey, buddy. What are you doing? I'm like, you said I could have your shoes tonight. He goes, oh, yeah, man. I'm sorry. I forgot. He goes, here you go. And he hands me his set of car keys. And then Really? My blazer's down there on the 3rd floor. It's black. The shoes are in the back. Just pop the thing, get the shoes, lock it in the rear wheel. Days before the, remote key. Right? You've gotta actually put the key in the hole to find the right blazer. No key fob in 1984, Ken. So so I went down there, found the truck, opened the back, pulled the shoes out, shut it, went back inside, climbed all the way back up to the top of Market Square, and went in there. And he signed both of them, And, I gave him his keys back. And, I mean, I don't know. I just thought it was a great some time. I bet Herb had a few a few bourbons in between you running down to the parking lot, trying to find which car is his, getting his shoes out, running back up to the bar you're not allowed to get into. I shouldn't even been in that in that. I I wasn't even allowed in there. And then, you know, I'm I'm, like, 15 years old. My mom has probably been there for an hour out in the parking garage wait parked on the street wherever she was waiting for me to come down. 20 degree weather? Yeah. You must have had a lovable mug as a 15 year old for all the free stuff you got from these players. Would you like could you muster, like, a tier or something to get the players to feel sympathetic towards you? What was your what was your go to trick? I didn't really I didn't really have one. Just persistence. Just persistence. Nice. I was nice, and I tried to be polite. Polite goes a long way. I got yelled at by tiny Archibald one time. He's like, you didn't say you didn't say please. I was like, oh. Oh, I like that. I like that. Good for Nate. I do too. Alright. Well, doc, we we've kind of updated your brush with greatness story. So you've got a good working list to make sure you have one every pod. And for your long time fans, they love your as I as am I. I'm a fanboy getting to do this show with Steve every week. My Ryan Sandberg is hall of fame induction ceremony, not for Rhino, for others. My wife got me the play turn 2 with hall of famers, which was this thing where you get to hit infield grounders with current hall of famers. I lived in Wrigleyville for a while. I go, Rhino, I lived in Wrigleyville. What's your favorite bar in Wrigleyville? And he goes, oh, second floor of bleachers of Murphy's Bleachers. And I go, I didn't know Murphy's Bleachers had a second floor because, yeah, you wouldn't. You're not allowed. Oh, to be a ball player. You then made a a comment about the ladies that I probably can't put on the, the pod here, but I I was like, oh, to be a ball player. I didn't know they had a second floor. Yeah. Yes. You're not allowed. That's not an accident. Alright. Steve will take us out of here, sir. Alright. That's it. Rick and I will be back on Thursday. As usual, I'll be back Tuesday with a special guest. Ken, you'll be back in a month. Thank you, and, I'll be back Friday. Back to my one of the 3 amigos on Friday show. Steve, as always, an honor to be on the show. Thanks for having me, sir. Thanks for coming on. See you guys later.