Welcome into the rotor wire fantasy basketball pod. Nick Whalen, Alex Barutha here with you on Monday afternoon as we are every week. Alex, big weekend to recap. We got some waiver wire claims to discuss, the players that we added, dropped, attempted to add, weren't able to add. We'll recap the in season tournament. Fun conclusion to that on Saturday. And then look ahead now to what should be a fairly normal rest of the NBA regular season. We all have confusion over which games count, which games don't. The end season tournament is now behind us. But let's start with that. I mean, how much were you able to watch? I know both you and I were a little under the weather last week. So, you know, as a byproduct of that, I spent significant time on the couch, watching a lot of basketball, a lot of football, took in the Wisconsin Badgers women's volleyball, elite 8 win on Saturday. But, you know, Lakers winning the season tournament, outlasting the Indiana Pacers. Obviously, we had Indiana knocking off Milwaukee. We'll talk about all that, but let's just do kind of a a general, you know, now that the NCAA tournament is behind us, we we've tried to check-in on this weekly just to kind of see what the vibe is. I think this is gonna go down as on balance a smashing success for the NBA, at least relative to my expectations. Yeah. I think I think overall, it is it is a success. I was able to watch the bull or excuse me, the Bucks Pacers game live. I caught the actual finals game, between the the Lakers and the Pacers after the fact. And, like, you know, that that 2 PM crowd in Vegas for Bucks Pacers was pretty sad. You know, it ended up say I think they ended up saying 15,000 people were there. I I don't think there were 15,000 people there. And, you know, they dim the lights all around the Yeah. Look. I I I still think they're mostly selling it as a TV product, though, though, and I think it was fine as a TV product. I I get like you mentioned, I think a a general success, but I have some things that I I think would just it would would be better for them to do. Well, that's what I wanna get into in a moment. And I I wanna talk about the games first and then, you know, kind of do a what would we change if we were in charge, and maybe we will be someday, of the NBA in season tournament? I know Tim Bontebs from ESPN. You know, if you're looking at long live, you you could pull up. He wrote a good piece this morning, just kinda noting some of the tweaks, most of which were fairly predictable that we could see in future years. But as we've talked about, I mean, the NBA seems very open, as far as, you know, talking with teams, players, sponsors, fans, to to try to maximize this thing. Well, Well, let's start with the final on Saturday, and then we can we can do any lingering notes from Thursday. 123109 in favor of the lakers, a game that got a little bit dicier than it should have, at least to me. You know, LA felt like they were really in control. And I think through the first three quarters, I could never push the lead above 11 or 12. I forget which number it was, but it it it felt it had the feel of a game that the Lakers were, like, comfortably up 15 to 20. And then, you know, all of a sudden, you know, TJ McConnell starts wreaking some havoc. He's stealing passes in the backcourt. And, you know, the Pacers had this down to a one possession game at one point. But, man, I you know, it was interesting when they did the NCAA tournament MVP trophy presentation. You kinda forget that it encompasses the the group play games as well. I I didn't know who was gonna be. Like, Anthony Davis played so well on Saturday that I I thought there was at least, like, a 40% chance that he could've he could've taken home that award. Of course, it did go to LeBron. Was that to you the best game that Anthony Davis has played in the Lakers uniform? I I think to me, it's it's in the top 3. It's definitely up there. Yeah. I mean, he he looked awesome, was obviously great defensively, was focused on I mean, he still had his his shots where he would, like, inexplicably fade away and, like, fall down instead of just, like he would, like, spin move and then be open for a dunk, and he would just, like, fade, which was kinda confusing. But, yeah, 4125 and 4 is an is an insane stat line. Yeah. We saw some intensity out of Anthony Davis too. We did. Late in the game, which you almost never see. You know, it was kind of like a Mahomes type of thing this weekend. You know, seeing him freaking out after the game. Like, I, I don't see this for Patrick Mahomes, but Davis was, I mean, especially defensively, man, you know, only had only 4 blocks felt like more, honestly. I mean, he was all over the place defensively, excuse me, 16 of 24 from the field, 9 of 13 at the line. Both teams got to the line a ton. It was a a pretty slow game. You know, Indiana, part of the reason they were able to hang around is that I believe at one point they were like 26 of their first 27 from the line. So even though the Lakers ended up getting there 2 more times on balance, you know, some of those came late in the game when they were following. But the Lakers were missing a decent chunk of free throws. The Pacers were making them, I thought, you know, the defense for LA, That's the thing. Like, the the Lakers go through these stretches where they just look like an average team. But when they have their guys and I don't know who has convinced Cam Reddish to become a good defender. But, man, dude, I mean, the the size that the Lakers have. I mean, it's not only Anthony Davis, you know, at at 7 feet LeBron at at 6, 8, 69. But, you know, Torrance, cam reddish, you know, Rudy Hacha burrow, didn't barely even played in this game, you know, coming back from injury, Jared Vanderbilt, like this is, this is a team that has some, some big, big wings to throw in a team like Indiana. And I I think the, you know, the biggest accomplishment for the Lakers was not letting Tyrese Haliburton control this game, which he had done in virtually every other in season tournament game getting back to group play. Yeah. I think the the Lakers made a concerted effort to, hey. Let's trap Halliburton. Let's make his life as difficult as possible, and we'll let other guys beat us, which I think more teams may emulate going forward, especially as the Pacers continue to to look good. I think this happens sometimes with teams when they start to have a a a come up and other teams don't, like, still don't respect them on the scouting report or don't like prep or they don't wanna they don't wanna, like, waste all their energy trapping Tyrese Halliburton when they have to play, like, Giannis the next day or something like that. But, yeah, in a game that is supposed to have a playoff setting, this is this is what you do, and and the lakers dig it really well. I think you're muted. I think this is a blueprint type of game for how the lakers want to win in the playoffs. I mean, the the defensive intensity intensity was notable. It felt like a playoff game. I I think, you know, there was a huge win for the league that the Lakers and LeBron and, yeah, everybody else kinda followed suit taking these games seriously. I mean, it it really it didn't feel like the NBA finals. I'm not gonna say that. I mean, even after the game, Anthony Davis is like, well, it's not the real thing, but it was still cool to to win this, which is, you know, I think about the the best attitude the league could expect here. But, you know, again, the defensive intensity from the Lakers, you know, closing out on shooters, they won the rebounding battle 55 to 32. Now part of that was, you know, they held Indiana to 37% shooting. So there were just a lot more defensive rebounds available for the Lakers. But, you know, even keeping Indy off the offensive glass, like, TJ McConnell had 3 offensive rebounds. No other Pacer had more than 1. You know, Miles Turner fouled out in the second half. Anthony Davis, you know, completely took him out of the game, and he had been, you know, somebody who's a big reason why the Pacers even made it this far. Just a a really impressive effort overall from the Lakers. You know, the the Pacers did go 10 of 41 from 3. You know, that's about as bad as it's gonna go for the Pacers. They've had some hot shooting nights. But on the other side, I mean, very weird game for the lakers and that they put up a 123 points. Felt like they played really well. They were 2 of 13 from 3. 13 3 point attempts. Yeah. It's a that's a that's a really bizarre game. I mean, that's some of that's like Anthony Davis going inside so much. LeBron was really focused on getting to the rim. That's where those guys thrive, and I think you sort of you see this sometimes depending on the player, but during the regular season, it's kind of the opposite of Jimmy Butler. Jimmy Butler doesn't take threes during the regular season, and then during the playoffs, he starts launching them. But, like, LeBron and AD, I think take a lot of threes in the regular season just because the possession's busted, and they don't wanna necessarily, like, recklessly drive to the rack all the time. But, yeah, I thought I I also thought it was interesting. You know, the Lakers to me, I mean, they played their what is presumably, like, their playoff rotation. Yes. Because Austin Reeves at 28 minutes off the bench, but only 2 other guys saw double digit minutes. Max Christie with 19, and then Vanderbilt at 16, and Hachimura had just 9. Yeah. I I do wonder how much that's going to change, and, you know, I would imagine they they extend Reeves minutes a little bit. They've they've been pretty cautious with him, you know, since moving him back to the bench, he's mostly played in the twenties. This was not a good D'Angelo Russell game by any means. Hit a couple big shots. You know, one of them kind of ended a a Pacers run in the Q3, but that's a that's a bad turnover as you know, started off really slowly. I was surprised he actually ended up playing as much as he did down the stretch. I thought we might see a little more Reeves. Reeves had 22 points in the first half, by the way. I I took the over on 1 and a half made threes for Reeves, over 3 from beyond the arc despite putting up 28. That would that would have been a big one to complete a parlay. But, you know, I I think Hatcherborough probably plays a little bit more in the postseason. You know, Vanderbilt is somebody that they always they always talk about. Like, he's this ace defender and he's a good defender, and then they'll play him. Like, we even saw this in the playoffs last year. You know, they'll play him, like, 14 minutes in a big game, which I think is just kinda who he is. And then, well, the other thing too is, you know, Gabe Vincent could be back some point this week in this rotation. He was terrible to begin the year. I wouldn't be surprised if he's just not in the rotation for now. I also don't think we see that much max Christie in high leverage games. Like, he's fine. They trust him on defense. He could hit, you know, corner threes. He had some pretty big mistakes. You know, threw a ball for a backcourt violation at a key spot to Anthony Davis who was very upset. Like, it got to the point that, you know, on the broadcast, they were like, yeah, that's probably gonna get him pulled, and they actually kept him in the game after that. But, yeah, I'll be interested to see how they mix in Gabe Vincent. I for fantasy purposes, I mean, even if Vincent comes back this week, like, unless you're in a really deep league, is there really anything to worry about there? No. I don't think it affects anybody. I don't think I don't think Gabe Vincent coming back is he's not gonna add, and I don't think it affects anybody who is fantasy relevant. I mean, I could see maybe a situation where Cam Reggish is gonna take a small decline or, like, Taurean Prince or something, but I I don't think it's gonna be a big fantasy implication. No. They they seem to like Taurean Prince as well. Yeah. Even when he's not hitting threes, they've, you know, they, they've played him a ton of minutes. I think what they, they like what he brings on defense and they certainly could have used more of that, you know, player like him last season. We'll talk waiver wire in just a moment. After that we will hit the live listener question. So if you, if you're new here, give us the questions of the chat. We will get to them. We'll hit as many as we can at the end. So keep those coming. We're not ignoring you by any means. We we see the questions and we will address all those later on. But first we have a message from our friends at underdog. Underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contest. If you have not tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100, and you'll get a free 6 month subscription to our site, rotawire.com. All you gotta do is use the promo code, rwnba. That's rwnba. Do that when you sign up at underdog, you'll get that deposit match. You'll get that free 6 month subscription to rotor wire. That's all sports too. If you wanna use it, you know, you got fantasy baseball, you know, start to heat up already, prepared for next season. You know, if you if you wanna grind it out for the end of the football season, that gets you full access to everything on rotor wire. Just go to underdogfantasy.com, or you could download the underdog app and use that code r w NBA. That'll get you the free rotor wire subscription and the deposit bonus up to a $100. You and I have been playing on underdog a ton. I've been, I've been playing a concerning amount of underdog lately and dude, it's, it's so fun. Like I, this weekend I was dipping into, you know, some cross sport, you know, pick up contest, which I I love doing. You know, you get get a little NFL action, you get some NBA action. I I especially love doing it for the late games. You know, like I I finish up the radio show at 9 o'clock. There's some random, you know, jazz blazers game going like, yeah, you know what? Let's fire up an underdog entry or 2. And I'll also direct you free plug to rotorwire.com/picks, where we have a an awesome new tool. Our tech team has been working on this for like a year, to help you maximize your winnings on sites like underdog sleeper, prize picks, you know, whatever daily pickup site you use, it compares everything to the sports books, make sure you're getting the best number, getting the best value. So check out rotawire.com/picks. Let's do some waiver wire recap, Alex. Fairly busy week for me, in the Okay. Rotor wire stake league. You know, the rotor wire staff league. I I made a couple additions as well, but I tell you what, man. I am in I am in dire straits in my NFB KC league. I, despite sitting, I think I'm in like 9th right now. I absolutely love my team. Like I really think I have the best team in the league and, you know, take that with a grain of salt. 6 of my first nine draft picks are currently injured and will miss at least one game this week. Like I, and, and none of these guys are droppable. Right? I mean, maybe, maybe you've talked about whether or not, you know, Mitchell Robinson or like Marcus smart. Like I don't wanna drop Marcus smart. He might be back in a week. Wow. I, I, I, I can't really drop any of these guys. Like what, so what do you do in a situation like this in a competitive league where I'll give you the names, LaMelo Ball, Marcus Smart, Laurie Markkanen, Jeremy Grant, Mitchell Robinson, Walker Kessler. All 6 of those guys are injured right now. And, you know, the nice thing about the NFBKC is you you said a Monday to Thursday and then a Friday, Saturday, Sunday lineup. So there there's, you know, some workability there. But do I have any other choice but to just kinda eat it for a week? I I don't think you do because I don't I don't think Kessler is droppable. He's been playing so much better lately. I don't think Mitchell Robinson is droppable. So, yeah, I think you just gotta eat it, unfortunately. It's just it's one of those things in fantasy where every year, you know, you someone someone posts on Twitter regardless of sport. Like, this is my lineup for this week or, like, look at this. Like, it's like every player on their roster is hurting. It 1 year, it's just gonna be you. Mhmm. Yeah. Well, in a competitive league like that, there's just nobody out there. You know, it's like I in retrospect, I I regret not going a little bit higher for someone like, you know, Dillon Brooks. You know, I'd just be psyched to roster right now given my situation. But other than that, it's like Killian Hayes, you know, Kuminga, Drew Eubanks. Like, these are these are considered the top waiver wire options of the week. So I I think I'm just gonna kinda have to wait it out and and hope those guys come back sooner than later, especially marketing who's been day to day now for, like, 2 weeks. But, did you make any any notable ads, any notable drops across your leagues? I really I really didn't. You know, I didn't I didn't I think the most notable ad that I probably should've tried harder for, but I was a little wary of is Isaiah Hartenstein. He got added for about 10% of the fab budget in my NFBKC league. But, you know, in the past, like, Thibodaux has they like Jeremy, excuse me, Jericho Sims. Yeah. So, like, yes, I think is a must add, but don't be shocked if he ends up playing, like, 26 or 27 minutes a game instead of, like, 33 minutes a game. Yeah. I I agree. They've been pretty hesitant to extend him. I I think he's just not the type of guy who, you know, is that effective once he gets above that 25 minute threshold. So, you know, we we had a question in the chat about this as well as he must add in points leagues. Like, depending on the size of your league, probably just because, I mean, Mitchell Robinson, if, if you haven't seen the news is out what, 8 to 10 weeks. So, you know, if, if Mitchell Robinson was out 1 to 2 weeks, I would say, no, probably not. Don't really bother, but you got a good 2 months here where we, we know for a fact, hard side's gonna see more minutes. It's just a question of how many more. I I still think with how dry the waiver wire is in deeper leagues, he's probably a must add for me. I I I want him. I went and got him in in the road wire staff league, which is 16 teams. I know in the state league, he went for know, that that's a $100, waiver wire budget. I think he went he went for north of 20. I I believe it might have been even higher than that. Let me try to find it. $29. Hartenstein went for that's too rich for my blood. I offered significantly less than that. I I wouldn't put in yeah. I wouldn't give up a third of my bad budget necessarily for Hardenstein. But, again, if you're in a deep competitive league, I I think this is somebody you should you should definitely add. Well, yeah. I will I will mention, you know, in the in the comments here, Christopher Scott says, I think Robinson is droppable. He's out 2 months. There are a lot of leagues where he is droppable. I think if you are in, like, a 10 teams points league, it's completely fine to drop him. Depends who's on your IR. Even in a 10 team category league, I don't hate the idea of dropping him again. Depends who's on your IR if you have IR space. So that's that's a good point to bring up. I you know, when you mentioned you have Robinson, I told you not to drop him, but that's a deeper NFBKC league. And I you I mean, maybe you end up dropping him. I would like to see what you could get without dropping him. Yeah. I'm I'm waiting it out for this week. You know, if I because, you know, Jeremy Grant, Laurie Barkkanen, those guys could be back later in the week. Walker Kessler could even be back, you know, later in the week. So I might get bailed out of this, and I just have to eat it for half of the week, which I could live with. The problem is in a league like that, he's gonna get snapped up, and there's no IR spots, but, like, if you're a good team and you're healthy, why not just add Mitchell Robinson to play keep away. Right? And that's that's what worries me. It's not like I could just go grab him again in 2 months. So there's just there's not a lot out there on the waiver wire in that league, and he's been he's been so valuable for rebounds, especially that I I just I don't feel comfortable right now, but you're right. It it totally depends on the size of your league. What about Derek Jones junior? You know, were were you rushing out to grab him anywhere? I I think he was my highest priority ad in stake. Yeah. I thought about it. Partially, you know, right now, Josh Green is out. Grant Williams is out. Kyrie Irving, is out. It's doesn't really have a timetable right now. I I thought about Derek Jones, to be honest, and I just I couldn't pull the trigger. It was sort of league specific. I didn't feel really strongly about dropping somebody for him. And ultimately, at the end of the day, he's kind of a specialist who I think might be over his head. I think he's all over his skis in terms of, like, his 3 point shooting percentage. And, so I wasn't I wasn't rushing to add him. Yeah. You're definitely right about the 3 point shooting. You would expect that to come around at some point. I mean, is that is that about 40% for the year and he's never shot better than 34%. So chances are that'll regress. I mean, he's 2 of 2 of 9 over his last two games, so maybe that's happening already. But again, in a 16 team league where, you know, waivers are super competitive, I felt like I had to grab them, especially with Josh Green being out for a week. And I think, I, I think there's some longer term viability. I'm not saying I'm gonna hold them and start them every week, the rest of the year. But in in this league specifically, you know, most teams, unless you absolutely nailed the auction, you got probably 2 guys you're starting each week that you don't feel good about. You know? So to me, I I had I had space to play with. You know, I was just kinda I was holding Luke Kennard on IR for a little bit, and I was like, whatever. I'll just I'll put market in there. I'll I'll I'll open up a spot. So it's not like I drop I I it was an easy drop is what I'm saying to add him. And Dallas also plays 4 games in each week for the next 4 weeks. So, you know, pretty much every team except for, like, 5, I think play 4 this coming week, but pretty big schedule advantage for him over the next month. So I don't I don't anticipate him still being on my roster in March. That means he's either playing really well or my team is terrible. But I I do think there's a good 3 or 4 weeks here where he's gonna continue to be viable. I don't think he's a points league guy. He's he's 0.8 fantasy points per minute. Yep. It's just not gonna do it unless he's seeing, like, 39, which he's not. I have actually have a I have a start sick question for you. Can I can I lob your way in a a 16 teamer? Absolutely. Al Horford or Andrew Wiggins? Man. Well, let me let me pull up the the great schedule tool that we have over at rotor wire. Do do both teams that or do both teams have 4 games this week? They both have 4 games. Both teams have a back to back, so I assume Horford's only playing 3. Wiggins is probably gonna play 4. Well, we'll see if he if he can avoid, you slamming his finger in any car doors this week. I mean, that's the number one thing to monitor. Just based on that, I would lean Wiggins. I just want the extra game. You know, even if he only gives you, like, 12 5 in that game, you know, I I think the chances that Horford exceeds that with Porzingis back, probably not great. So I would lean Wiggins. But which way are you leaning? I think I have to do Wiggins even though I don't want to. Yeah. I'm happy to get Anthony Simons back in that league. Let me tell you that much, at least. Yeah. You look great so far. Christopher says if you're in 9th place, you have more to worry about than Robinson. You're not wrong about that. Yeah, I do. I I've like 5 other injuries that are even bigger than Mitchell Robinson, so thank you for that, but you are, you are correct. Yeah. I'm trying to think who else I added this. I mean, again, a lot of them come on the margins. I I picked up Harden Stein in the in the staff league. I went out and grabbed Derek Jones in that league as well, added Isaiah Joe in a few spots, just looking for some threes. And then I I do this probably twice a year, in the state league, but I I did grab a tee and a couple other people bid on. So that that made me feel a little bit better. Yeah. I have in in the keeper league. He is completely fine to have, like, I think a 14 team league on a 4 game week. He's very startable. I'm looking at the added and dropped trends on ESPN right now. We have 3 guys with double digit percentage ads. Bojan Bogdanovic, Kobe White, and Anthony Simons. I'm not sure how much we have to talk about White or Simons. White's been awesome. He he should be agoted literally a 100% of leagues. Bowen is interesting to me. I also think he should be roster in a 100% of leagues given how bad Detroit's playing and the fact that he is their best scorer right now. And Asar Thompson, 11% down, and he has not played more than 21 minutes in 5 games. I saw we had a question about him in the chat earlier. Where are you with Asar Thompson at this point? Yeah. Johnny Tobar said, picked up a man Thompson. What are your thoughts? Yeah. I mean, speaking about Asar first, first of all, I don't have a problem grabbing a man if you're in a deeper league or you have a, you roster spot just because we didn't really see anything out of him early on. Rockets are a crowded depth chart. But, you know, I I think based on what we saw from a star, you'd like to think that he could kinda replicate that. I mean, we we talked about a star last week, Alex, and we've I think we've had 2 more games since then where the minutes have continued to be limited. He's now come off the bench for 4 straight, and even his last start, he only played 21 minutes. You know, if I'm in a a 16 team league, I I wouldn't say I'm comfortable dropping him because he showed enough early on that you always worry about the Pistons rotation just changing on a whim because that's what happens. They've already done it, like, 4 times this season. But I don't know how many more, you know, 4 points, 4 rebounds, 1 steal games you can really stomach. Yeah. I agree. I think I think if you're in a 12, you have to drop him. If you're I mean, if you need the spot, again, you can hold any bugging you want if you don't need the spot. But, yeah. And a 16 teamer, it's it's it is really starting to push it, and I wouldn't blame anybody for dropping him. I think if you're near the bottom of your standings, you have to drop him and try to stream someone else in. It's unfortunate. And for it's as far as a man, I mean, I don't mind grabbing a man, as a flyer, but to start the year, you know, he was barely seeing I mean, he's only seeing 17 minutes a game to start the year, and they're playing so well right now. I don't know exactly who he dislodges for playing time. Yep. Maybe Aaron Holiday, you know, who's been seeing more minutes, but I don't know. He's seen when it's because he's playing well. So it's hard to say. If I'm grabbing a man, it's gotta be a deeper league, and I'm not planning on starting him right away. He should play, by the way, tonight. He's off the injury report. So it'll at least be available. I think that'll tell us a lot right away. Right? You know? Did did they did they even throw him out there? Is he even part of the rotation initially? You know, Houston is home for the spurs so that, yeah, that that actually could play in his favor if that turns into a blowout, one way or the other likely in favor of Houston. We could see him in the second half. And for what it's worth, I mean, he played in the g league last week, 29 points on 26 shots, 16 boards, 11 assists, 3 steals, and 2 blocks in 40 minutes. He's really good, man. I mean, he is supposed to be the better prospect than a SAR. So I think that's why you have to consider picking him up. And like you said, he played really well in the g league. Mhmm. Alright. I still wanna talk more in season tournament. We'll we'll hit that later in the pod, but let's get some questions here. Jordy asks, do I drop scoot Henderson in a 12 team league with 8 categories? I've been pretty pro. You don't need to roster scoot this whole time. You know, there will, I think there will be a time and a place when he's seeing enough minutes, you know, maybe they trade Malcolm Brogdon. You know, he did play 30 minutes against Dallas the other night. That's encouraging. I still, I still don't know quite how much you could read into that. You know, Simon's being back and looking, looking like himself right away. You know, I think that's not gonna help him. And Brogdon obviously did not play against Dallas in their last game. So that's a big part of the reason you saw that minutes boost. You know, 8 category leagues, I feel a little bit better because you don't have to worry about the turnovers. He's been, you know, very high turnovers permitted. You know, the fouls are still an issue for him, which is just doesn't happen to rookie guards. It's very strange. But I like, if your roster exclude Henderson, like, what are you hoping for? Like, what's what's the category that you're like, this is why I need him? Probably assists, I would assume. Right? Assists? I think so. I think so. He's a 4.1 per game in limited minutes. So if if you're, like, desperately need assists, I could see it. He's not giving you consistent steals. You know, the rebounds have been about what you'd expect, and you're you're eating a a pretty bad field goal percentage as well. I mean, on the year, he's down to 34%, and that's Keontae George range. Yeah. I think I think you're bait I think you're almost literally hoping for Keontae George by holding Scoot Henderson. And people have asked, like, should I drop Keontae George for Scoot Henderson? And it's like, I think Scoot Henderson again, it's probably like Scoot Henderson's upside might be Keontae George this season. So, you know, yeah, I I I think you're fine dropping him. Honestly, it's I don't if it's not happening now, maybe it happens later in the year, but at some point, you can't plan for later in the year all the time. I just I don't know. You know, in a 12 team league, is is anybody immediately snatching them up? You know, it's like, I think I think there's a you never wanna play this game. It's a it's, you know, roulette in some ways, but you could probably just pick them up later. Right? I I I don't know. I just I think right now there's just not a whole lot upside. Maybe if you wanna if you wanna wait and see on on Malcolm Brogdon, you know, hopefully we get something a little bit more definitive on him. You know, they're they're saying he's day to day going into tonight's game against the Clippers. They do have a 4 game week, but after that, they they have a 3 game week. So you gotta think about that as well. And I believe it's a it's a 3 game week, the the following week as well. So, you know, if you're using them this week, you could potentially justify it on 4 games, especially if Brogdon misses 2 of those. But after that, you're not starting him on 2 back to back 3 game weeks anyway. So, we probably talk too much about this one, but I I would be comfortable dropping him. All things considered is what would be my final answer. Let's see. Who should I put in my utility spot for the game later tonight? Asar, Aman, or Sohan? Probably Sohan. Right? I think so. You know, I'm not a Sohan guy, but I I think Aman is way too risky right now. Not just Yeah. Just not knowing. Like, again, he might not even play. We don't know. Yeah. Amang is way too risky. Asar hasn't played more than 21 minutes in 5 games, and Sohan came off the bench 2 games ago, but then they put him back in the starting line if he played 34 minutes. Is he playing that well? No. But he's still a good chance he's gonna play 30 minutes, so do that. Yeah. Last 15 games for Sohan, 12 and a half points, 5 boards, 4 assists, really not giving you anything on defense. 46% from the field, 44% from 3, 83 at the line. So he's not he's not killing it, but he's not harming you in any category either. And I think he's gonna give you the highest floor, you know, if that's what you're you're looking for. Paul asks, should I rush and try to move the players on possibly taking teams? This is a good question. Very prescient question. 1 that I've had to deal with. You know, you you're talking about Utah, Portland, Detroit, San Antonio, teams like that. You know, is is there any specific team or rotation that's worried you most so far, Alex? Like, I I wanna say we're early enough on that it shouldn't matter, but I mean, all all those teams I just named have already pulled some hijinx. If they're veterans, I think you have to think about it. Like, if you're if you're rostering Jeremy Grant, like I am, I would maybe try to move off of that. You know, the Jazz have talked about, like, Markkanen maybe is available. I don't know if I would I won't necessarily mind moving off of him. The Wizards guys, I don't know. They're all pretty young, relatively speaking. I wouldn't be as worried about that. I'm always an advocate of moving off of Gordon Hayward in Charlotte. As far as the Pistons go, like, I think you need to squeeze what you can out of Bojan Bogdanovic and then try to move him at a at a sell high point. But if the yeah. The overall question is like, yes, but don't don't take like $0.60 on the dollar. You know, try to get like 80 or $0.90 on the dollar for these guys. Right. And don't yeah. Like you said, don't accept a bad trade. We're still we're, what, 23 games into the season. You know? It's like if if we were at the 60 game mark, yeah, then I think you might you it almost might be to your benefit to accept a lesser deal because you worry about that shutdown coming. I think we also have to keep in mind, and I'll be interested to see how much you think this matters, Alex. Not a great draft. Like, there's not there's not a that teams are shutting it down for. Right? I mean, we have there's, like, 6 guys right now that could be the number one pick. I mean, this might, I think at this juncture right now, this is probably the worst draft since the Anthony Bennett draft. And I'm always up to mind that players emerge. Yeah. We'll we'll feel a lot differently come April, May, June. So I I'm not saying it's just gonna be a terrible draft with no talent, but there's not a prize. And there's not there's certainly not 2 or 3 prizes where, you know, you you're like, oh, great. We got the 3rd pick. That's awesome. We'll just we'll take our pick of the 3 good prospects. Like, as of right now, it's a total crapshoot. Do you think that really matters? Does that affect tanking at all? I mean, I can't I can't really speak to the class. I haven't heard great things about it. You would know more than me. But but like you mentioned, I haven't heard anything great. Does it affect things? Sort of. I mean, there's still because there's still a point where, you know, they flatten the draft odds, but teams are still, I think, gonna jockey to get within that lowest, draft odds, if that makes sense. Like, they wanna get over the threshold. But once they're in that and once they're locked in that, I wouldn't be surprised if they start playing more of their young guys again and, like, don't, like, sort of, like, revert, don't tank at some point. But, yeah, it's not as it may not be as dramatic as in years past. Got offered Julius Randle for the unicorn. Kristaps Porzingis. What are your thoughts? That's an interesting trade. Randall over the past 2 weeks, and I had to double check this, is ranked 14th in 8 cat, after starting the year like complete garbage. Meanwhile, Porzingis is well, Porzingis only played one game, over that stretching on the year, he ranks 40th. Mhmm. You got offered was it you you got offered Randall? Well, I guess it doesn't matter. I believe that was the wording. Yeah. So you'd be giving up KP to get Randall. I I'm fine with having Randall. To me, that's fairly even because Randall is obviously less of an injury risk. He basically never gets hurt, and I think he has top 50 upside this season. He's he's after his really slow start, I think he's he's fine now. And Porzingis is ranked 40th, and I think that's pretty accurate in terms of what I think he'll do the rest of the year. So I think it's it's personal preference, but I'd be fine taking Randall for sure. Yeah. I I want the Randall side of this. You know, we've already seen Porzingis have his first injury of the year. You kinda feel like there's a second one coming at some point. And, yeah, you said it with Randall. 1st 10 games of the year, 34% from the field, 70% from the line, 25% from 3. I mean, it was worst case scenario shooting wise, but he's still you're still giving me counting stats. You know, 18, 10, and 5 every night with a steal. Since that that 10 game start, last 11 games, 51% from the field, 75% at the line, 37% from 3. So maybe he settles somewhere in the middle. I'm not saying he's gonna be 51% the rest of the way. But I I think he's shaken off that start and, you know, the numbers have been fantastic. Just the raw numbers. 25, 9, and 6 over the last 11. He's still playing a ton of minutes. You have the Knicks or team that, you know, you you don't worry about them tanking. You know, they they kinda have to scratch a claw at it to get where they wanna be in the Eastern Conference. And, you know, to me, the the biggest tie breaker is just one guy misses 30 plus games every year. The other guy plays 70 plus every year. So I I would take Randall. Nicholas asks, 14 team 9 cat league. I have Keegan Murray on my IR. Is it worth dropping either Scoot Wiggins or Dinwiddie in order to activate Keegan Murray? Alex, I know you have Dinwiddie too. So how do you feel about him? How do you feel about him with Gam Thomas back? Tragically, I've become the Dinwiddie guy even though, like, I don't even really like Dinwiddie, but I do have him. Yes. But, you know, he's actually been fine with, with Cam Thomas back, which has been interesting. You know, his assists are down a little bit, but and his shooting is always up and down. I I would rather look. Of these 3, I'm definitely not dropping Dinwiddie. I think you're fine to drop either Scoot or Wiggins, and I wouldn't think too hard about which one to drop. It's a 9 cat league. Depends how sensitive you are to turnovers, I guess, and how badly you want assists. I think you so here's here's what I'll say. Unless you have a strong opinion on this, Nick. But what I'll say is just, like, look at your categories. Look at look at how you're doing in each category. What do you want? Do you want assists? Are you low on assists? If so, keep scoot and drop Wiggins. Do you need just points? If so, you know, drop Scoot, keep Wiggins, that kind of a thing. But yeah. Yeah. I think you said it right. The other thing I would consider is field goal percentage. You know? Are you Right. Are you struggling in that category? Is your team shooting, like, 44% for the field? Scoot's not gonna help you there anytime soon. So that, you know, if you're looking for a tie breaker, that's maybe where I would I would check into. Paul asks, should I rush? Oh, no. We already talked about that one. Psych. We got that one as well. Dave asked, got offered Jimmy Butler and Deandre Ayton for Karl Anthony Towns. Should I take it? Interesting 2 for 1 year. Butler and Ayton for Kat. I think I would take that. I think so. I think so. I I I love Kat. I also think we, you know, we saw kind of an extended version of Kat when when Anthony Edwards missed a couple of games. The scoring upside is just not the same when Edwards is there. I mean, obviously, Gobert has just, you know, taken his rebounding back to Utah levels. Like, I think that's hurt towns a little bit in that category. I'm not a big 8 guy. You know? And we we just talked about the risk of, you know, bringing in somebody on a bad team like Portland. I I also don't I I don't know. I have a hard time seeing 8 and getting truly shut down until the very end of the year. Like, it's not a team that, you know, they don't have, like, a I don't know. I don't wanna say the name James Wiseman, but some, like, young center behind it where they wanna get a look at. Like, Aiden is still kind of that guy. Right? He's like, he's he's still young. Like, I think you still wanna see what you have in him. I think this is this is a good enough deal. I mean, Butler and Kat are comparable fantasy players. Right? And I I think Aidan is enough of a sweetener, Even though I prefer Cat over Butler, I would take the 2 side of this one. Yeah. I think that what makes this tough is, like, Cat has been awesome lately. Past month, he's ranked 9th in 8 Cat, and Butler's ranked, like, 40th and Aiden's 90th. Right? So on I think on paper, like, what they're doing right now, it makes it seem like the cat side's a win. But the 2 for 1 is, like, when you're getting guys again, Butler does have sim I think similar upside on a week to week or month to month basis as cat, and 8 has been solid. So, yeah, I think I would take the 2 for 1. We got another Scoot Henderson adjacent question. JJ Styles with a z asks, do I drop Santi Aldama for Hartenstein? Other potential drops would be Scoots or Keontae George. Drop all the. Maybe yeah. Aldama is so weird, man. I I wish I could make sense of Santi Aldama. He he's almost one of the most confounding players in fantasy, but, they need him because their rotation sucks. And, you know, I without knowing exactly what kind of league you're in, I think I would oh, man. I mean, do you have a do you have a strong lead on this? I think you should pick up Hartenstein. I I would worry actually probably the most about dropping Aldama. I don't think I would. We talked about Scoot a lot. I might prefer to drop Scoot, to be honest with you. But Yeah. That's right, Lee and as well. I'm I'm also not the biggest George guy. I I I mean, the minutes are gonna be there with him, so that scares me. But, again, field goal percentage is terrible. High turnovers. I I would want Hartstein. The thing with Aldama, it's like, does does and Marcus Smart returning in the next week or 2? Does that matter for him at all? Obviously, no positional overlap, but just adding 2 guys into the rotation who are gonna play 30 to 35 minutes. I don't know because if anything, I think that's just like I mean, I'm looking at their minutes over the last 5 games. David Roddy is playing 25 minutes. Jalen Noel, who's on a 10 day, is playing 25 minutes. Vince Williams is 24 minutes. Like, these guys don't these guys are not NBA players. Like, they should not be in an NBA rotation for a good team. So I would be more more worried about those guys losing minutes. I think Aldama is relatively safe. They they should be getting Jake LaRavia back this week as well. So that might be a more, you know, one to 1 comparison. He he was playing about 15 minutes a game. I mean, it was, like, 1 week, and then he got hurt. So tough to say. But, yeah, in in general, I would say try to so what what what are we agreeing on? Keith Hartenstein and Keith Aldama? Yeah. I think yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Another Hartenstein follow-up. Do you add him in a 10 team category league? I think you have to add him and then just see what happens. Yeah. But again, so to for reference, last year, he started how many games is this? 8? He started 8 games last year and only played 24 minutes a game in those starts, and was averaging 6, 7, and 1 with, like, a steal and a half, a a stock and a half. So some of this depends on, again, how much do they how much does Tibbs wanna play Jericho Sims? How much you know, how many minutes? Because, you know, New York has this, they have this backcourt log jam. Right? Like, we've heard we've heard Grimes complaining about his role. We've heard, Josh Harkin playing about not getting enough touches. You know, my concern would be either Sims gets those minutes or they start playing Julius Randle at backup center so they can more minutes for Hart and or more minutes for DiVincenzo, more minutes for Quickley, more minutes for, like, the backcourt. I still think you add Hartenstein just to see because we know he's like a permanent monster, but don't don't drop, like, a known 10 lead 10 team commodity for him. Don't do that. If there's a fringe guy, sure. Yeah. The other thing I'll say about Hartenstein is a lot of the reason that we liked him during his Clippers days was he was a very good passer, you know, 2 and a half assists in, like, 17 minutes a game. The assist rate is way down. So it's coming to New York. Right? I mean, it's down, like, 5 percentage points. He's basically cut his assist production in half the last 2 years in about the same minute load. And I think that's just by virtue of, you know, playing it with Randall, Barrett, Brunson, Hart. Like, you you just got other options quickly. Yeah. They're they don't really they don't run things through him. Right? Not that the Clippers necessarily were, but, you know, the assists were a big part of his staff profile. And it was always like, man, if you could play 30 minutes, you know, you might be 4 assists a game on top of a block and, you know, 0.8 steals and 10 points to 10 boards. But, yeah, the assists just aren't really aren't really there for him. So I would stop stop short of saying he's a must add in a 10 team league. But if you have the roster spot, like if you're the guy who lost Mitchell Robinson, then yeah. Absolutely. Yep. Alright. Long one here from Johnny. Should I drop Jeremy Sohan in a 10 team 9 cat league? I have Halliburton, Deshontae Murray, Rozier, Kate Cunningham, D'Angelo Russell, Jimmy Butler, Kuzma, Herb Jones, Sadik Bey, Ahmen Thompson, Derek Lively, Brook Lopez, Porzingis, Anthony Davis, Mark Williams. So it's basically it it it's so hot to drop out of all those guys. I think our men is the drop personally. Yeah. In in a 10 team league, you don't really need to be rostering a men. You know, I don't, I guess, like, what are the chances that 2 weeks from now, we're like, oh man, we gave some really bad advice. Like he's, he's playing a ton of minutes. Like, I don't know. I I think I think Houston, there needs to be an injury or they need to take a downturn because I I think they're pretty happy with where they're at. And I I don't know that playing a rookie 25 plus minutes a night is gonna get them where they want. Yeah. I mean yeah. Another thing with that man too, even if he does see let's say, a man sees 28 minutes a game, you know, because they like him. The ball is still gonna be in Fred VanVleet's hands. Jalen Green's gonna get his touch as Shangoon. Like, the usage might not necessarily be there. Maybe it'll be a steals and blocks guy. He's gonna give it a system transition, all that stuff. But, you know, Sohan, I think, is a a lot as a lot higher floor. Yeah. And, you know, Jayshawn, Tate is is in the mix for this team as well. Like, he's still getting 15 minutes a night off the bench. Like, yeah, I I think it says a lot that even with the men Thompson out for a month and a half, like, Cam Whitmore didn't sniff the rotation. You know, a guy who looked really good in summer league and obviously has a pedigree. So, you know, a man Thompson has an even bigger draft pedigree. They have an investment in him. I'm not saying that he's just gonna sit in the g league all year. Like, that's not gonna happen, but I don't I I think there's a there's a a big gap between showing some flashes now and then and, you know, being fantasy viable in a a 10 or a 12 team league. Yousef says, hi, guys. What's up, Yousef? I got an offer. Butler, Ayton, PJ Washington for McCall Bridges, Derek Lively, and Austin Reeves, 12 team, 9 category league. What's what's with the Butler and Ayton packages? It's our second second one of the, everyone's trying to move off of those guys. I think I prefer the Butler, Ayton, PJ's side, but, yeah, I would Yeah. I think I want that side of it. You know, as always, depends what you need. McCall Bridges has heated up lately. Yeah. That's certainly somebody I want on my teams, but I think, you know, McCall, Butler, and Eaton are pretty clearly the 3 best fantasy players in the deal. So if you can get 2 of those, that's fine with me. And, you know, Butler and and Bridges are pretty comparable. Yeah. The to me, this one feels like assess your roster. Like, why are you doing this trade? Like, why would you are you do you need 2 big men? You know? Because you're basically giving up a forward and a guard and a big man for 2 players who should qualify 3 players who should qualify it forward. So sort of assess your roster needs there. Okay. We have a request to just talk about TJ McConnell. No sweat says, I just love that dude with a a little smiley face emoji. Look. I'm still holding him in the stake league. I I I've tried to drop him 3 weeks in a row, and with the way that the waivers waterfalls has fallen, he's still on my roster. I you know, there's always like a week or 2 throughout the season where it feels like everybody rosters him. You you try to capitalize on the steals, you know, like, whenever whenever Halberns out, which is not gonna be very often, you know, he's gonna have a chance to to be, like, you know, 15, 7, and 7 because he he gets you the assist. He rebounds very well for his size. And and obviously, the steals are are the main thing. I I don't really like TJ McConnell just because he was on that Arizona team that Wisconsin played 2 years in a row. Both years, they went to the final 4. Won both of those games, but I developed a hatred for basically everybody on that Arizona team. But with that said, I I respect him. I mean, the fact that he's hung around this long in the NBA and is a guy that every team would want, you know, I can't say I have too much against him. He's a very good player. Always makes his presence felt on the court for sure. Very good passer. Good hands on defense. Yep. Yeah. You mentioned it. In a 16 team league, he is hard to drop because if Halliburton does get injured for 2 weeks, McConnell's gonna put up like top 60 numbers for sure. Board today, realistic expectations for Hartenstein. I think we covered that. Thank you for the question. Either way, talked a lot about Hartenstein. Know, I think we cited a lot of the numbers from last year, assists being down. Just no guarantee, you know, that he's a a 30 minute guy. Somewhat related question here, and we'll we'll do this one quickly because we've talked about both these guys a ton. Someone just dropped Mitchell Robinson, something I need to consider. Do you think it's worth picking him up and dropping Scoot to do so? That's a really interesting question. We'll assume there's an IR spot. Yeah. I mean, Robinson this year is he's playing well, but he's ranked, like, 116 Mhmm. On the whole year. So, I mean, it would be fine to do that, but, let me ask you this. Can you can you wait 2 or 3 weeks, or is there a fear that somebody else grabs him? I think someone else might grab him. That spot for a couple weeks? Yeah. I again, always, you know, 14 team league. I think somebody probably grabs him. Right? I mean, if if he was dropped in the stake league, would you pick him up today? If he was dropped in the stake league in a 16 team league With an IR spot. Yeah. I think I would, but my team is I might be a bad person to ask because I built this really balanced team. So, I don't I don't have, like, a clear drop for him. Although I could drop Wiggins for him. I would do that probably. So I guess if you view Wiggins and Scoot equally, which I think we maybe talked about on a previous question, then, it's probably fine to drop Scoot for for Robinson, but I don't think it's like a league winning move or league losing move either way. Thoughts on Harrison Bard's rest of season, 16 team, 9 category league. I would tell him, and Harrison Bard has gotta be rostered in just about every 16 team league. Yeah. Yeah. He's 2. He yeah. Exactly. In a 12 teamer, he's a streamer and a 14 teamer, maybe a streamer, 16 team. You have to roster him. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, even even if he's kinda not somebody you're excited to start 4 game week, he's gonna give you, you know, 13 points, 4 or 5 boards. Yeah, you hope maybe a steal, couple of threes. Like you he's become like the super streaky player. Like he'll have, he'll have weeks where, you know, earlier in November, you know, know, he had a 5 game run where he was, like, close to 20 points per game. He's raining in a bunch of threes. He's getting to the line. And, you know, then the next night, he'll take 3 shots in 34 minutes like he did against New Orleans, in the end season tournament. So, you know, it's it's it's gonna be a little bit back and forth with Harrison Barnes, but, yeah, 16 team league. You gotta have them. Just as we speak, Johnny says, I got offered Klay Thompson and Myles Turner for Dejounte Murray and Kristaps Porzingis. I'm not a fan of this trade offer, but I'd like to hear your thoughts. Don't do that. Absolutely do not do that. Klay Thompson might be he could you could drop Klay Thompson. I mean, like, they're they're in a 10 team league, you don't even have to roster Klay Thompson. So you're basically being traded Turner for Desante Murray and KP? No. That's a awful trade offer. Alright. Marvin Osai says, I'm playing a 12 team category league. I got offered Giannis for Sabonis, LaMelo, and Kawhi. Do I do it? LOL. No. Absolutely. Not a cat league. And, you know, obviously you're waiting for the Kauai injury. Lamello's out. Who knows how long in a category league? I wouldn't do it. I mean, Giannis is a monster, but we we know about the pitfalls there. Would you do this in a points leak? No. No. Me neither. That's too much. Too much. Don't do that. If if if somebody if you're on the other side of this and somebody's offering you that trade, then, yes, do it. Is Malcolm Brogdon a drop 12 team category league? For context, Brogdon missed the last game. He's kind of day to day. I I still probably wouldn't drop him in a 12 teamer in I don't even know if I would do it in, like, a 4 I mean, 10 team league, maybe. Maybe. I don't know. I I I still wouldn't drop him. I mean, maybe, but he I mean, he's ranked 1 thirteenth right now. He's averaging 1.1 fantasy points per minute. Like, that's like a 10 team guy. No. Don't drop him, but sell high when he comes back and plays well. I've we we always preach sell high on Malcolm Brockton. I will stick to that. Yeah. Now's not the time. Henry, appreciate the super chat, by the way. That was, you know, part of the the Hartenstein question. Happy to help there. Hopefully, we we gave you some actionable advice. Let's see. We talked about the tanking teams. I traded Jaren Jackson junior for Rudy Gobert. Uh-oh. Will I regret this trade later in the season? Very good question. You might. You also might not. Yes. These are the two options. Look. I don't blame you for that. I I think Nick Nick and I talked about last week how I think he's I think Triple j is going to start playing better offensively when Jaw's back. I I think it's too easy for defenses to focus on on Jaren Jackson right now, which is part of why I think he's struggling offensively. I think that will get better. He's also blocked a fair amount of shots lately too. I don't think let's put it this way. You might regret it. I don't think you're losing your league because of it, if that makes sense. Like, I don't I don't think you would be like, you might you might have won the league, and now you're taking, like, 4th. I don't think it's one of those situations. I I do think part part of the question is like, alright, let's start it from today. Who who plays better the rest of the season? I still would put my money on Jaren Jackson. Like, I wanna see him with John Morant and, you know, this whole theory that not having John for 25 games, like, you know, Jaren Jackson's gonna be going crazy. He's like the code number 1 with Desmond Bane. I think we were reminded that Jaren Jackson is just not a premier offensive player. Like, that was clear, like, a weekend of the season. He has been much better of late. I I will say that as someone who has him on on a couple pretty important teams, like, I I've always, you know, he's he's somebody I'm monitoring as closely as anybody. And, you know, he scored a lot better of late, you know, a few over his last 10 games. And this includes a a 4 point game, against Dallas when they they just got, or he had 5 fouls and, like, barely played. He's still he's averaged 25 and and 2 blocks. You know, the field goal percentage to me is the biggest killer though in category leagues. You know, he's never been like a great field goal percentage guy by center standards, but he's at 51% last year. He's at 43% this season. Part of that is a 3 point shooting being down, and you can live with that if he's giving you 3 blocks a game. If it's only 1.5 to 1.8, that that feels like it stands out a lot more. Yeah. I think, I understand why both people did that trade. So, we'll see. Let's get this can be interesting. Well, I mean, Gobert's been a monster, by the way. This has been, like, one of my very few, like, early season victory laps is that I I got Gobert in a ton of leagues because nobody wanted him. I got him I think I got him for, like, $7 or something in the stake league after buying him for, like, $20 a year ago. That that's looking pretty good. You know, the he had, like, a 6 block game the other night. The blocks have still not been I don't think he's ever getting back to Utah level in that regard, but just, you know, the scoring's been better. The efficiency's been better, and the rebounds especially have been huge for Gobert. Were you, are are you surprised by what you've seen from him so far? Yeah. I'm I'm relatively surprised. I don't think I'm rostering him anywhere, so I suppose I was I was a little bit in the group where I wasn't assuming a huge bounce back. I was certainly willing to draft him at a discount, but it just never happened. But, yeah, he looks amazing. Jose asked, he got Jokic in a category league. That's good. We always like that. But did he give up too much out? He got him for Anthony Edwards, Jaren Jackson, and Jordan Poole. Oh, look. Poole has been so bad. I almost don't even wanna, like, register him as part of the trade. Man, is it fair? I think it is fair. Because if we are assuming Jaren Jackson plays a little better, maybe he's more like a 30 or 48th ranked guy. Ant Man's like a 25 to 30 guy. Jokic is amazing. It's it's really hard for me to to, like, value 3 for 1 trades like this, but my gut tells me it's relatively fair for both sides. I I think when you factor in that you have to overpay for Jokic, it it becomes more palatable. Like, to me, you know, Edwards plus Jaren Jackson, you're like, man, that's a lot, but there's there's a tax on Jokic. You know, it's like you can't you almost can't trade for Jokic or, you know, Embiid or SGA. I think Albert's almost reaching that point as well. Yep. Like, you have to you have to overwhelm somebody if you want that guy in a trade. So considering that you had to do that and, you know, you're almost never going to get truly fair value for a player like that, you know, it's it's kinda mirrors the real NBA in some ways. Right? When you see these, like, 4 future draft picks and 2 young players, it's like, if you if you want one of those guys, you gotta pay up. So I I don't think you tank your season there. And, you know, Jokic just had, like, the worst week of his his fantasy career, and he's still, you know, obviously a a god. So, yeah, I I think it'd be alright there. I think the only thing that would hurt you is if Jaren Jackson goes back to being the guy that he was last year. You know, maybe you maybe you would regret it, but I don't I don't think it's gonna change the direction of your season. Would you bench giddy or Monk for today in a points league? Monk has a GTD tag. I would just wait if you can. I mean, we don't sound like we have no game starting until 6 o'clock, obviously. OKC plays at 8 PM EST, and Monk plays at 10 PM EST. So I guess you have to I would just wait until you have a a status update on Monk. I would rather play him than Getty at this point. You know, Monk is kinda is kinda in that Jordan Clarkson mode now where, like, the points are reliable. He's giving you some assists. He'll get some steals, some threes. And giddy, man, I I'm glad we could just talk about him, the basketball player. It just seems like nothing's gonna happen at least for now, with with all the off the court stuff. What do you think with him? I mean, the minutes have been a little concerning of, like, he's still starting every night, but he's under 25 minutes a game over the last 10. You know, he's still, like, producing relatively speaking within his minutes, But yeah. I mean, the way Houston guarded him that other that that game, where they put Shangoon on him and they just dropped off of him and pretend that he didn't exist. I think I think other teams are gonna start doing that because Oklahoma City is a legitimate, a good basketball team, and people have to start game planning against them, obviously. You know, I I for tonight, I wouldn't necessarily mind playing Giddey because they played the trash Utah Jazz, and, Monk is ill. So it's possible he he's not feeling a 100%. Brooklyn's better than Utah. It's a tougher matchup. So I think tonight, I wouldn't mind Giddey. But going forward, I assume you'll probably wanna play Monk more. Monk's playing really well right now. Yeah. If it's just for tonight, maybe lean giddy. If you have to lock it in for the week, I would I would still probably lean Monk. Dynasty question. 12 team head to head category, dynasty league. Should I trade Aaron Gordon for Draymond Green or Brook Lopez? If you're making that trade, you're probably trying to go go in this season. I mean, Lopez is 35. Draymond's 34. Gordon's 28. I don't know if I really want Draymond right now. Warriors are just not really a good basketball team at this point, and, you know, his fantasy value has dropped off quite a bit the last few years. Lopez has been awesome. You know, if you if you're trying to push for it this year, I think that's that's the guy I would try to get. I I would absolutely trade Aaron Gorgon for Brook Lopez. Honestly, I won't even think. I would just do it because Okay. Gordon is a borderline 12 team roster bowl player flat out. Like and I don't think he's getting any better throughout his career. He's pretty locked into his role, and we've seen what Lopez's upside is like. I wouldn't worry about the ages here. I would just do it. Okay. Fun one from Skeeter. Twelve team, 9 category league. He asked us to pick a side. Halliburton and Barrett or Maxey and Garland? Maxey and Garland. Yep. Yeah. I don't think Barrett's a must roster player. I I think the question is, is Haliburton that much better than Maxey that it makes it more of a debate? That that is the question. But if you're talking about 2 guys who are, like, top 40 upside and Maxey has, like, top 25 upside, if not higher, then I I would just rather have those 2 guys. Yeah. Yeah. I feel I feel like Garland has become a little underrated. Like, there's been no no Darius Garland talk this year. You know, the Cavs were this fun team last season up and coming, and, you know, they're they're fine. They're kinda doing what they were last year in some ways. But I feel like we barely even talked about Donovan Mitchell. He's he's been a top ten player so far this season. Garland barely inside the top 50 right now in 8 cat. I I I still I would be buying him right now rather than trying to sell. Yeah. I think I think so. I think an important thing to note with these, you know, with the, these 2 for 1 well, not 2 for 1 trades, but, like, still it is category leagues and rankings matter to an extent, but really what we're still talking about is, like, adding up numbers. Like, you're with Halliburton, you're trading, you know, you're trading 25 points and 12 assists. And with Garland, you're getting back, like, 20 points and 8 assists. And then with Maxey, you're also getting back, like, you know, 25 points. And so, like, it still is like a numbers game at the end of the day. And so you're you're getting just a a ton of extra points and assists with Maxey and Garland. And, yeah. So I would I would just lean that. We can do this one quickly. Hold Wiggins points league. I don't know. Probably not. Probably not necessary. I just I I actually was a sucker and thought that Wiggins would be a value this year because he was going so late. I think I thought I thought, you know, people are reading into the end of last year. He had that weird we still don't really know what was fully going on off the court, missed all that time, but he's he's been a shell of himself. And there was that ESPN story a couple weeks ago that said, you know, people within the warriors are frustrated at his lack of conditioning. Like, that's that's kind of a red flag. Like, Wiggins is that's never been something that you question with him. And, yeah, this this warriors team, I'm not writing them off. You can't you can't write off the warriors, but it's just, yeah, not not good vibes right now. And and we get certainly isn't helping. Let's see. Who should I consider picking up? Jaime Hawkes junior, the real triple j or Caleb Martin? Very interesting question. I I don't know if there's an answer here because the heat are just constantly influx with this rotation. Caleb Martin's been awesome. I already regret not I I think I fell a dollar short of getting him in in stake last week in on waivers. You know, he's he's he's kinda looking like he wasn't in the finals last year. I mean, I I don't think we're ever gonna get back to to that level, but last 6 games for him, 18 points, 5 and a half boards, 3 assists, one combined steel block, you know, shooting well from 3. Am I wrong to still kinda want Aakas? I don't the the question is, like, who has more staying power? Right? Because I I think I think the fantasy rank and the the value is gonna be pretty comparable. It's just who's playing 28 minutes versus who's playing 20 minutes? I'm with you. I think if they played an even amount of minutes for the rest of the year, that hakaas would be better. Hakaas ranks better from a per minute standpoint, so note that. Mhmm. Part of me yeah. Part of me does want hakaas. I but Caleb Martin has played well lately. I wish I could I wish I could waffle waiver less, but I think I would lean hakaas. Okay. I don't love it, though. It's it's a close one. It's a close one. Yeah. It's close. Is Trey Jones a pickup now that Sohan is no longer the starting point guard? You know, I mean, so so I started the last game. I don't think I don't think we could say he's no longer the starter. You know, the Spurs are just kind of a weird team right now, and, you know, everything could could kind of change on a whim. I, I don't know. I I I have been of the belief that Trey Jones is the better point guard for this team. I think, you know, I think the Wenminama thing is like he would just clearly benefit from playing with a true point guard. And I think doing the Sohan experiment along with trying to develop weapon Yama is just a really tough combination. So let's just put it this way. If you were if you had to roster 1 of these 2 guys for the next month, who would you rather who would you rather have? I think I think I would rather have Zohan, maybe. I don't know, actually. I think I'd take Trey Jones. I just, I'm not a so on guy. I can't do it. I don't know. I mean, just in the framework of this question, I, Trey Jones, I think is a soft ad. I think he is a 16 team roster player and probably has been almost all year, to be honest with you, just from, like, an upside standpoint. Mhmm. And I would consider him like a soft add of a 14 team league. Yeah. Mhmm. Okay. Good question from Cordell. I was hoping we would address this today. He says I'm 6 and 1. I've managed to keep Russell Westbrook at the bottom of my roster. Do I drop or hold? How long can the big three remain healthy in LA? That's a big question. Right? Because I think if you if you take health out of the equation, I'm pretty comfortable dropping Westbrook. You know, I know he's blocked some shots lately. That's nice, but the assists are way, way down. The minutes obviously are way down. He's played under 20 in 3 straight. I I would lean toward drop here, but again, you know, if I I'm not really worried about Harden getting hurt, like, you know, for as for as much as we accuse him of being out of shape, he actually has not really missed a whole lot of time. He had the hamstring, but that was about it. I I guess, you know, if Paul George or Kawhi Leonard go down, how much does that directly impact Russell Westbrook? I think it does. I think he would get more minutes, but they could also try to throw more minutes the way of, like, Terrence Mann and Norman Powell. And who knows about Bones Hyland? Maybe he gets back in. It's funny. At first, I read this question, guys. I'm 6 foot 1, and I'm like, oh, is this like a real basketball question? Like, should you should you work on your post game? No. Probably I mean, maybe if you're playing pickup at the y. Well, I will say if you if you wanna report, you know, like the pod, you wanna you wanna give your height and weight with each question, that's totally fine. You know, if you wanna do an NBA comp, we're good with that. In a points league, I'm actually okay holding because his points fantasy points per minute are still pretty high. And since he started coming off the bench, he's actually still averaging 25 points, Fantasy points per game, which to me is like a you can have that guy on your bench, maybe in a 12 team or a 10 team where it's borderline. In a category league, I think he's probably a hold in, like I'm okay holding him in 14 team leagues. Honestly, I am just for that upside, but, deeper than that, I think you're probably gonna get similar value streaming. Just don't be shocked if someone picks them up and you drop them a 16 teamer because people love Westbrook. Alright. We're we're at we're past the 1 hour mark. So we'll we'll do a few more of these. We'll try to go quickly, and then we'll be out of here. Good question though. It's a it's a fun trade question. Would you do Fox and Brogdon for Trae Young? Fox and Brogdon for Trae. Wow. Yeah. Because the Brogdon, you know, we always talk about selling high on Brogdon And, this would be this would be the one. He's just playing so well right now. It's like he I'm okay with this trade. I'm okay I'm okay getting Trae Young. I will say in 9 cat, Fox actually ranks ahead of Trae Young. The turnovers flip it. Interesting. So something to note, you know, to kinda depends how you're doing in that category. Trae is at 3.8 turnovers per game. Fox is at 2.3. It's pretty sizable difference. Yeah. I this this ultimately, you know, these trade questions are hard a lot because Yeah. It kinda depends on your league settings. Mhmm. You know, Trae Young is 48 Fantasy points per game, and I'm checking on Fox right now. 49 Fantasy points per game. Yeah. So if you're in a points league, don't do this. You'll keep Fox in Brockton. If you're in an 8 cat or don't care about turnovers, I'm okay with it. But Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think the other the other big comparison is field are, free throw percentage. You know, Trae Young, great free throw shooter gets a gets a line of ton, Doctor. Fox 73%. But in general, I think I prefer if you're if we're just kind of taking league settings out of it, in general, I like Trae Young over Darren Fox. Alright. Would you trade healed, Jabari Smith, and Asar Thompson for Anthony Simons, Cole Anthony, and Bruce Brown? This is well, yeah. Anthony if this if this is Anthony Simons, you have to do it because I think Anthony Simons' projections like a top 50 player. Right? Yeah. I think so. Yeah. I mean, I think we have to consider a SAR just kind of a a fringe asset right now. I actually I actually like Jabari Smith. I don't mind buying him right now. Cole Anthony will see. I mean, the full sync is very concerning. I mean, there's no timetable tendonitis, who knows? And, you know, I think jail Suggs dodged a major injury. Thankfully, I thought that looked that looked so bad. I thought that was gonna be a season ender, to be honest. So that's something to consider with Anthony. But, yeah, I I I would just kind of blindly take the Simon side of this as much as I love rostering buddy yield. If I put in points, Gobert or Jaren Jackson. If you're punting points, you probably wanna lean Gobert. Right? I guess. I mean, field goal percentage, massive edge to go bear rebounding, huge edge to go bear. Shop blocking has been comparable. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. Yeah. I mean, it depends on if you care about threes, I guess, but it's not like Jeremy Jackson's lightening up there either. All right. Let's see. Again, we'll try to go quickly here. So this is a follow-up to the question about, you know, the, the Jokic trade says he also has SGA and Paul George. That's why I gave up that much for Jokic. I'm in 2nd place in a 12 team cat league. Do you think I could win it with those 3? I unless the rest of your roster is a disaster. Yeah. I mean, you got 2 of the top 3 guys. Yeah. You should you should be able to, you again, your roster is gonna be thin now, obviously that you try to get some of those guys, just stay active on the waiver wire stream a lock, get those 4 game weeks in, just be really active. Like I think you'll be fine. We'll try to sum up this question quickly. OKC has 3 games this week and next week after today. This was with regard to, you know, giddy versus monk for, for just kind of a one game slot. Should I drop giddy and use that spot for streaming, kind of taking OKC's schedule into account 10 team league? 10 team Yahoo Points League, I am okay with dropping Giddey. I'm okay with it. But I at the same time, if you were to ask, like, let's say Josh Giddey was on your waiver wire, and you were like, should I pick up Josh Giddey to stream? I'd be like, yeah. Sure. So is he fine to drop? Yes. But is he fine to keep also? Yes. I mean, he's, you know, he's like a a fantasy point per man, and he's playing 25, minutes per game lately. Mhmm. That's just a very back end roster guy. Alright. And this is another callback to the it was Haliburton and Barrett for Maxey and Garland. He says, how about Halberton and Kobe White or Vassell or Jalen Williams instead for Maxey and Garland? In a category league, I think I still might rather give up Barrett. I mean, Vassell, I'm not, like, the biggest fan of I don't know. I don't know. What do you think? Are are you still on the Maxie Garland side regardless? I probably am on the Maxie Garland side, but Haliburton and Kobe White is at least I I think Haliburton and Kobe White for Maxie and Garland is the fairest offer. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Dante Exum, thoughts? Just a open ended question. You're you're on Dante Exum. Just wax poetic on XM. Yeah. I mean, with with Kyrie Irving out, Yeah. I mean, he you know, 7 assists in back to back games. Look, I there is a reason he was not in the NBA. Let's put it that way. I think he's an interesting ad to see if the assist can stick and we know he's a good defender as well. The steel numbers haven't really reflected that, but he is a good defender. Don't expect the scoring to continue. That's not who Dante Xima is. That's why he flamed out of the league is because he couldn't score. Yeah. His previous start, 5 points on 2 of 9 shooting next game, 23 on 9 to 15. So, without having a timetable for Kyrie, it's a little bit tough to say. You know, heel contusion, we we haven't really received anything on that yet. Deeply, yeah, maybe maybe grab them, but be be very cautious and be prepared to drop them again. Alright. This is a good one to end on. Can you please rate these teams? Pistons, Spurs, Wizards, Blazers. Let's do that. The most disastrous to the least disastrous. Most disastrous to the least disastrous. I think the most disastrous team is the Pistons. It's gotta be the Pistons. It's gotta be because they have Kidd Cunningham and, you know, they have, like, they have, like, actual stuff to be worried about. Like, is Kade happy? The Wizards, for example, are like, well, yeah, we suck, but, like, who are we trying to keep happy? We told you we were gonna suck. Yeah. We told you. Yeah. Exactly. Everybody knew we were gonna suck. So, like, Yeah. Pistons is the most disaster. And then I think, honestly, the the rest is kinda I Spurs, I don't know. Do you have a do you have a preference between these teams? I mean, the Spurs at least have Wembley, so they're like, that's great. So maybe they are the least disastrous by default. Yeah. I mean, the Spurs are like the the o three Cavs. They're they're living life, man. 1, one looks great. I, I, I think they're, they're the least disastrous and like, I still like a lot of the pieces in Portland, honestly. I mean, obviously scoot looking terrible so far is a, is a glaring minus, but they have maneuverability. Right? I mean, not only do you have do you have picks, you know, as as part of the game trade, you have Brogdon to flip. You have a young guy in Aiden who still has plenty of value. You know, Simons looks awesome. Sharp looks like a hit. Yeah. They they've even some of these random, like, plug and play guys, if I've looked okay for them, I I'm I'm still pro blazers. And this is another team that didn't like, what makes the Pistons one, they're terrible and they're the worst team in the league. What makes them the most disastrous is they they're not trying to be this bad. Like, I I I think they probably knew they weren't, you know, they weren't winning the finals. They weren't making the playoffs, but I think the pistons coming into the year thought that they could push for, like, 35 wins. And now they're pushing for, like, 11 wins. Yeah. I think so I think I think my final answer in terms of disaster rating, this is number 1, Wizards number 2, Blazers number 3, Spurs number 4. Even though the Blazers look more competent than the Spurs, the Spurs have went by Yama, and that kind of trumps it. Okay. We we do have one that just snuck in, under the wire here. Henry says, I'm regretting majorly trading Kobe White for Jordan Poole a few weeks ago. Is Poole now a drop? 10 team league. Can he turn it around? He's in 5th place for what it's worth. Yeah. Not, not a good trade. Sorry, dude. I mean, you know, the, the Levine situation, you know, I don't think anybody saw him. He's basically shut down. Like I, I think he might have played his last game as a bowl, so you couldn't, you couldn't have necessarily seen that coming. And at the time, you know, buying low and Jordan pool, whatever, not the end of the world. The question is, is he a drop in a 10 team league? First of all, I will say I this is a very understandable trade. I think a lot of people would have made this trade. Yeah. Is he a drop? I would hold him, but I would hate it every day. I mean, the scoring has at least come back a little bit. Right? La last 8 games, he's at almost 20 points per game over 40% from the field. We'll take it 42%. 3 point shooting, still disastrous. That's really what's holding him back. Still not getting to the line a ton, but he's he's been getting there a little bit more lately. I mean, he had he's had a couple of, like, 9 free throw games over the last couple of weeks. You know? We'll see if that continues. I don't I don't think it's gonna be any worse for pool. I'll say that. Yeah. I I think, you know, it's not like the wizards have any other options. Right? I think is, you know, the 1st 3 weeks of the year are going to be as bad as it could be. So, you know, it always depends who's out there. And before you drop somebody like pool, always try to trade them. Just try like get get somebody back. Like, I wouldn't just straight up, especially in a 10 team league. There's somebody will probably take them. Yeah. Maybe you can sort of, yeah, flip him. But pool pool needs, like he needs some sort of exorcism is not the right word. He needs to, like, go do, like, an Ayahuasca trip or something and, like, come back a new man. I actually think exorcism might be the right word. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I just drink him first. I will keep him. But yeah. Last note here. I just got an alert that the Los Angeles ray Lakers will raise an in season tournament championship banner inside the crypto arena this season. So, get ready for that, but that's a good note to end on. Appreciate all the questions, guys. You guys make this a really fun pod to do. We look forward to this every Monday. Great questions as always. And frankly, frankly, the questions get better and better as the year goes along. So, please like subscribe to the YouTube channel. Tell your friends we're trying to grow that thing as much as we can. Check out the the archived audio version as well on Spotify or Apple Podcasts, wherever you get your pods. Give us a follow on Twitter as well. You you see them on the screen here. But thank you again, and we'll talk more about the NCAA tournament, some changes, that we wanna see in the future. We'll hit that on Wednesday when I'm back with with Brandon Kravitz. We'll be doing a little bit of a head to head. Who would you rather roster the rest of the season as well? So you could tune into that, 10:30 AM EST on Wednesday. Alex, you'll be back with Ken and Shannon for the weekly waiver episode on Friday. Good chatting with you as always, and, talk soon.