Hey, everybody. Doctor a here with the k train, the legend, Ken Crites. This is the Tuesday, April 2nd, RotoWire Basketball podcast. Ken, I I cut off your your whistle. Please blow the whistle. You're a kind soul for letting me know. It drives Wailing crazy. He hates the whistle. If there's one thing I should have learned this year doing this with you 8 times or however many did it, Like, don't mess with the k train and his whistle. Like, nobody no. But he sent me this a fan sent me this whistle. I had a small whistle, and, like, a local carpenter was like, that's not a whistle. I'm sending you a whistle, and he sent me this massive anyway. I love that. Topic. Thank you. Thank you. I love that whistle. You're So we're diving right in. San Antonio. Devin Vassell, done for the years. Jeremy Sohan, done for the year. Are you worried about Wembley? Like, why are they gonna keep playing Wembley? Right? Well, those dudes are actually hurt. Right. I understand. But I know you're always on the Wembley watch because you've got a championship squad. We are in we are in week 2 of our matchup in a 3 week showdown in my 30 team league. I've got Wimby out there. I couldn't rely on Rishon Holmes after what he did to me last week, so I've got Chedi Osman out there. Yeah. I've yeah. His minutes should climb. I've got Zach Collins out there. They're all playing tonight supposedly. Right. Yeah. I I just pray that Wimby is playing. Can I rely on Chetty Osman? You know, is Chetty Osman gonna help me win a 30 team league? Well, my assumption is a 30 team league. I'm gonna who's available. Right? But, the minute should be there with them. As you mentioned, with real injuries to Sohan and and Vasil, gosh. Somebody's gotta play. And, you know, he's he's not part of their future. If he rolls his ankle or whatever, I don't think they really care, which I guess is a good thing. I guess Branham might be the biggest, but, yeah, they're playing champagne. Yeah. He might. He might. Silly season, baby. I don't know. I I know I survived last week with a 5 four win with only, like, 3 minutes out of Reshaun Holmes. So and Shady played good in his last game. He gotta start. He shoots. He's not shy. Right? Like, he gets the ball. He'll shoot. He hit triples. Yeah. I just threw him out there. So, anyway, if, if you're in a deep league and you're looking for a warm body this week, Chetty might be a guy to throw him in there tonight and see what happens. Dull wins the you know, going dull with guys who just have minutes, who you dislike but get minutes, that's the way to win these silly season matchups. You know, I went for it with Tyrese Maxey on Sunday and Kamala's league, and, I I wasn't able to be there right at the confirmation lineup. So I said, I'm going Maxey. He doesn't play. I lose by 2 assists. I get 2 assists. I'm in the finals again with Camilla. No. I should have gone boring and put, like, Dorian Ziggy Smith in there or something god awful. Oh, that's that's true. That's terrible. I hate that. Yeah. If I went through all this work this year and I don't win 30 deep, I've I've got I've got the best lineup. I'm gonna be I'm gonna be devastated, man. I'm gonna be crushed. I hear you. I'm in 7 leagues. One is stake league. We gotta get you in the rotor wire stake league. I'm in the money for that. I made playoffs for, so I'm playoffs for 5 of 7, finals for 3 of 7. One's the FSGA where they give you the the the championship ring at the FSGA conference, and you're on stage and everyone you beat is in the audience. Mhmm. Going against Dan Titus, Yahoo for that. I gave you the count. Looks bad, but and now I'm just rambling. I'm sorry. I cut off your actual news headline, which is Devin Vassell, Jeremy Sohan shut down for the season. You actually reminded me of speaking of getting up in front of people and accepting awards, with my whole hall of fame thing, I was talking to Andy Barrons. I'm like, so are y'all flying me to Vegas and I do I get an award on the stage and everything? He's like, no. Are you on the radio show? Are they gonna have you on a series No. We did that. We did that. Okay. So we did we did that little thing, which was very fast. And then I was like, well, I I need to know what my hall of fame thing is going to be. Am I getting a jacket? Am I getting a plaque? Am I getting a bronze statue? Bust. Like, bust? Yeah. A bust? And he's like, yeah. It's gonna be like a combination of all three of those, and we'll send it to you ASAP. I'm probably never going to get anything, but I can at least I always get in my head. FSGA and the FSWA awards. But they are confusing. I know Shanky has plaques for both, so I think you're getting at least a plaque. Okay. Alright. So Brandon Ingram of the Pelicans Sound like he was shutting it down for the regular season, but now he's talking about coming back to finish the season despite his knee injury. So make sure he's not sitting out there. He could go off, next week. I think Ingram is an excellent example though of the sexy versus boring. Meaning, yeah, if Ingram's in, he could huge upside. Right? But why I had assumed they'd have him on a restriction this week. Right? And then give them a tune up next week before the actual playoffs. The Pelicans aren't really playing for anything. I should update get my stand. They are sort of planning for something. Where are they? They just got passed. They just got passed by the Mavericks. Oh, yes. But it may be more worrisome though for them. They're only one game ahead of the Suns for the plan. So you're right, actually. And and that's a bad example. Ingram is somebody they'll probably max out if they can. You're right, doc. Well and also this year is weird, Ken, because Jerry Jackson junior is still out there balling out. Desmond Bane. Like, I think there's tons of guys. Brandon Clark came back. Like, people are playing who I we never thought would be playing. Right. I mean Jax is supposed to be a 50 game guy a year. Right? All of a sudden, he's like the old he's the of the Memphis Grizzlies this year. It's insane. LeBron James is out there at 39 years old. AD hasn't missed many games. It's not right. Why Leonard? It's just a weird and there's a lot of a lot of guys are not shutting it down this year that like they have in the past. I think this commissioner move to, incentivize guys to keep playing has worn off on the coaches. It's wearing off on the players and it's working. But then, of course, you've got a guy like Damian Lillard. Yeah. Right. The new headline move to your new headline there. Yeah. Personal reasons on Saturday and now a groin injury will keep him out on Tuesday. I mean, if you're in a in a finals of a fantasy league and you've got Dame Lillard right now, like, he could not have done this at a worst time ever. No. He couldn't. I hope the and there's and the groin aren't related. And there's no one there's no one in Milwaukee you can really replace him with unless it's Malik Beasley or Cameron Payne. Yeah. Oh, Beth. Payne's in Philadelphia. I'm sorry. Yeah. Matt and Bev. Yeah. And even even Cameron Payne in Philadelphia filling in for Tyrese Maxey got, bulldozed by Kyle Lowry the other day. Lowry got all the all the love. The fire hydrant beat him up. You know, we've got some live questions, doc. Should we go to the questions? Yeah. Why not? Christian Rogers, regular of the show, he wants to know, about the Miles Turner injury. You know, he messed up his finger. I think he only played 14 minutes last night. Let me pull this up on rotor wire. I don't think it's a right finger injury, and we just don't know anything more. You know, he left the game. Yeah. Didn't didn't play through it. Not come back. Yeah. Jalen Smith had a double double. It's Turner's shooting hand too, so I imagine they're gonna be nervous about it. Jalen Smith is the pickup there if Turner misses time, which this type of year, the Pacers are kinda locked into where they are. I would I want Turner healthy for the playoffs. Well, I'll say this though. Heat are only one game back of the Pacers that, you know, if I'm Indiana, I sure heck wanna avoid that play in. So they'll probably love Are they down there on the plane playing Yeah. They're they're only one game ahead of the Heat, for 6th to avoid the plan. Oh. But, I'm sorry, Christian. We don't have any new news yet. I'm sure Rotowire will have it today, but as of 11 AM EST, nothing new on Turner. It is a shooting hand so it's a concern and they do have Jaylen Smith a good backup. So I think you have reason to be nervous there. I I I would be surprised if Myles Turner plays in his next game. Okay. You heard it from the doctor there. Alright. Next question from Matt. Doc, who would you drop in a points league? G Williams or Michich out in, Charlotte? Throw that up on the screen. G oh, Grant Williams. Grant Williams. Yeah. Sorry. Both Charlotte guys. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Who would I pick up, or who would I drop in a points league? I think I draw I drop, Micic just because he Grant Williams is starting and he's scoring right now. I think Grant Williams is good to go the rest of the way. I I I've actually got him written down as a guy that should be picked up. I also think Mitchic is right there with him as far as a guy who's available in a ton of leagues who should be picked up. But just in a in a points league, I think I trust Williams a little bit more than I do Mitchich. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, a Roto league, it's obvious you just go with whatever category you need, but points is an interesting question But those 2 are both gonna get a ton of minutes to end the season. Scow was debating last night, Scalabrine and the Celtics. Like, what's Mitch's role next year for Charlotte? I wonder if they're gonna he could be their starting shooting guard. Were Rozier gone? We'll see. 31, though, next season, so I don't know. He's had a heck of a year, man. He's a great guy to take a flyer on and keep her leagues for next year. You know, he hit the cheap go ahead. Well, he hit a wall last week and had, like, 2 bad games in a row, and everybody panicked. But, man, he's been right back right back to his old tricks, today. So this week. Alright. I got a really hard question I'm gonna have to put on the screen because too many names, But loyal fam, Maluk, wants to know, which 2 to stream for days for Saturday. Boy. Gigi Jackson getting on. I mean, it's not shooting as much. Paul Reed, Braun out in Denver, Cameron Payne, we just talked about. It totally depends on Maxey's health. Fernando getting some minutes for your hawks, surprisingly. I don't know why. He did have a nice revenge game against the Celtics. Those two wins. You got any preferences on these 6, time? I'm going with Trenton Watford and Gigi Jackson. Paul Reed should be done with Embiid probably back by then. Brown, campaign, Bruno, I don't really trust any of them. I know I know Gigi is gonna get 30, and I know Trent and Watford had what did he have last night? He had, like, he had he had a great game. I I forget. He did. Trying to guess who's gonna be awesome for Portland is dangerous. Donalo Banton? Delano is the man. He did not Banton of 35 minutes off the bench. He's the silly season MVP, Banton is. He is. 26, 5, and 5 last night with 5 stocks. Maybe the Celtics didn't make a smart move letting him go, though he was never gonna get 35 minutes a run for Boston, but that's He's incredible, man. Yeah. He is he is the silly season MVP slash hero. He really is. He really is. And I picked him up. I had him in on team I've got him on a team trying to win a championship in, and he is he has been awesome. Badman was star of my Camel League. Alright. One more question here. Would you drop Vooch, the Bulls, for Fernando Allaire? I'd say no. I know he's had some low scoring games, but He's gotta be talking Yeah. Vucevic yeah. I mean, just I mean, he's still got 14 rebounds. Look, Vuce is gonna play every minute. The Bulls desperate. I wouldn't drop Vuce at all. I not for Kyle Lowry or Bruno Fernando, especially. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. And let's just hang on to Vooch for a second. Let's unless there's news out there that I don't know about, that's, it's kinda weird. That is crazy. I'll check for news. Why don't you give give us the next headline on the notes, sir? Shay, this is Alexander. If you put a night with a quad injury, so keep an eye on the rotor wire news feed there. Your guy, Tyrese Maxey, might not be ready for Tuesday. Lowry, we saw Joel Embiid, we thought was coming back on Tuesday. He's not. He's not. That was like weird Sham Wojs weird Sham Wojs racing in about just turning this week, could play tonight Tuesday. They, like, immediately said he's not playing Tuesday. So I have actually a Thursday pickup in the FSGA championship. Oh, boy. It's a daily moves league, but it is down to game count. So I'm debating dropping I gotta drop someone for Embiid, but then if he doesn't play Thursday, his next game when is his next game? I mean, I don't know why he'd he's got to be ready. Talk about teams that don't have much to play for. Philly's got 5. They're up 4 and a half games on the bulls for the 8th spot. They're kind of stuck in the plan. I don't know. There's really not much need to rush him back. So I assume if they're gonna play Embiid, it's you know, he's healthy. Right? Because there's not much to play for, but we'll find out. And there's one Embiid's one of those things where I don't feel bad for telling people to drop him even if he comes back because I don't think he's gonna come back and play, like, crazy minutes. And we've only got, like, 6 games, 7 games left or whatever. So, but it will be disturbing that if you drop them and your opponent picked him up and he does come back and goes off, that's gonna be Tough to watch. Alright. Things are bad in Washington. Right, doc? Yeah. Tell me. Kyle Kuzma. Tell me about it. Out again tonight. 2nd straight absence due to a heel issue. Tyus Jones is out for Washington. What's the latest? Holmes hasn't returned yet either. Denny could just go off. He might be the only walking wizard. It might be 5 on 1 tonight. Corey Kispert. There we go. He should be gunning, especially if you need threes. Both of them. Denny and Corey Kispert are both gonna be out there gunning. Gunning. Give us the good news in Memphis, doc. Brandon Clark playing for the Grizzlies, eating up some of Gigi's minutes and and some of his stuff at 15 and 7 last night with 3, 3 combined steals blocks. Still bringing him on the bench. 23 minutes. Yeah. But he's really producing off the bench. I think they wanna boost his confidence. Gone over a year. I tell you what. I don't know who's pulling the strings in Memphis, but whoever is is like, hey. If you can play, you're gonna play. Get out there and play. I don't care who you are. Jaren Jackson junior had what? Like, 40 last night with Yeah. Yeah. All this stuff, and I'm playing against him for the record. Yeah. You know who should be lighting it up for them? Now he's missed his 11th game? Vince Williams. He was awesome, And then what is it? Plantar fasciitis, I think. I don't know, but I I had Williams in, like, every league. I didn't do. I was rolling him so hard for so long, and he kinda got he kinda got eclipsed by Danilo Benton, I think. I think Benton has been more of a fantasy hero than Vince Yeah. This season. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Now that it's all said and done. Give him the silly is there a silly season trophy for MVP? I don't It's in the mail. It's in the mail. It's with your it's with your hall of fame bust. So the same shipment. With my hall of fame package. My hall of fame starter kit. So, yeah, I'll I'll let y'all know what that looks like when that when that shows up, when, when Alabama's silly season award arrives at my home. Now tell us tell us about Utah, your former Hawk, John Collins. He's it looks like he's out again. Right? Back issues? I guess so. Look. Hey, Ken. As you noted in these notes that I'm totally stealing from, they need a bottom ten finish to save their 1st round picker. He goes to OKC. The Jazz lost 9 straight. Kamala, Kamala called this, Utah Jazz shutdown and tank, at the start of the season. Laurie Markkanen gone. John Collins probably gone. Yeah. Walker Kessler, they decided to start benching him on day 1 and never stopped. Like, what a misusage of Walker Kessler this year. I mean, they gave Fontecchio away for free to Detroit. It's almost like we're a little worried Simone might might play well, so we gotta get him out of here. It's like they chopped it's like they chopped Fontecchio up into a bunch of Chick Fil A bites of chicken and just stood at the mall and gave it away. They're right there in the food court, you know? Yeah. Yeah. They just Ramon Funtech. Yeah. Tech 19. We haven't seen Jordan Clarkson in I don't know how long. So, yeah, it's rough. And, so who does that leave? Does that that leaves that one dude, that I picked up for a minute. Who's that no name Taylor? Well, Taylor Hendrix is the rookie that they what is he, like, 18 years old or 12 years old? I think that's the guy. They wanna be giving him a gazillion minutes. He's only appeared, in 33 games this year. I think he might be the guy tonight. Yeah. He's been over yeah. He's been starting since late February. He's been over 20, over 25, 24 minutes, since starting. Big double double guy, not getting, you know, obviously not gonna hit any 3. Well, he hit 4th through. My goodness. He's actually jacking up threes as of late, so he could be a nice blocks, rebounds, 3 combo. And, yeah, they're we're probably playing for next season. We've got Keontae George, Bryce Sensabaugh, and Taylor Hendrix. Like, those are the guys that he's got to you're still making moves right now. Those are the moves. Yeah. Hendrix might be available in some leagues, but they're also I mean, he's not gonna be available anywhere, but they're they're letting Sexton gun and realizing Daryl Hendrix is Daryl Hendrix is only rostered in 17% of Yahoo leagues. So Well, yeah, he's only scored in double digits one time in his last 6 games. So it's not like he's out there just blowing it up, but he is hitting 3 pointers, and he is getting some rebounds, and he is he is getting some blocks and some steals. Like, he's worth a look. And I if Collins is out tonight Well, exactly. Collins gone. No marketing. He's gonna get paint's his. The paint is his. And I I don't understand why they're purposely tanking Walker Kessler's career. I know they're upset with Kessler's inability to switch, and I'm like, Kessler's an old school center. Why you've got him on perimeter guys is beyond me, but maybe that's the new NBA. I don't know. Maybe Kessler's should have been born 20 years ago. You can Do you have a cranky do you have a cranky old get off my lawn man segment? I do. Thank you, Ken. Why did I call you Kent? Oh, I didn't hear that. I put a t on the end of it. They're like miss Pam. Don't move, miss lady. Here's what I'm angry about, doc. This whole silly season, people not playing, it's disgusting. Gary Trent, he's played in 66 games for the Raptors this season, 28 minutes a game. He's young. He's sitting tonight for rest purposes. What? Did you know John Stockton had 16 seasons? 1 6, 16 seasons where he played the max 82 games plus playoffs. That includes his last 4 seasons when he was aged 37 to 40. In fact, when Stockton was 40 years old, he played in 82 games and averaged 28 minutes per game. At age 40, Michael Jordan with the Wizards played 82 games and over 30 minutes of contest, but 25 year old Gary Trenton needs a rest. Damn you silly season. It's absurd. I love the fact that you just called him Gary Trenton after I just called you Kent. I am famous on the Friday pod for mispronouncing names. I know it's Trent. I don't know why is it you know, it's just the anger. The anger pushed me to mispronounce. Well, when you're when you're on your out in your yard with a garden hose trying to spray kids riding by on their bikes and yelling at them, it's easy to mispronounce words. Oh, I was gonna put that up there because, oh, sorry. Sorry. Hang on. I put this up here because, when Michael Chang asked that question about Booch, it was based on schedule. So Booch may only play 1 game, and those other guys played 2 during that run, which would have been helpful to know in the question, but not not that we care. Well, he's gonna play that one game. What I would hate is you do some do what I did this Sunday, pick up a Gary Trent thinking, oh, look at that nice high game count just so they rest the 25 year old. You try to get cute, and you get burnt. Like, that's what happened to me. Like, I've been ranting and raving about how incredible Reshaun Holmes was those 2 weeks leading up to last week. And I'm like, he's saving my season. He's gonna win me 30 deep. We're gonna do that same time. Yeah. And he played, like, 8 minutes on Monday. He got hurt and we never saw him again. Yeah. Which has been a problem for, like, 2 months. So I'm not I'm not mad at him for getting hurt. I think he is hurt, but the timing of it was was pretty bad. And now I'm relying on Zach Collins and Chedi Osman and Victor woman Yama who saved my saved my It's a 30 team league. I mean, you're gonna have to pick up your CD Osmond. You know? There's no Taylor Hendrix ain't sitting Oh, I didn't pick him up, dude. I he's been on my roster all year. Like, he's he's he's a hot commodity in a 30 Yeah. Exactly. Alright. We're we're glad he's there. Are we gonna is it time to review last night's games? I guess that was my cranky old man. I'm just mad at I'm just mad at Reshaun Holmes. Let's let's talk about your Celtics for a second. Yeah. They beat the Hornets. They basically are playing the rest of this season out with one hand tied behind their back. Right. And maybe also in a sack of potato a potato sack as they just Right. And toy with these teams or blow a 30 point lead against the Hawks or whatever. Exactly. They had a couple bad ones, but Yeah. They don't care. The the Celtics, as far as fantasy goes, is now all about being in a daily if you're in a daily moves league or not, where you can take them in and out of your lineup, and you're available at 5 you know, roughly 5 to 6:30 PM EST to make last second adjustments because Brown's gonna get some rest. Tatum's gonna get some rest. Porzingis and Big Al are gonna get some rest. You don't know when that's gonna happen. Frankly, Luke Cornett, if you've got bench room to stash, Cornett, when he starts, he has 5 starts this year. He gets a double double with 2 and a half blocks, but it's only when he starts, and he's gonna start one game between now and the end. But when that game occurs, who knows? Hauser, any night can just easily drain 5 threes with his eyes closed. He's probably the lead guy to get unless you need dimes, then Pritchard's, gonna get you more assists. But, there's gonna be some daily transaction all stars where these guys have 1 Delano Banton night, but then the next night, give you, like, 5 and 4, and you're like, what am I doing? So weekly leagues, the Celtics are awfully, awfully risky. But if you're in a daily league, pay Payton Pritchard, Sam Houser, even Luke Cornett are great stashes because they will blow up when they start. And the real question is why would anyone be be in a weekly lineup league in 2024? I mean, I can't are old. Well, you know, the the belief is it's less work, but then you're so angry when it's Thursday and, you know, half your lineup's out. You can't do anything about it. I know. All 7 of my 30 team guys go on Sunday. So that is gonna be really frightening, but let's talk about Sam Houser for a second. Are you aware are you aware of who his high school teammate was? Oh, it would be up in Wisconsin because I know he grew up in Wisconsin. But It would also be someone from Virginia. Would it be a Tyrese Halliburton? Was it Tyrese Halliburton? It would be someone under the rotor wire umbrella. It would be a coworker of ours. Get out. Get out. I have no I Kieran Sprecher. Really? I didn't know Kieran played high school ball. Played high school ball with Sam Houser. That's fantastic. I you know that Wisconsin. I mean, Wisconsin is the thing. Yeah. A lot of people forget Houser played Marquette before he transferred to Virginia, before he became a sniper, a developing sniper for the Celtics. But Sprecher, I did not know he played high school ball. Okay. And he was talking to me about Sam Houser, like, 2 months ago. He said, yeah. I went to high school with him, and he's a good player. And I was like, I'm not really falling for this. 25 point 7 threes, 9 of 13 shooting last night. Like, if Jaylen Brown and or Jayson Tatum sit out, I think you've built Hauser in your lineup and let him rip. Absolutely. And I don't think Tatum and and Brown will play a game together again until maybe the very end or in the playoffs. Right. Brown sat last night. Absolutely. They want to spread the burden out, let those guys rest. You You know, the best thing that happened to Sam Houser was Max Struess hurting his knee when he Struess believe way back when, Struess was a two way guy for the Celtics. Blew his knee out, Celtics said bye bye. He picked him up, and the rest is history for Max Struess, but then the Celtics were like, well, we need our Max Struess, 3 point specialist development guy who comes cheap, and so Hauser moved right into that spot. K train. Why does Drew Holiday, hate fantasy basketball and managers? He yeah. Because, man, he makes the extra pass, which they love him on the team for, but, boy, he does not go for the gaudy stats. You sure would like, Yeah. D White really nobody thought d White would have the better fantasy season than Drew Holiday this year, though I was all over Drew White. He was on every sleeper list I had. I got him on every roster I could. But, you know, it's really White who's the point guard on offense, and they send Holiday to the corner so many plays, or they let Brown or Tatum dribble the ball top of the key, but Holiday is not really a point guard anymore. You could almost say he's like a 3 and d wing who's just a little short. Well and we all would have been a lot better off had he just not played on Monday. He got your Monday off to a 1 0 11 shooting start. He had 2 points and 2 assists. He missed all Ava's 3 pointers. And wide open. He missed him wide open once. Well, you know, his shoulder injury, and you can see he's wearing that weird sleeve on one arm and a shoulder thing on the other. His dead shoulder is a legit injury, and I think they're worried about getting him back in a groove before the playoffs. Some of these other ones like Brown sitting last night, I think that's just rest. But, of all the weird sittings playing for Celtics holidays, I think the most legit injury. Well, I I I just feel bad for people people who had him in the lineup. Yeah. I've gotten very used to Peyton Pritchard being out there and playing 30 minutes for me in my 30 team league lately, but now Drew's back. So he's kinda messing that up. He's just he's just messing everything up. And you know what? He's gonna keep messing it up because also his defense is so good. They leave him out there. Right? He's their best defender. So, even last night when he's shooting that terrible one of 11, he was still playing grade d, helping get turnovers and stuff, and they'll put him on power forwards. And he's kinda like Kyle Lowry on their block. He is fairly immovable for a guard. So, yeah, I would keep avoiding Holiday. I don't think his numbers are gonna shine. It'll be more awkward than not rest of the season. What do you make of, Jalen Duran getting a tooth knocked out last night, leaving the game for good. They lose to Memphis at home. How sad is that? That, like, at home, you can't even beat Memphis. They got Cunningham in the lineup. They got Ivy in the lineup. 5 minutes in well, and I can see whether, like, if you're in any pain, this season's over. Who cares? But it was it was like a Holmes move there. Duran, man, he's a rebound machine when he's in there. He's a rare future piece for that team. Well, if Jared Jackson took one of my teeth out, the impact of that hitting my face, that elbow or whatever it was, I'd probably be dead right now. So Yeah. We at the very least, you'd be crying like little babies. We would be crying. So at least Yamalind is is is okay as far as we know. But she means she means he me too had 17 points and 8 boards. James Wiseman had 10 and 10. We don't really know what during is going to do if he misses another game or misses time. I'd I'd I'd say you roll with James Wiseman. Oh, really? I'm actually tempted more for me too, frankly. I think Well, he he that too. Yeah. Yes. He's good. There's a joke in there somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. The me too movement, babe. The me too the me too movement. The Chimazim movement. Tell us about your, your Pacers because I know you grew up in Indiana. Your Pacers' Nets game last year. That Nets. God, what a terrible season. There's old trend in lot Watford. I Yeah. I was like, what team who's he play for? This is what I can't I I always remember when I was last year, I screwed it up because yeah. It's Portland last year. I screwed it up. I did not I realize he'd gone over to Brooklyn. This is when we all start to sound like Charles Barkley in the silly season when guys are hasn't played all season, and suddenly you're getting massive minutes. The nets are so boring and so forgettable that you don't even know who's on their team. And it it makes sense. But the Pacers got 27 and 13 at a tie. Halliburton, Jalen Smith had a double double because Myles Turner got hurt. TJ McConnell had 10 points and 8 assists in 18 minutes backing up Halliburton. He's he actually might be better a better play right now than, Peyton Pritchard just because he's more effective in in shorter stints, if Drew Holiday is gonna keep playing. You talk about you talk about McConnell? I'm sorry. Right? Who who Who did I say? Yeah. TJ McConnell, I think, might be better Yeah. A better backup to play point guard to play right now than, Peyton Pritchard. Maybe. I mean, yeah, you're right. He certainly does play better in short stints. The Pacers are not gonna rest Halliburton until they're assured or whether they know they can get past the Heat to stay out of the plan. Yeah. I'm not saying they're gonna rest, however, I just feel like McConnell gets run. The cockroach gets run, and he gets steals too. We've been calling him the cockroach for years on Friday. You cannot kill McConnell's career. He will not go away. Cockroach. But, for pickups, though, in daily leagues, if this Myles Turner injury or finger injury is real and you don't think he's gonna play, Jalen Smith could be a delicious pickup for a one game run. Him and Isaiah Jackson both. And it's a coin flip. You know? You don't know which one's gonna gonna be better than the other, but, one of them is probably gonna go off. Yeah. I think Smith's a little more of a shooter. I I would lean to Smith if you're debating, but you're right. It could be I'm with you on that. I like I like Smith better as well. And then for the nets, Cam Johnson was out with a toe injury. The nets didn't even put up a fight with the Trae Youngless hawks to try to get in the play in. They just let the hawks have it. Brendan Watford. Yeah. Is that a gift you really want? That was like the other day I was playing golf and the other day I was playing golf and we had the golf cart right up kinda close to the close to the green when than we probably should have been. And the old man I'm playing with is like, hey, Steve. I'm gonna let you I'm gonna let you get the cart. I'm gonna let you ride. I was like, okay. So he walks like 5 feet to his ball and now I gotta drive like a mile backwards all the way up a mountain all the way back around the green then I've got like a 20 yard walk through the hole. Thanks, buddy. But, yeah, the plan, is that a gift you really want? You know? Is it? It's not really. Yeah. I mean, coach Quinn, is he there next year? I mean, how many coaches can they go through before they realize that maybe Trey Rung is your star is the problem? Dude, I really thought I really thought coach Quinn was gonna be good for the hawks, but it just hasn't been that good. Alright. So what do they do this offseason at Atlanta? You're you're living in Georgia there. They're not gonna keep just trying to make D'Jontay Murray and Young work. Murray goes off I sure sure went off on my Celtics when Young's not around. Sure like Murray's defense a lot better than Young. Why do you keep these 2? When do you admit that the giving up donches for Young was a benefit? Well, you're never gonna admit that. When are you gonna admit that trying to run Donch or trying to run Dejounte and Trae Young out there together is a failed experiment? It's time. When are you gonna admit that that Jaylen Johnson needs all the forward minutes and we don't really need, old man bogey by Donovan. We don't need Sadik Bey. We don't need Deandre Hunter. We don't need Campella. We just run a a kangaroo out there. There there's a lot of things. The Hawks have a lot of pieces they can move, and they having to go out of small forwards is not a terrible thing. How hard is that Hunter contract to move? I think I think next year is the last year. Right? Or is there more? I'm not sure. I don't know. Yeah. I'm a fantasy guy. I'm not a real contractor. He he needs to talk to somebody who knows something about math. It's not me. Yeah. They I I think, I think Hunter's probably gone. I think, Capella's probably gone. And then something's gotta give with Trey and Dejounte, and I don't know I don't know if they're gonna trade Trey, or I don't know if they're gonna trade Dejounte. I feel like the marketing department would wanna tray trade Dejounte, but the coaching department should trade Trae Young and his terrible defense. Yeah. It's gonna be interesting. It's gonna be an interesting summer in Atlanta one way or the other. And what other what do we gotta review here? Magic blazers, how does the Magic only win that game by 1? I don't understand that. They're they're how do they how are they as good as they are? They're I know. You know? Fox scores, you look at the lineups. It's it's, you look at Wendell Carter still starting at center. They tried to get rid of him of Batista. That didn't work. Yeah. Actually, a good line for Carter last night, but it's such an uninspiring lineup. Greg Harris getting to start again. My goodness. What is, will they beat the blazers? Like, what is what is Deandre Ayton still doing out there? He had 20 points and 12 boards. Well, he's, you know, his long term contract. I think they wanna force a work ethic on the guy. I'm not sure that'll ever work, but, you know, they got him for a few more years. So, I think they want to try to make a leader out of them, which might be asking too much. We kinda talked about the Hawks enough. Vic Greci had fixed triples and 18 points. I mean, if you wanna roll the dice on that guy this time of year good luck. He'll he'll come back tomorrow with 0 points and 2. Jalen Johnson was highly disappointed in his return from his ankle injury. 4 of 12 shooting, 11 points that was not clutch. And, my man, Kobe White, 8 of 21 shooting. Thanks, buddy. And then Andre Drummond, 13 points, 18 boards off the bench. I don't know how he keeps doing that. I don't know what you how you know when that's coming, when you don't. Well, how about alright. What about the Pelicans just rolling over to the Suns last night in New Orleans? That was to me, every time people wanna talk about what a talented lineup the Pelicans have, I'm like, show me a meaningful crunch time victory this team's had. You know, they're only well, they're they're they're now only one game up on the Suns to avoid the play in. That was just such a deflating loss last night. They had everybody playing. It's, Trey Murphy's been hot. Actually, Murphy had a good game. They're they've they've they've given up on giving Valentino meaningful shots. He keeps coming out earlier and earlier for, Larry Nance. I but where are the Pelicans going? Are they are they gonna the sun's gonna catch them? Well, I was worried about the Mavericks catching them. The Mavericks have been behind them all year, and now the Mavericks have passed them and are winning their division and are up to number 5 seed in the west, only 2 games here on the Clippers, which helps Luka Doncic's MVP chances. Right? So I know you've got some cash on. Right? Yeah. So I need him to win the MVP. He can't do it as a 6th or 7th seed, but can he do it as a 5th? Maybe. And now the now the Suns are coming after the Pelicans. And speaking of the Suns, dude, Devin Booker has scored 50 points against the Suns in 3 straight games. Yeah. I mean, against the against the Pelicans. And the Pelicans have my defensive hero, Herb Jones. Why isn't Jones guarding him on every play? I will. But Devon don't care. He's like a honey badger. He don't get a you know what? What a game. Devin Booker has 6 40 point games this season. He has 8 50 point games on his career, and 3 of them had come against the Pelicans all back to back to back. So why wasn't Devin Booker in my FanDuel lineup last night? Like, note to self, when he goes home to New Orleans, you put him in your lineup no matter what it costs. And you wanna hear another disgusting stat from the Pelicans choking last night? And this is this isn't just an outlier from last night. This is a career long problem. How many rebounds do you think Zion had in the 37 minutes of run? 37 minutes, power forward. How many rebounds did he have last week? Well, I know he had 5 assists, and I earmarked that because I knew he had less fewer rebounds than that. So I'm gonna go with 2. Yeah. 2 rebounds. You and I could get 2 rebounds on 37 minutes a run. That is just unexcusable. So people love to talk about the highlight reel. If you don't rebound, who cares? You know? Like, at his size, rebound. I don't wanna hear about the athleticism. 1st of all, like, play, like, get your game count up, but second, rebound. I love in auction leagues. Zion's one of my early names to go to because the reality is so far below the hype for Zion. He's that's what I first go to in auction leagues to get it out there, have other people spend money. Then that way is that the way you work in an auction generally speaking? Like, throw out guys you don't want early? Absolutely. Early and middle. Early and middle. I throw out the biggest name I can find to the guy for the guy I'm least lack least likely to actually draft. Right. Now, sadly, I would that was wenby too for me, which that didn't work out so well. I I doubted his game count. I also doubted talk about guys who were not supposed to play a lot that did. Kevin Durant, Man, how he's only missed, like, 4 or 5 games. It's amazing. At his age, what is he? 37, I think? I really thought this was the year Durant's game count was a mess. You know, guys 5, and he's been in 68 games. Guys who drafted well, guys and girls. People who drafted old Fantasy players this year did pretty well. Dominated. LeBron, AD, KD. Yeah. The team I'm playing against in this f g it's it's an FGSA thing, I think. I think I paid money to plan it. Whatever. It, the dude I'm playing against has got LeBron James and Luka Doncic, And, he's just rolling the league. He he finished 1st for the regular season. I finished 3rd. But I need I need my guys to play. I just I just lost Devin Vassell in that one too. That that hurt. But That does hurt. I'm trying to win. I'm still gonna try to win. Not giving up. Well, I think we're at the magical 45 minute, limit here, doc. Do you have any give us one or one name for pickups. I think mine's gonna be Jalen Smith, if Turner's out. But who's your one? Is it Hauser, or who's your guy? If Jalen Brown is out or if the other guy, Jason Tatum, is out, it's it's Sam Houser. If Jalen Duran misses the game, I'm going James Wise, and you're going to Mizzie Mead too. I'm going to meet if Grant Williams is sitting out there, I think that's the guy I wanna pick up. Yeah. There you go. There you go. Started at center last night. Yeah. The Richards is injured now too. So Mark Williams, boy, what happened to his crew? We'll see what happens with him health wise next year. Alright, sir. Well, is it time to wrap it up with what what what our standard at close is here, sir? Oh, yeah. I'm gonna show you this real quick, though, and then we're gonna get it. What do you think this what do you think this is? Medical report for oh, your tourney picks. You're in that many tournament brackets? No. I'm running one by hand. Oh, no. Where I have to grade these freaking things. By hand? Have they not heard of Yahoo or ESPN? 130 brackets that I'm grading by hand. Why didn't you do that online? Are these golf is this the golf club? Are these all old timers going on? It's all time. Well, it started out when I moved here 20 years ago. There were, like, 12 people in it. And, I'm like, I'm keeping it paper. I'm keeping it cash. We're doing it old school. Now these people cell phones. And then, now it's a 130 people, and I've finally I think I hit my limit. I'm done. I'm going online next year. There you go. Alright. Yeah. Jeez. You got better things to do, doc. Alright. Y'all have a good, rest of the week. Cameron and I'll be here on Thursday to break this all down again. And then next week, we should have the results of some of these fantasy championships runs that we're all in and we can celebrate together and laugh about together and then, take a big old big old hibernation nap for the summer. Alright, Ken. Thanks for coming on, man. Thanks, doc. It was a pleasure. Alright. Bye,