Hey, everybody. I'm Steve Alexander, doctor a. Welcome to the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. It's Thursday, February 29th. LeBron is approaching 40,000 points. That's Rick Kamla, the OG, and this is the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. What's up, everybody? It is the Royal Enquire Fantasy Basketball podcast with FSWA Hall of Famer Steve Alexander. I'm Rick Kamla. As he said, we're the OGs, man, and we are here to give you fantasy advice that is going to help you down the stretch run. The playoffs are either coming up next week in some leagues like 30 deep, and the cam dynasty 2 weeks out from this week. And so, we're approaching a very critical point of the season, man. And so, doc, let's dive in as you mentioned with LeBron James here. When will he hit 40,000 points? Before we get to that, we we just for a second half too. I mean, I you're a night owl. I'm a night owl. I was up late watching that game last night, and the Lakers early in the Q4 were dead, flat, lifeless, hopeless, down 21 with the black on the court of the LA Clippers. And and I'm like, LeBron took one shot in the Q3. I'm like, what is up? It's like, is he not up to this anymore, and you're having all of these thoughts. Right? And then all of a sudden, he flipped a switch, scored 19 points from that point on, hit 5 threes. They made up a 21 point, deficit in LeBron's 21st season. This stuff just doesn't make sense, Steve. You're not supposed to be able to do this. Jimmy Butler is in his 33, 34, 35 range. Right? And he big boyed Milwaukee in the 1st round last year in the playoffs. I as I say, he butlored them. Okay? He just pushed a button, became a superhero, and beat Giannis. LeBron did that last night. LeBron butlored the Clippers, dude. So before we talk about 40 k, man, what the hell did we just watch last night? Well, I watched Max Struss destroy my Mavericks the night before with 5 3 pointers in 5 minutes, including 1 from half court. It was heartbreaking loss for Dallas who's, you you know, they're trying to win their division. They're trying to sneak past the Pelicans. They're trying to get up there into a top four spot in the West, which is gonna be tough to do, but they they can easily be number 5. So that was devastating. And then last night, not that I had any stake in it, but like you said, LeBron flipped the switch, his start just banging 3 pointer after 3 pointer in the Q4. He really couldn't miss his whole Swagger change, his whole demeanor changed. He's talking to the crowd. He was like, I think he's 13 pointer away from a Jordan Shrug. It it it was close. Did have the tongue out. He did have the tongue out. Good point, dude. It was close. And, and I think that that inspired his teammates as well because I feel like Austin Reeves was more active after that. D'Angelo Russell made some shots. And, it was cool to watch, man. I mean, dude, dude's 40 years old and he's out there just able to to to do that. And then to orchestrate a 21 point comeback win to boot. And now, you know, you look at the bottom of the Western Conference standings, it's Golden State and it's the Lakers. I mean, those are the 2 teams that are they've they've passed everybody else. They're gonna be at least in the play in, if not the actual playoffs. So, the the picture is a lot brighter for both of those teams than it was, a month or 2 ago. There's no doubt, dude. There's no doubt. So how far is he away from 40 k? Let's, try to pinpoint this. 40 He was he was 74 before last night. So he's 40 away. Oh, you've got it. My bad. Carry on. Dude, it's all good. Tell tell him. So I was ready to do some math. So do you, do you think LeBron's playing tonight at home against Washington? That's the thing, man. I don't know. I can tell you right now he ain't playing tonight. You don't think so? No. No. Well, I was on the radio on Tuesday, and they asked me this question because they're all betting on it. And I said, well, he's 3 games away. So the next 3 the 3rd game he plays from today will be the day that he hits it. So I said, I don't think he's gonna play against Washington. So I think Monday is today against Oklahoma City. And they're like, alright. That's what we're rolling with. But then after last night, I'm like, man. But why would he why would he why would he play against Washington tonight, Rick? That's that's the question. He's not going to. We already have a pattern and a model for this. They had a 3 game and 4 night stretch right out of the all star break, and he annoyingly sat the Golden State game. Came back the next night against San Antonio in a game that they could have won without him, and they won that game. Then he played Sunday, I think that was against Phoenix. So that was a 3 out of 4, and LeBron played 2 out of the 4. I mean, teams are reluctant to play their star players in a 3 game and a 4 night set if they're 25 years old. If you're 39, it's like it's a red flag. Like, they're not gonna do it. I would be shocked if LeBron James played tonight. Like, shocked. So to me, he's not gonna play tonight. They're gonna tell Ruiz and Rees and Russell and Anthony Davis, and I think Anthony I mean, oh my god. No more Gafford with Washington. Anthony Davis might have 50 points tonight. Okay? They're gonna be fine. What I mean oh my god, doc. Just quickly here. Jordan Poole has to catch a strike. Dude, that game at home against Golden State the other night, he set the league back 10 years. Okay? Like, that wasn't it, bro. He's barking at the refs, getting attacked, leaving Chris Paul buck naked wide open for 3 balls. Dude, this is your old team. Where's the get back factor? Anyway, he had to catch a stray. I had to get get that off my chest. So I don't think Braun is playing tonight, doc. Saturday, it's a showcase game against the Denver Nuggets. And is he going for 40? No. I'm not even sure LeBron's got 40 points in him in a regulation game anymore. Okay? So it's gonna be Monday night against the Oklahoma City Thunder, and I don't know, doc, when the, what the betting odds are in that and and, you know, if you kinda I guess maybe there's a money making opportunity with this Washington DNP we're talking about. Right? Like, is the whole world hip to this? Does does most people think that LeBron's gonna play tonight? Because I think they're gonna be very, very disappointed, doc. Yeah. I I just the only thing that scares me is there is a lot of money on the line in Vegas on this. There is a lot of hype around LeBron after that game last night. And where is that game? Is it at wash it's at Washington. Right? No. No. No. No. It's a home game. It's it's in LA. Okay. So the the fans in LA get to see LeBron play every night. So there's not like gonna be any pressure to make sure that this dad spent $5,000 for his kid to see LeBron play in the front row in Washington and he's not gonna gonna lose all that money. But, yeah, I mean, it'll be surprising if LeBron plays, but I don't like the fact he's not already on the injury reports. Like, they're they're just it's too early for anything to be out there. Why we do this show in the morning is beyond me, Rick. Like, next year, we're gonna rework our contract. We're gonna do this more in our wheelhouse of something afternoon when we're actually awake. But did why we're talking about Washington real quickly and just because it's not in our notes, have you noticed what Tyus Jones has been doing? I have. He's been amazing. 14 and 17 in his last game, 3 and 11 before that, 5 and 6 before that, but then 13 and 14, 14 and 15, 14 and 16, 25 and 9, 17 and 9. Like, just a double double losing machine is what that is. I mean, it's so funny to pull up Washington's players' game logs and just it's just one l after another, and it's doesn't matter how good the numbers are. It's always an l. It's always bad. But when when is Tyus Jones gonna be shut down? I mean, I hope he doesn't get shut down. Why would you shut him down? There's no wenby in this draft. You have fans who are coming out to your arena to watch your team play. I mean, why are we going with the the capital city go go, right, or the Memphis hustle? I I think it's garbage. Now what I want, what teams want is different. I don't know. Maybe they don't shut him down. Obviously and and I had this thought, about Wes Unsell Junior, god bless him, like, he was not unleashing Tyus Jones. The minutes were down. The shot attempts were down. It's like he had a bridle on him. And now, obviously, Tyus Jones is unleashed, and we're seeing what's up. You know, Washington didn't trade him, doc. He was one of the top guys rumored to be out. He's in an expiring contract. He'll be a free agent this offseason. He will be coveted. So he's in a push right now, and I'm not sure if Washington is grooming him to be their starter next year again or if he's grooming himself for free agency. But, I don't know, doc. I I don't know. This might be a different year with shutdowns. Now there I Utah, doc, they've already started it, bro. You got Hendricks out there. You got Sensi Ball out there. Keontae George is starting. And so I already smell the market in the Clarkson shutdown and all this kind of stuff. I hope it doesn't happen, but I don't think San Antonio is gonna shut down Wimby. Heck, Scoot Henderson's already hurt, so I don't know what the hell's going on with that. Portland's probably gonna shut their main dudes down. The Aton just picked up an injury. Right? Jeremy Grant probably go ahead. Kessler. Walker Kessler has a foot sprain. I mean, so you know how that goes, man. That might be it. I mean, we're at February 29th right now, so we have 6 weeks left in the regular season. But I don't know, doc. I I don't I don't know about Washington. I I don't. They already suck. They completely and totally suck. Even with Kuzma rolling and Taia rolling and your boy Denny Abbiah rolling, they still lose every damn game, so why shut them down? Well, where's Denny Abbiah? He's been gone for 3 games. So I I'll tell you what, my, my 30 team is having a bit of a wake up call this week. No De'Aaron Fox. Kobe Kobe White suddenly doesn't look as good as he did last week. I'm getting a little nervous. I need my guys to play. Alright. Let's get back on schedule here. And, LeBron, I think you and I both agree, LeBron is probably going to break the record on Monday against OKC. So if you wanna go bet me ask you it. Let me ask you a question here. How am I supposed yeah. I need your help on this, doc, and and everybody out there with the comments. It's the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast, hall of famer Steve Alexander. I'm Rick Kamla. How am I supposed to feel about the 40,000 milestone, doc? I'm a stack guy. I'm a historian. You're a stack guy. You're a historian. I don't know how I'm supposed to feel about this. I know that, you know, when Steph he's the 1st to hit 35, a 100 threes. I'm like, I I don't care. He already has the most threes ever. He is the greatest shooter of all time. I don't care. I don't care. Once when Steph makes his 4,003, I'm not gonna care, but this is 40,000 points. There was once a time, doc, where Kareem's 38387 was in stone, and nobody was catching that. Right? And now LeBron obviously has, and so now we're kinda tracking down 40,000 points. I'm not really feeling it, dude. I'm not. This isn't tell me how I'm supposed to feel about this milestone. You're not supposed to feel any way about it. And, honestly, had I not been on ESPN, Panama City Beach Radio on Tuesday, and those dudes, my boy Ryan Mulvey, had he not asked me when is LeBron gonna hit 40,000, I wouldn't have even known that that was coming because I don't care. The game as we know it right now is so ridiculously slanted 70% to offensive players and 30% to defensive players then it's just different. Larry Bird was shooting, what, 73 pointers a year. Steph Curry shoots 73 pointers a week. It's different. It's a different game. LeBron, like, everything is so skewed skewed. So here we go. See, this is the problem with being on the air before noon. I can't come up with words that I could normally come up with, plus I'm, like, 95 years old. But it's so skewered towards the offensive player that it's just not that big of a deal to me. I don't you know, if you didn't tell me it was happening, I wouldn't I wouldn't notice or care. Okay. So, I I'm glad to hear you say it because I'm like am I supposed to be more geeked about this? Because I'm really not that geeked about it. But we think Monday, for those of you that are gonna bet on this. So let's talk Luca and MVP doc. What I and Rick, that's really the reason I brought it up is because I do think people are betting on it, and I think there are it's a totally different generation of people watching basketball. Like, our our boys, our kids probably care. Oh, LeBron's gonna score 40,000 or, you know, some 23 year old kid making $75,000 a year. Yeah. Oh, man. I got a chance to make some money here. I'm gonna I'm gonna pick the date that LeBron hits 40,000. So I think people care for different reasons. Yeah. I agree with you, man. I agree with you. We'll be taking your comments here in a little bit, guys, on the Fantasy Basketball podcast, Rick Kamla, and hall of famer Steve Alexander. We are the OGs. So Luca Doncic had a triple double on his 25th birthday, and they got a win up at Toronto last night. So Doc was pumping his fist, bought another win for his Mavericks, even though he's behind enemy lines, in Atlanta and used to be a kickoff fan, but, obviously, he's a big Luka guy. You see the jersey behind him. Doc, my MVP stacking right now goes SGA, number 1. He's having a Michael Jordan season with the steals, with the 31, 6, and 6, with the efficiency, with the record. Nikola Jokic, just unbelievable. 26, 12, 9.3 assists. Great record. You know, can't help but have a triple double right now. Recently had the only three straight sequence with 14 rebounds and 14 assists. I could go on. 3 for me, Doc, is Tatum. And Tatum and Luca is a great debate within the debate. I don't think they're at the top of the debate, but I do think that they're in the debate. And it's the wins versus stats. Boston is 12 and a half games better than Dallas, and that to me is the most important stat of all here. Tatum is at 27, 8, and 5, Career high in assist. Career high in efficiency, 473682. He's hit an effective field goal percentage of 553. Best of his career. Career high in assist. Turnovers are down, in a big way. And then you got Luke at 349 and 10. He's gonna win his 1st scoring title. But, again, Dallas is 12 and a half games worse than Boston is, and that to me is the the trump card here for Tatum versus Luca. And then number 5, I got Giannis stock. So how do you stack MVP, and where do you have Luca? Well, I mean, I've got the same order. My question is, are the are the voters gonna get it right? Because we see some weird stuff happening happening in MVP voting. SGA is hands down the favorite right now. Like, he his numbers and the fact that Oklahoma City is very good, he should win it. But do enough experienced riders agree with that? I don't know. I mean, they I just got Jokic is gonna get a lot of votes. Tatum being on Celtics team, that that's good, is gonna get a lot of votes. I think Luca, putting up these mind boggling stat lines every night is gonna get a lot of votes. And, you know, the the telecasters for Dallas last night were, like, they, follow will or whatever the dude's name is. It's like, oh, yeah. Luca had a 4445 point triple double the other night, and Derek Harper is like, wait a minute, dude. You just said that, like, it was normal. Like, he had a 45 point triple dub. Like, that doesn't happen. Like, this is this is we are seeing someone play at a level and having fun playing at that level that we have not seen in a long time. And to be honest, if Boston was not 12 and a half games better than Dallas, something would be wrong because Dallas is out there limping around with Kyrie for half the season and Luca carrying what should be a pretty bad team on his back. Now we did add Gafford. We did add PJ Washington. And when I say we, I'm talking about Dallas, not not me and my guys. But they added, 2 big men that are making them better. Gafford and Derek Lively and PJW all played well last night. Now Kyrie's fully on board. Kyrie's diving on the floor and and making plays that you would not expect the guy like Kyrie to be making at this stage of his career. And everybody's on board with this this thing, and I just feel like by the time the end of the season gets here, if Luca keeps doing this crazy stuff every night, the league is gonna take notice. And if they get up to 5th or even I don't know how they do it, but if they could get to 4th in the west, I still think Luca has a shot at winning this thing. But I think this is one more interesting MVP races we've had, and that there's 4 or 5 guys that are all gonna get decent votes. I agree. You mentioned, you know, weird stuff has happened. And I don't know, man. Well, the the weird stuff that could happen here I'm I'm starting to feel a swell, a narrative swell, for Jayson Tatum, best player on best team. Damon Jones joined the show on NBA radio with me and Antonio Daniels a couple of days ago. I know that a lot of the the talking heads are starting to talk about this and starting to look more Jayson Tatum for MVP just playing the best player, best team card, which a lot of times historically has been good enough for MVP. But we're in a major stat crazy era, and Tatum doesn't have major stat major crazy stats. Okay? They're very, very good, obviously. So the weird stuff to me, doc, would be SGA continues what he's doing, Jokic continues what he's doing, and all of a sudden we get this, like, this big push, like, a tsunami wave of a push for Tatum for MVP. Because you remember, Jokic kinda had MVP last year, and then all of a sudden, people are like, hell no. I'm not voting for him again. And Bede's my guy. That just took off and, race entered the conversation and all that stupid stuff, like, you know and so that was weird stuff last year. Now, the, will the voters get it right? Doc, I don't think so. I I think Jokic is gonna win this, dude. I do. SGA is my guy, like I said. I think he should win MVP this year. Jokic is clearly very close. On DraftKings right now, Jokic is at minus 145. Shea is a distant plus 230. And I do like Shea at plus 230 a lot. I also like Jokic at minus 145. I would say at this point, he's likely to win it, and you're only giving up a little bit of juice there, doc. That's not bad. I would play both of those and just play it out, kinda hedge and and see what's up. So I think one of those 2 guys are gonna win this award doc. But in the last straw poll that ESPN did with Tim Bonetemps, which is huge because he literally polls the voters, and so it's like a real time leaderboard of MVP, and Jokic was the guy. Okay? And so what has SGA done and will do over the next, I don't know, 4 weeks until he does that straw poll again to maybe get people voting for SGA over Jokic? I don't know. Right? I mean, SGA just comes along, doc, basically, same stat line every night. They win every night. So what is he gonna do to overtake Jokic? I think Jokic might win this thing, dude. Well, and what we saw last year, like you were alluding to, is people getting on TV and talking smack and changing narratives and swinging votes and swaying elections and, you know, there's a there's a dude that works that is on TV for the big boys that is going to have a lot of say probably in what happens, and we know who he is. And I don't think he's gonna be out there pushing real hard for Luca. I can see Tatum. I can see the Tatum thing coming through. And and, you know, I've been saying all year, honestly, like, if you're gonna vote for MVP if you're gonna bet on MVP, go with Tatum just because he's on the best team and he's he's the best player on the best team. Now I don't know if that narrative works anymore. Like you said, it's a different it's a different world today, man. It's the stats are different. There's younger people voting on this than there used to be, and it's it's gonna be an interesting finish to see who wins MVP. Alright, man. It is the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast, Rick Kamla and Steve Alexander. He's a hall of famer. We are the OGs. Is the Ben Matherin spike real or only because Ernie Smith is out of the lineup? Doc, I say it's not real. Math since the all star break has been awesome. 20 points, 7 rebounds, 4 assists, 1 and a half steals, 3.3 threes. I mean, this is a juicy stat line. He's making 45% of his shots. And Neesmith has missed all 4 of those games since the all star break. And when Neesmith is healthy, you know what Rick Carlisle's gonna do? He's gonna go, Scrooge. He's gonna go, what's my what he's gonna go, I I can't think of it. But, you know, kinda like the I was a character that's in buzzkill mode, and it's escaping me right now. Doc, was up late watching Lakers and Clippers. But, anyway, none of that matters. He loves Nesmith, and when Nesmith is healthy, he is going to be in that starting lineup. Why what does Rick Carlisle see in Andrew Nevin? Could you please I feel like cussing right now, but I'm not going to. Could you please explain what the f Rick Carlisle sees in Andrew Nevin? Just start him over Ben Matherin. Can you please effing explain this to me? Because it drives me crazy. And Rick Carlisle's my guy, but I hate his rotation stock. I freaking hate his rotations. Ben Matherin should be starting and playing 33 minutes a game every single night without question. I cannot explain it. I have no answers. I don't like it. I like Matherin, man. And and, you know, I I kinda went all in on Matherin last night. He is yeah. His numbers after breaker good, but a lot of them are buoyed by that 11 of 15 shooting game on Monday against the Raptors when he had 34 points, 9 boards, 5 assists, a block, and 2 steals, and oh oh, yeah. 5 triples. Like, that was the game. And that game, I was like, okay. Maybe that's turning all of this around and we're gonna get math and season the rest of the way. But then last night against the Pelicans, 6 of 17 shooting, not very good. 4 triples, that was nice. 16 points, 4 boards, 5 fouls, just more ho home. And really, I feel like Matherin is like 1 monster game, every two and a half weeks, and then it's just sort of mediocrity for 2 two and a half more weeks. And then another explosion, and then everybody gets excited. But the thing is, the numbers you cited at the very beginning of your take since the All Star break are real and they're good, and this guy should be rostered in a heck of a lot more places than he is. But why, Rick Carlisle loves them hard and keeps running them out there over Matherin? I am unable to answer that with my feeble little mind. Maybe just maybe if Ben Matherin started and had consistent minutes every night as opposed to this yo yo, his play would be more consistent. Have we considered that, Rick Carlisle? Alright. Bull Bull, doc. Is the Bull Bull spike real? You go first on this one. You know, my son's favorite basketball player is Bobo. Every time Bobo does something, Soarin gets so fired up. I don't know why. I don't know where it came from. It's probably because we got him on his 2 k team or whatever. But he's all fired up about Bobo every time Bobo shows a pulse, which is about twice every NBA season for the last 6 years. Right? And and it's happening right now. We've got, what, 2 games 2 games in a row that we've seen Bobo, like, show up, show out. I don't have him on my list of guys you need to stash. I don't have him on my list of guys you need to run out and pick up. It's Phoenix. Feel like they get bored every once in a while. I'm just gonna try something different so this one. Throw a bull bull out there and I'd see what happens. But it is fun when it happens, man. Because he you get reminded every time it happens that how good he is and you watch Victor when Mennama play every night and really bowl bowl is a mini Vic Wimby. I wish they'd let him play more, but a lot of this as you wrote on our script, is because Beal has missed 4 games in a row, and other guys are banged up. And it's it's kinda bobble spike time, but I wish I wish it was real, but I don't feel like it is. I I'm a Bradley Beal manager in the cam dynasty, much to my chagrin, so I follow all of these ebbs and flows. And it's it's beyond even the sample size that we've had here. Like, other, like, mini spikes for Bull Bull, they happen when Brad Beal is out. When Beal is in and when Booker is in and when Durant is in, you never hear from Bobo. This is a Bradley Beal thing. The spike is not real. Okay? Sell high with Bobo if you can right now because he is a buzz guy and a hype guy. You know, and he had the major game, the Laker game, 25 and 14 and oohs and ahs and going viral. Came back the next game pretty good, not great. 11 points, 4 rebounds, 2 blocks. He's going to be a 12 to 15 minute player when all of their guys are healthy. And you think about the pecking order, doc. You've got, you know, a Grayson Allen starts, and so then the 6th man is Eric Gordon. Then you have Bo Boal and Eubanks. Right? Because Eubanks backs up to 5. Bobol basically backs up to 4. And, you know, Bobol can back up to 3 or the 5 as well. But there's just not gonna be a ton of minutes for him, when all of these guys get healthy. So enjoy it. I've already sent him back to waivers and the Cam Dynasty because I don't know who the hell I picked up, but I just don't trust it because I know Beal is going to be coming back here at some point. So, doc, let me, get into a league that I've got, and it's not my league. I believe Brandon Kleist does this league. I don't know if you've heard of it. It's called Sam Henke's letter. It's a 20 team league. I'm actually surprised you're not in this league. It's a bunch bunch of industry people. I won this chip, a few years back. I traded I mean, it was a horror just a terrible trade for me as it as it looks now. I traded Tyler Herro, Jaren Jackson Junior, and, like, 2 years of draft picks for Steph Curry. And, and I won. I've got Trae Young and Ja and Sabonis and Nurkic and PJ Washington. I got I got a squad, but I probably should've kept j j j and hero for the long haul. Oh, well. I went with Steph. I got a ring. It's cool. But, but now, doc, Ja Morant's out for the year. I got Trae Young. He may be out for the year. And so right? No, Ja. No, Trae. I'm the best team in this league, doc, by 4 and a half games. Number 1 out of 20, best record in the league, looking for my 2nd chip. And so I'm screwed. Like, as is, I'm screwed. I don't have enough. I'm putting Dalen Terry in my damn starting lineup, okay, because it's a 20 team league. So I get a trade off for Dock from a team called Harden in the paint, and he wants Bo Bo and he wants Jalen Suggs. Now he's tugging at my heartstrings with Jalen Suggs because Jalen Suggs is one of the prime cam bedded homies. But you can't fall in love with your players, people. I tell you this all the time. And Bo Bo, he wants Jalen Suggs in Bo Bo. Doc, he is offering me, and I've already accepted this straight, Draymond Green, Bobby Portis, Mike Conley, and Duncan Robinson. And I understand the age with Draymond Green and Mike Conley. I totally get it. That is not lost on me. This is a dynasty slash keeper league. We keep 10. Okay? But, doc, I'm looking for a chip, man, and I need fortifications, and I need depth. And so I just picked up Duncan Robinson, who's killing it, by the way, very very quietly, very softly. Mike Conley decided to your extension to come back and do the 10.6 assist, 1 steal, 2, 3 high efficiency thing. Okay. That works for me. Bobby Portis is, like, 29 or 30. Right? Still flirting with double doubles every night. Draymond Green is, what, 33? But he does he's a he has he's always had old man game. I think Draymond Green is gonna age well, do the triple single thing. He's becoming a good 3 point shooter. Ala Markisaw, Ala Dre, Brook Lopez, You know, it sort of halfway through their career, they pivoted and became good 3 point shooters. So what do you think of my trade, bro? I got Draymond, Bobby Portis, Mike Conley, Duncan Robinson for Bo Bowl, and Jalen Suggs. What do you think of my what do you think of my trade, bro? I don't really even understand it because you gave away Jalen Suggs. They got 4 guys who can help you right now. I mean, Duncan Robinson that had 11 assists the other night, right? Mike Conley was terrible, terribly quiet in his last game and burn me and FanDuel, but we've talked for weeks on this very podcast about what a good year. Mike Conley's having and in a 20 team lead. You can't just go out there and find a point guard to pick up and replace tray and jaw. You can't do it. Like you said, you mentioned some dude I haven't even heard of that you plugged into your lineup. I I didn't catch who whose name was Darren Terry of Chicago, the former Arizona wing. No. No. I no. You need Mike Conley. You need Duncan Robinson. You need Draymond Green. And, the the 4th guy that you mentioned in that deal Portis. Yeah. Portis. I he he's gonna play I mean, we know Giannis is gonna miss a couple more games with a knee. We know Khris Middleton is not Khris Middleton anymore. Like, Portis is a real deal. I think that's a steal of a trade for you because you're not gonna miss Bull Bull, and maybe you miss Jalen Suggs, you know, next year, 2 years from now. You you might miss him a little bit, but you might Mike Conley may get hot again and win you this league. Here's the thing with Seulgo. He is not a point guard, and he never will be a point guard. Okay, doc? You know what I'm saying? Seulgs is not all of a sudden gonna have a role change and become a 7 assist per game guy. He's not that guy. He is a he is a 2 guard. He is a Pat Beverly, Marcus Smart. Like, you could play him at the 1, but he's not a 1. He's a 2, in a one's body. So I I'm I don't feel like I'm giving up you know, 3 years from now, Suggs is gonna all of a sudden become an 18 and 8 guy. I don't feel like I'm giving that up. Suggs is a one of the best defensive players in the entire NBA, and he makes some threes and he hits some, and gets some steals. Okay? He's he's good with fantasy gold. He's about 1.4 steals, about 2 threes a game. I like him. K? But, I mean, damn. I had to do this straight. Doc, let me tell you something, man. I don't know how long I've been, playing, on Yahoo, the the Yahoo format. Since 2011 maybe, doc? Something like that. Okay? 2009, 2011, something like that. And I'm completely hooked now. I the reason I'm so hooked on Yahoo is the rating system. Okay? I'm big on the rating system. I'm in the 1,000 now, for basketball. I'm diamond rated in baseball. I'm diamond rated in football. Like, my ratings are just I'm I'm, very prideful of my rating stock. Okay? I love the rating system on Yahoo, and it drives some of my decision making, and it's just a huge deal for me, man. If only for my own satisfaction, doc. It's like our stats. It's like the back of our baseball card. You know what I'm saying? So I like it, man. But, but yeah. And so, you know, I'm not gonna take out leagues where I feel like I'm in a disadvantage. You know what I'm saying? I gotta keep our rating high, doc, but, but I'm excited about that trade, dude, and, I'm gonna go try to win my 2nd ship in, like, a 4 or 5 year period. But I've noticed I I've got So what I was gonna say, doc, is I think this is the first trade since I have been on the Yahoo format. The literally the first trade that I've been like like that cartoon where the eyeballs get big and you're like, oh my god. Somebody is hooking me up. I'm actually getting hooked up here. Guys, I get offered trades in hockey leagues. I get offered trades in football, in baseball, in basketball. They all are complete and total trash. They make no sense. They're the most immediate reject of all time. And then last night, the angels are singing. Doc, it's just before I go to bed. Just watch Lakers and Clippers. I'm brushing my teeth, getting ready to go to bed. And I look at my phone, I'm like, dude, I gotta do this straight. So I immediately, like, looked into it a little bit. I accepted that trade. I was like, I don't wanna sleep on this and let this guy wake up and rescind the trade off. Or, no, I'm banging this one now. And then you then you couldn't sleep for another hour, so you had to go back to the TV room and and restart the whole process over again. Well, that's not true. You were so that was not you were so jacked about your trade. I was. I was. But I I can turn it off pretty quickly, man. I can turn it off pretty quickly. Hey. Is the Terrence Mann spike real? He had another solid game last night for the Clippers, and that lost to the Lakers. Is the team man spike real, doc? Well, I kinda thought, initially, it was gonna be the Norman Powell spike, but Terrence Mann is ballin'. And Terrence Mann looks really good, and, it's funny because I was writing the doctor a mailbag rotor wire column last night, and people kept asking me about t man. And I was getting my t man's mixed up because there's Trey Mann and there's Terrence Mann. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it was it was messing with my head a little bit. It was later at night. I was watching Terrence man. I was writing about Trey man. I I was I was talking about LaMelo Ball. I was I was all very confused. But, Terrence man Terrence Mann has looked really good for 4 games for the Clippers. And Paul George I mean, we gotta figure out this Paul George knee thing. Like, is it just a sore knee? Is he fine? Is he gonna take another game off and come back in the next one or is his knee becoming a problem and the Clippers are gonna, you know, milk and nurse this very carefully the rest of the way to make sure he's healthy for the playoffs. I mean, I don't really know, but I do know that I think Terrence, man, is a hell of a pickup right now. Okay. So I disagree, with that. I I don't. I I think he's a streamer for you right now. It's the best I got for Terrence, man. Ward Janowski said on ESPN last night that Paul George is close to coming back. And so maybe another game out, but it's not gonna be a long term thing. That's what Wojnarowski was saying last night on ESPN, so take that for what it is. But Paul George has missed the last two games. Man has been good the last 3 games. So it started the game before George went out when he had 23 and 12, and then Mann in the 2 games without George went 14, 6, and 4. And then last night, 16, 6, and 2, very, very high efficiency. He made 5 threes over that 3 game span, although that is not a stat to be counted on from Terrence Mann in any way, shape, or form. But, again, tracking this team, Terrence Mann does not get shots when the big boys are healthy. He just does not. He'll get 5 shots, 6 shots. He'll give you 5, 6, 7 points, and it's a nothing nickels and dimes stat line that you leave on Waiver. So I don't believe that the Terrence Mann spike is real. Doc, is the Ayodosumo spike real? It has been for, like, what? Month and a half, 2 months, somewhere in there. I mean, he's been playing good. And, Lonzo Ball not coming through that door. Alex Caruso injured again. And funny thing happened yesterday. IO played well. Right? Like, Ios been been playing well. But I love the fact that Chicago looked at who they were playing last night. They're like, alright, we're playing Cleveland. They go Evan Mobley and Jared Allen. So guess what? We're gonna go, booch, and we're gonna go big man Andre Drummond and see what happens. And Drummond out of nowhere, dude, goes for 17 points, 26 rebounds, and 3 blocks. I wish I would've known this was happening. I wasn't paying attention. I would've fan dueled the heck out of that. But, yeah, I think I was kinda real. I think the sumo should be a guy that's rostered everywhere, and hopefully, he's not, you know, he's not the reason Kobe White suddenly can't make a shot. I think the Kobe White thing, doc, is a little bit what Steph Curry is going through right now, and I don't think it's the fatigue that Steve Kerr has been talking about. Curry said he's not tired. I heard a broadcaster the other night said he didn't think he was tired. I don't think he's tired. He's a shooter. He shoots from distance. It home run hitters go in slumps, guys. And then they hit and they they you know, 15 home runs in a month, and then the next month, they'll have 2 home runs. And Steph, obviously, a lot a lot more consistent than that. But he is a home run hitter, and you're not gonna hit home runs every night, and you're gonna go through spells where you just kinda sorta don't have it. And then, you know, you're gonna pop out of it with a 45, and everybody's gonna go, oh, Steph is fine. I've been down this road before with Steph Curry. He's tired. He's tired. He's not tired. He's not tired. He's just not making shots. And I feel that way about Kobe White right now. He's just not making shots. He's in a a bit of a cold spell, a bit of a, like, a mini slump, and I think he'll pull out of it. I'm not worried about him at all. I think the Io spike is real. I really do. Over the last month, he's gone 16, 3, and 4, 1.3 steals, 2.8 threes. This is fantasy gold we've never gotten from Ayo. Okay? 52% shooting over that month span, and now Caruso's hurt. But he was in there and starting and playing huge minutes even with Caruso. Okay? Like I said, Darren Terry is in their damn rotation, and Doc doesn't know who Dalen Terry is. Okay? Iyo is good. Iyo is good. He is going to get these minutes, man. So that spike is real. Alright? So the ball ball spill to me, not ball ball spike, not real. The Terrence Mann spike, not real. The Mathurin spike, not real. But the IO speak to me pardon me. Spike to me is real. Wow. Now you've got me in the alphabet soup, doc. Alright. Talk to me about some stashes, dude. Who do you wanna stash on your roster? Who do you want our great audience to stash on their roster? Well, I just think there's guys you need to I I think people the one of the main reasons they're here is to hear about guys that not named Luca and and Trae Young that they can go pick up off of a waiver wire. It's it's pretty rare in fantasy hoops that a name as big as Trae Young goes down, and there's not someone sitting there on your waiver wire that you can pick up that's gonna fill in his slack. But that's sort of what it is with Trae and the Hawks because they're built so weird. They've got Dejounte Murray. But if Bogey Bogdanovich is sitting there on your waiver wire, I think that's the guy you wanna grab. KCP, Kentavious Caldwell Pope for Denver played really well last night. He was sitting on a waiver wire. They were a they were a Wednesday, Thursday team this week, and that's when I needed bodies to play. I picked up Cantabian's Caldwell Pope. I get 4 triples last night, scored points, put us put up some nice numbers. He's a good good guy to look at picking up. And then looking ahead to next week after Cam Thomas went down on Monday. That was terrible. Dorian Finney Smith has a 5 game week for the Brooklyn Nets. I'm not saying Dorian Finney Smith is gonna come out and knock your socks off. He's not gonna put up huge numbers. His game on Monday was garbage. But in a 5 game week, he may give you 3 games worthy of, what you're looking for. So those are a few guys on my list. Trey Mann is there, Terrence Mann, Podgemski, obviously. Rick and I think he should not even be in the discussion to be picked up. The Thompson Twins, Matherin, Ponteccio. The other weird guy on my list, and he was not on my list until, Tuesday's podcast. I got some some tweets in my ear. Lamar Stevens supposedly well, he has been playing well for Memphis. Now he didn't do anything at all last night, but all these Memphis Biggs are hurt. Gigi Jackson is up and down like a yo yo and Lamar Stevens when Gigi's off, Lamar plays well. I'm not sure we'll ever see Gigi and Lamar play well together, but deeply, those are 2 guys you wanna keep an eye on too. Alright. Fonsecchio has my attention. I actually streamed him the other night, and he was he was decent. Over the last couple of weeks, he's at 15 points, and he's at 3 threes per game. This should not be on waivers. He's 22% rostered in Yahoo Leagues, and I get it like he's not giving you, blocks. He's not giving you steals. There is high efficiency with that. He's at 52%. But when you are at if you're at 12 or 13 points, that's waiver wire. If you're at 15 points, to me, that's not waiver wire. And if you're at 3 threes, that's not waiver wire. And he's playing, he's starting. I believe that it it'll probably continue here for Detroit, and they may bring Asar off the bench because Fonsecchio is the new boe on, for the for the Detroit team. He's their their catch and shoot guy, with all the other guys that they have. So Fonsecchio has my eye. It's a deep league special. You know? It he's Tim Hardaway esque. Right? He's not going to give you a lot outside of points and threes, but the points and threes to me are too good to be on waivers. You oh, boy. You mentioned Gigi Jackson, man. Last night against Minnesota, k? He was hitting logo threes in the first half and step back threes and, like, going off and, like, he was on pace for, like, a 25 point game. I think he had one bucket after halftime. K? So we literally, we saw what doctor said with Gigi Jackson in last night's game. Big first half, zilch second half, all wrapped up into 1 basketball game. So, Doc, let's set up some comments here before we get out of here and, and, you know, wish the people a good weekend, man. Let's let's get cracking here. Alright. Paul wants to know, Keontae George or Scoot Anderson? For me, it's Keontae, 90 to 10. It's it's a 100 to 0 for me. I mean, where is Scoot? He's hurt, and he might be out for the year now. He plays for doc, tell him, who does he play for? Portland. And what do they do late in seasons, at least the last 2 years? Shut it down. Just saying, man. That this is a 100 to 0, Keontae. I thought I was being generous with 9010. Okay. So what we're saying is Paul, yeah. It is a 100% Keontae. Put a y in there, and we'll move on. Alright. Christian Rogers says, I traded Triple J, Jaren Jackson, junior and Jabari Smith for Anthony Davis. I already like it. Of course, Triple J went nuts last night right after he dealt him, but I'm still waiting for the triple j shutdown. The lakers are rolling, and Anthony Davis is not going anywhere. I like that trade a lot. Yeah. And the the lakers are are in a big time push now. This is go time. Right, doc? This is not they're no longer cruise control and maintenance. No. We've turned the corner here. We got about 20 games left, and it's time to start the ascent to what they think is gonna be a gold ball. Now Jabari Smith is rolling, doc. And, you know, the last 3 games, this had to be hard to give up, for my man here. He's at basically 20 points and basically, like, 14 rebounds over these last 3 games, but it's been the last 3 games. Is this sustainable? This is not how Jabari Smith has, been rolling throughout his career. Obviously, it's great to see. You know, he's at 13 and 9, basically, if you round, up and down on the season. And so I would say that these games right now were an outlier. I am worried about a j j j shutdown, because Bane probably is not coming back. Smart probably is not coming back. Jott definitely is not coming back. So Jaren Jackson Junior's kinda out there with the with the, the, the Memphis hustle. With the g league team. Okay? So how long do they wanna operate like that? Probably not until the end of the season. And so, doc, if you told me that JJJ was gonna play the rest of the year, and if you told me Jabari Smith was gonna do what he has done over the last 3 games the rest of the year, I would say, don't do the trade. But I but you can't tell me that, and and I don't think those things are gonna happen. So I like the trick. Emman Barris wants to know about b ball Paul. What is going on, Rick? 17 minutes, 0 points. I he it'll have 2 good games and 2 horrible games. I I just I I, yeah, I can't do it, man. He drives me nuts. I think we're finding out why Paul Reed is a backup and paid as a backup. You know, he's making, Zeke Nogdi money. He's making Joc Landale money. Okay? That's the you know, that's where he's at. And, by the way, all of those guys are making a lot more than, like, a Russell Westbrook or a Kelly Ugray. Right? These guys in veteran minimum contracts. For the love of god, make it make sense. But, yeah, Paul Reed. I'm looking at his game log here, doc, and, the last game was like, what? It was a Boston game, though, so it's probably a matchup thing. Nick Nurse went small in that game. And that's the problem. There's these games where Nick's Nick Nurse is like, I gotta go small to try to keep up with the others because they don't have the 35 points a game from Joel Embiid. So when they're trying to make that up and if I mean, Paul Reed didn't score a point. So I gotta put dudes out there that are gonna put the ball in the hole, sacrifice rebounding and defense. I mean, look, Nick Nurse is my guy. Okay? I'm buddies with Nick Nurse. I feel bad for him. They're screwed without Joel Embiid. I mean, stick a fork in them. They are done. They are a toasty turkey ready to come out and eat. Okay? And so, I don't know, Paul Paul Reed to me is a streamer, doc. If it's a Thursday night and there's 3 games and I'm down 5 rebounds in my matchup, I'm a go ahead and pick up Paul Reed and put him in my lineup. That's it. That's that's all I got on Paul Reed. I do like who they play in the next 2 games. They play they play, somebody who has got a couple decent centers and then they play Dallas who now has 3 big men. So I think Paul Reed's gonna play well in his next two games. But, man, he's just he's rough and, you know, Nick Nurse may be your guy. I'm not a big Nick Nurse guy. I'm still mad at him about Chris Boucher and the 20 years he sat on that man. And Paul Reed is Darko Raichkovitch doesn't play Boucher either. This is not a Nick Nurse thing, dude. This is a Boucher motor thing. Stop banging on my guy Nick Nurse. Boucher's 31 now, dude. He wasn't when Nick Nurse got him. He was 25. He was always lazy. You've been a lazy player, man. What's up, doc and Rick? It's Brian b. Can you guys rate these players in order? Amen Thompson, Andre Drummond, Grayson Allen. Rick, I'm gonna take this one first. I'm gonna go my order is Grayson Amen Drummond. I'm gonna go Drummond Allen and, and, Amen, in in that order. Let me, let me just quickly here look at Drummond's, game log, just to make sure, but I I I don't think I'm gonna change my answer here. Where is, so no. I'm not gonna change I mean, god bless America. These are some numbers, man. 17 and 26, 20 and 11. Okay. 7 and 8, not big. Then 11 and 8, then 10 and 15. No. No. No. No. The these are solid numbers, man. And, look, there's gonna be games where where he doesn't play a lot. And then like Doc explained, like, the Twin Tower thing. Okay. So when you aggregate it all and accumulate it all, it's all gonna end up with a pretty darn good stat line for Andre Drummond. I do trust him. Grayson Allen, obviously, kinda low on the points, high in the threes, good efficiency. And then, Ahmed, I I think it's gonna be kinda, up and down here. I mean, I love the kid, but that's how I would stack it. Drummond 1, Grayson 2, and Ahmed 3. Oh, this is nice. This dude acts like I talk about my 30 team league for, like, 30 minutes a show. Dawkins' 3rd team is the biggest eye rolling topic there is. Well, Rick's awesome in that league, and I don't think we spend that much time on it. So sorry. Barnyard Bros. Come on, man. Come on, man. You do not you do not I would bust your balls if you excessively talked about your 30 deep team. I I would take you deep. Brent, Barnyard Brothers, just know that I am the, 30 deep police here. I will take doc deep if he's talking too much about his squad. Right. Did I just talk too much about my squad in Sam Hinkie's letter with that trade that we talked about? Yes. That was that that was I now next week, he'll be back with Hinkie's hinkies number. Whatever is the most eye rolling topic. There is Brian be wants to know. Is it me or is Halliburton Tyrese? Albert not 100%. Are they playing in because of 65 game rule? He hasn't looked the same since the injury. That's just not true. That's just not true. That's just not true. Brian, I gotta get you right. Brian, we gotta get you NBA League pass, my friend. Hallie was Hallie again before the all star break. The minutes restriction was removed. He had 10 threes in the all star game. He's been a badass in every game but one since the all star break. He's going, like, over this stretch, like, right around 2010. The Pacers have won 7 of their last 10 games, all with Tyrese Halliburton. Trust me. The I mean, I watched last night's game wire to wire. Halliburton literally took over the game like Max Drus did the night before, although with assists. He had bam bam bam bam 4 dimes in a row after making a step back 3. 3 of them to Siakam, 1 of them to Turner, and and said night night to the game. Tyrese Haliburton is Tyrese Haliburton, doc. I I am not worried at all. I mean, clearly, we have a Hammy that could get reinjured, but I don't see an injured player out there right now. I don't either. I I do understand the question though because the numbers are different than they were before. That and I think that's what Brian's point is. I think the numbers are different, but like you said, he's leading in different ways. Maybe, you know, like we were talking about Kobe White. We were talking about Steph Curry. These guys, you know, your shot comes and goes. You get on streaks. You get in cold spells. And, you know, maybe he's not bombing threes all the time, but he's he's helping out with assists. And the Pacers are winning, they're rolling, and I I don't think there's anything wrong with Tyrese Albert. Also Joel Embiid on a 20 team league with no IL slot, which means you gotta cut him or you gotta keep him. Currently ranked 8th in the standings. Lee goes up to the end of the season. Rick, if there's no IL and you're trying to get in the playoffs and win a ring, are you hanging on to Joel Embiid right now? You have to. He he you just can't drop him. You just can't drop him. There if if look, I would I feel better about Joel Embiid coming back than I do about Julius Randle coming back. Julius Randle and the Knicks still have not ruled out surgery. That is very haunting and daunting to me. Embiid already got cut. So now it's about the comeback. Sham Charania and Adrian Ward Janowski are reporting that there's hope and optimism, which I flush because it means nothing, but they're talking about a late March return to the court at which point a ramp up would ensue. So there is a chance, especially in a league as he says here where it goes all the way up to the end of the season, I think that's a horror horrible way to do it. I would chop off at least the last week, maybe the last 2 weeks, because that's silly season. Okay? That's not indicative of of the team that has gotten you to that point. But, okay, you're gonna play it out till the end. Embiid might actually come back for that second to last week or that last week. Any if you get that far, and then you're, you know, taking a syringe and injecting into your team, Joel Embiid, you can't drop him to me, doc. You can't drop him. Alright. Yeah. I don't know, man. I I don't know. I I even if he comes back and gets on the court in March and then he I mean, maybe I I think I think we're gonna see Joel Embiid play, like, 3 meaningful regular season games the rest of the way. And for me, I don't know if I can hold him for the rest of the season for that. But like you said, there's so much risk involved in dropping him in case he does come back early in plays. Like Here here's where this takes my brain. Be doc, I've done this before. You drop a guy like Joel Embiid. Doc, what is going to happen when this when, when Eon drops Joel Embiid? What is going to happen? News is gonna break the next day that Joel Embiid has resumed on court activities. Okay. Well, that could happen. Well, where I'm going with somebody is going to pick him up. Right? Oh, yeah. Somebody in his league is going to pick him up. So immediately then, you're gonna be like, oh, shit. I just screwed up. K? Now check this out. What if that guy that picks up Joel Embiid plays my man, Ion, in the championship round and he has Embiid and Ion does not? Ion is going to want to jump off of a cliff. Okay? Yeah. Those are big ifs. Big ifs. They are, but you have to prepare for that. He's also gonna be feeling the same way if he sat on Joel Embiid till the end and we don't see him again till the till the actual playoffs. Ian, good luck with that decision. Doc and Cam have weighed in. Last one. Dan Sicario. Ben Simmons or Derek Lively in 9 Cat? What? They're both on the wire. Ben Simmons is dead to me. Dead. Who is that? Who is Ben Simmons? When I see Ben Simmons now, I think Bill Simmons, which is very, very unfortunate because I don't like that guy, and I won't say his name again. I've had problems with that guy over the years. Okay? And all you guys like him and his cute little podcast. I think that guy sucks. Okay? So, and he thinks I suck, and that's fine. But, but Ben Simmons, doc, he is dead to me, man. He he's hurt again. He's hurt again. This guy will never be the same guy. He will never be the 1688 triple double dude with the defensive goodies that he was in Philly. That guy's gone. Never coming back. No. I I agree. I I'm guessing there's somebody better than Derek Lively to pick up off your wire. Although Lively block 4 shots here tonight. He's starting for Dallas, but I would scour that wire pretty hard and find make sure you're picking up the right guy. I don't think the right guy has been Simmons. Now they do play 5 games next week, but Ben Simmons will be lucky to play in 2 of those. So throw the 5 games out the window and take a look around. Rick, I think we're out of time, dude. We're right at 59 minutes. That's the wheelhouse. It's where we like to be. I'll be back on Tuesday with Ken, the k train crates, one of Campbell's favorite people. You and I will be back here doing this again next Thursday. Maybe we'll have a clearer picture on, what people should be doing with Joel Embiid by then. LeBron could have scored his 50,000th point, and we'll go from there. You know, man, doc, thanks for joining us everybody on the Rodelweiler Fantasy Basketball podcast. Good luck in going some games, Joe.