Hey, everybody. Welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast sponsored by smart bracket. Io. It's that time of year, to get your brackets ready. So we're gonna talk about that in a little bit. It's Thursday, March 14th. I'm doc. He's Rick. We got a lot to talk about. Let's dive right in after this quick jam. So good to have you all with us here on the World of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. We are the OGs. Rick Kamla and FSWA Hall of Famer Steve Alexander, aka doctor a. And so there's so much to talk about here. We are a week away or 2 weeks away from the Fantasy Basketball playoffs. This is chip time. Okay? This is where we really gotta lock in. You know, those of us, we've been locked in all year, but, you gotta you gotta pick it up a notch. The waiver wire is gonna be even more important now than it is. It's silly season as doc has been saying here for a few weeks. So, doc, let's start with, a big game last night, the best game of the night last night. It was Chicago's overtime victory over the Indiana Pacers, and DeMar DeRozan had 46 points in this game. He's a stud future hall of famer. Maybe we circle back to that. Maybe we do not. I mean, you all know what's up with DeMar DeRozan. You draft him. You play him. You enjoy. But, doc, it looks like we lost Kobe White last night, for a minute, and I hope that that speculation is not accurate. Billy Donovan said after the game, it's a right hip injury, and so okay. Cool. It's not a knee, but it is a hip. And and so is it a hip flexor? Is it a strain? Did it slightly come out of the socket a little bit? Because, he was, he had a run out late in the game. Pasco this is late in regulation. Pasco Siakam did the Anthony Edwards thing where he completely sold out and went Ray Lewis and just flew in for the remember Ant Man on Nesmith in the, Minnesota win over Indiana? Siakam did that to Kobe last night and crushed him, landed on him all the weight, and Kobe was kind of in, like, a splits fashion with all of the weight coming down on his right hip and kinda knee and leg area here. So, doc, you know, I there's not a lot of options here outside of, like, a Caruso, outside of the Iodisumo, but how are you processing what happened with Kobe White last night? Well, I'm I'm not processing it very well. As you know, I need Kobe White in my 30 team playoff matchup. Oh, you have him in 30 deep? Every guy we bring up, you have him 30 deep. This is amazing. I have a good team. I'm winning right now, but I need Kobe White, man. And Desumu had a good game. Caruso is is probably the pickup. I I don't know. Kobe White was horrible on Monday in game 1 for the week. He wasn't great last night, but he at least played. And now now he's hurt. So now I don't know how much he's gonna play the rest of the week. So we're gonna we're gonna know more this afternoon. Right? So you're muted, bro. We should know more about Kobe White this afternoon, but, maybe not. I don't think the, the Bulls are, on the schedule here tonight. I'm kinda in last night mode a little bit here. They're they do play tonight. Then we'll know. Clifford Yeah. Clippers at Bulls at 8. James Harden, shoulder questionable. Kawhi Leonard, back questionable. For that game, so, doc, Alex Caruso last night popped for 23 points, 5 threes, 7 rebounds, and 7 assists. He is rostered by me in the CAM dynasty because of the stocks. He's right around 3 stocks a game when you add up his steals, when you add up his blocks. He's probably the best shot blocking guard in the NBA, and I say that knowing that Derrick White, is an awesome shot blocker as well. SGA is a pretty good shot blocker. Caruso might be the best guard. Shot blocker, clearly one of the best perimeter defenders in the game. So, doc, I've been rostering Alex Caruso while he has been giving me 9 points, 3 rebounds, 3 assists, 3 stocks, 1.7 threes, and shooting, like, 48, 49, 50%. He does not take bad shots. Okay? Now I think we are going to get a bonanza from Alex Caruso because the cupboard has been stripped bare. Pat Williams is out. They got all the other guys hurt, man. It's gonna be and if Kobe White is out, it's kinda sorta gonna be DeRozan, Vooch, and Caruso with some Ayo, Ayo. But if Ayo or Caruso were out there, doc, who would you recommend the pickup between those two guys? Well, first of all, Caruso is 27% rostered in ESPN league. So this is available in almost 75% of ESPN league. So, he's sitting out there. I think it's that's probably a lower number than the sumo, so you got a better chance of getting Crusoe. At this point, I want either one of them. If if the sumo or Caruso is available in my league, I'm picking either one of them up. I think my priority is the sumo just because he's flashier. He his numbers pop a little more, but it depends on what you're looking for too. If you're looking for steals and blocks and you're looking for that defense, then Caruso might be the guy, but it's pretty close either way. The other thing about Kobe White is Kobe White is in the hunt for, most improved player, and he's gonna he's he's also kind of a dog. I I I kinda feel like this is not a guy that's just gonna take a game off if his hip hurts a little bit. Like, he's gonna have to be injured to miss time right now. So I I don't I'm hoping this may be just me being hopeful because it's on my team, but I'm hoping, this is just maybe a one game thing for Kobe. But either way, I'm probably I'm I'm looking at Caruso or Desumu, whichever one's available in my league. Well, you know me, doctor Ray. I am all about the fantasy gold. I'm all about the steals, the blocks, and the threes, and I believe Caruso's gonna be better in those areas than Io. I'm more look, man. I I hope that Kobe I don't think he's gonna play tonight. I I think that's pretty safe. They're gonna run tests on him, they were saying. And, we we gotta hope for the best year with Kobe White. But, guys, run, don't walk to get Alex Caruso and or Iodisumo on your team. Doc, you have Alpi Shangoon. I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but you have Alpi Shangoon on your roster in the Cannes dynasty. And so I hope you all understand that the sarcasm going on there. But, but so you you, dodged a bullet here, right, without being not blowing out his an ACL or anything like that. He's got a severe ankle sprain. He's got a knee bruise, you know, and all that kind of stuff. So he's probably gonna be out for the year. Joc Landale. I wanna talk with you about Joc Landale and congratulate you on Alpi not blowing out, his ACL. But Joc Landale, in the first game after Alpi went out, did not start. They started Jabari Smith. They brought Ahman Thompson into the starting lineup, and I dig what Udoka is doing. Landale still played starters minutes, 26. He won 11 points, 4 rebounds, 5 assists, 1 block, 2 steals, and 13. And, doc, I think it's important to note that he was with the finishing group for the Houston Rockets in this basketball game. What are you doing with Landale here? Well, it's interesting. I I wrote a column for rotor wire today. It's a mailbag column. And I said on Twitter something like, you know, hopefully, Jacqueline Landau can stay relevant in Houston. And a guy a guy with Twitter handle, Kimosabe 73, came back to me and said, why are you worried about Landau? There's nobody else to play center, in Houston, and he should be fine for the rest of the year. Right? And my point is, I'm all for picking up Landau, rolling with him until we see what happens. But the rockets can easily play a small lineup and not really mess with Landau if they don't want to. There's also a lot of kind of semi hot centers out there on waiver wires right now that, Derek Lively and and Daniel Gafford are actually gonna play together in Dallas. So I don't know that Landale is a must have guy. You also look at the fact that rockets play 3 games, next week or they're yeah. They're 3 games next week during a 3 game week this week. So I think if if I'm sitting out there and I need a center, I'm picking up Landale. I'm rolling him out there. I'm seeing what's happening. But I'm not, like, locked into him, and I'm not gonna be totally bummed if I don't get him. And I don't know that he's a season championship game changer in fantasy. I agree with all of that. I've got him in the cam dynasty, and he is on the cut line. Right? Like, if he comes back in the next game and and he maybe it's foul trouble, maybe Udoka just sees something and and Landau plays 18 minutes, and he has 7 points and 5 rebounds and 2 assists with then I'm gonna cut him. K? But right now he's on my roster, and, and we're gonna see how that goes. So who would you rather have, doc, right now? I'm not even gonna ask you about Daniel Gafford. I think we'd all rather have Daniel Gafford, as we transition here into these Dallas Centers. Daniel Gafford, guys, was, 5 of 5 from the field again last night, and he has made 33 consecutive field goals. 33 in a row. Wilt Chamberlain is in heaven going, damn, dude. That's impressive. Gafford last night, 10 points, 6 rebounds, 7 blocks, 2 steals, 9 stocks, guys, in 26 minutes. Lively was bouncy. 12 points, 8 rebounds, 2 blocks in 20 minutes. So, doc, let's add that up. 22 points, 14 rebounds, 9 blocks, 2 steals, and 46 combined minutes. And Knicks fans thought they had something with Robbenstein. Right? I mean, what do we call it? Liveford, Ghaffili? I don't know. Like, let's merge their names here because look, doc. In reality, I believe that these two guys make the Dallas Mavericks very dangerous in the playoffs. Because we know Luca, we know Kyrie. These guys are badasses, but they love passing to Gafford and Lively, who are tremendous finishers around the rim. So who would you rather have right now, Landale or Lively on your team? Well, I have Lively. I do not have Landau. I I picked up Lively in 2 different leagues. But like I said, Houston plays 3 games in the current week we're in. They have, what, 1 or 2 left, try 2, and then they play 3 games next week. Dallas only plays 2 times next week. So I've got Lively Mhmm. In round 1 of the playoffs only playing 2 games, but I built that roster around guys who play 4 games next week. So I figure I could get away with that one. But, it's it's kind of a toss-up. I I like the way Lively is playing right now. Luca is throwing lobs to that dude every chance he gets. Even when Lively misses or doesn't catch the ball, he had an opportunity to throw it down. You watched the game last night with Dallas, where Luca sorta got hurt at the end, cost him a triple double. But Lively, Gafford both look great right now, and I think Lucas finally figured out that he's got these tools. He needs to use them, and and they look a lot better better than they did a couple weeks ago. But I'd still rather have Lively than than Landau, personally. So, Luka to Lively is the top lob combination in the entire NBA. Luka did leave last night with a sore left hamstring, and, he did not return. Jason Kidd said afterward he was unsure if Doncic would travel with the team for Thursday's game to Oklahoma City. Doncic hasn't missed a game since January 31st. And so, you know, he might miss a game or 2. I don't know, guys. He's got a hamstring injury. You know, Dallas needs to play their guys, so there is urgency and hunger here with them, you know, trying to get up above the top 6 line in the Western Conference. I I'm not I'm not sniffing, like, long term here. I I am, Doc, cover your ears. I am kinda sniffing long term here with Kobe White, but I'm not getting those vibrations here with Luca. So that's all we know right now on Luca. I I will tell you, Greg. Go ahead, doc. The line the opening line when I was looking at it last night on the Mavs game, tonight is ridiculous, the the point spread. Oklahoma City's favored by, I think, like, 9a half or something. That tells me right there, Luke 8 playing tonight. They that's a a good reading of the point spread right there, doc. Because that's exactly what's happening here. It's the second of a back to back. Andy's coming off of an injury. He ain't playing tonight. It's probably a dub for OKC. Alright. It's the, Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Rick Kamla and FSWA Hall of Famer doc doctor a, Steve Alexander here. Let's talk Corey Kispert, doc. Corey Kispert, the wing for the Washington Wizards is a thing. And if he is on waivers in your league, you need to look strongly into picking this man up. I got some stats for you on Corey Kisperth. I have some basic stats, and then I've got some cam stats for you. Over the last month, and anybody can look this up, 15 points, 3 rebounds, 3 assists. K? You had me at the 15 points. One stock over that time. He's not a big, you know, block steal guy. 2.8 threes. Guys, over the last month, Kispert is at 15 points, basically 3 threes. That does not belong on waivers. That belongs on a team. 48% field goal percentage. Doc, here's the thing. If like, Tim Hardaway junior has smacked into some kind of a wall and he sucks now, and he's playing 17, 18 games. He used to be the front runner for 6th man of the year, and what's happening here is just weird. Okay? So if you still have Tim Hardaway junior waiting on him to bounce back and Kispert is on waivers, go get into some Kispert. He's giving you the Tim Hardaway junior stuff, but he's actually doing it, and he's not a myth who's lost his game here midseason. Here's the CAM stat, doc. I went back and looked at Corey Kispert's game log for the entire season. He has played 30 minutes 9 times. 30 plus minutes 9 times. In 8 of those games, he's been a rock star. And I'm talking about 20 plus points, 5 6 threes, maybe 5 rebounds, maybe 5 assists. Like, when he plays 30 plus, the counting numbers start to come into play a little bit, and and the threes are like mega. Okay? And so right now, you don't have Bagley. You don't have Holmes. You know, Koulibaly's in the starting lineup. So when Holmes gets healthy, I don't know, he may go back in the starting lineup. Kispert may go back to the bench. Kispert may go back to being a 27 minute guy, not a 30 guy, and inconsistent. But he might stay in that starting lineup, doc. This was a 1st round pick a couple of years ago for Washington, but I am pretty hot on Corey Kispert right now. Yeah. I mean, it's silly season, and we all you know, the Washington Wizards are going nowhere. They are terrible. And I'm surprised that you're not a little fired up about Koulibaly either. And he may be. You we were talking about Corey Kispert though, but Kispert's numbers, he's been hot over the last couple games. I think he's a hot pickup. Looking at the schedule, which is sort of my stick, Washington goes 3 games next week and then 4 games the 2 weeks after that. They're in the middle of a 4 game week right now, so that's that's all pretty standard stuff. Nothing nothing are are shattering there. But, back to Koulibaly for a second. This is a stocks guy. This is a fantasy gold guy. This is a camel type of guy. 11 points in 3 straight games. At least one block in 5 straight games, at least one steal in 4 straight games, and 7 3 pointers over his last 3. So over his last 3, he's averaging 11 points, like 5 boards, couple assists, couple blocks, couple steals, and and a couple threes. That's your kind of guy. This is silly season. I think it's cool about coolabale and Kispert season in Washington. I'm not worried about I'm not worried about Reshawn Holmes coming back and ruining them. I kinda am because they they, Holmes, started, played well, picked up an injury in that game. It was a toe sprain and hasn't played since. And in that game where Holmes started, Kisber came off the bench. Koulibaly was starting in that game. So that's where my head is at with that. Doc, I would rather have Koulibaly than Kisber. Okay? Koulibaly is on Jamie Oppenhayn's team in, the CAM dynasty. He was drafted, and and Koulibaly is a is a foundation piece for that team. I can't have Koulibaly, but I could have Kislibaly. And I picked him up off waivers. I've had him for about a week now, and I'm I'm pretty psyched with, the activity he's giving me. But for the people listening here on the World of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by Smart Bracket, I would recommend Koulibaly. I he's not gonna score as much, doc. I think Kispert has a lot more scoring upside here, but Kispert does not help you in blocks and steals at all. Koulibaly's gone, 3 stocks, 4 stocks, 2 stocks, 2 stocks over the last 4 games. He's got 7 threes in the last 3 games, including the last, he started all of these games. So there's more of an anchor for Koulibaly in that starting lineup than there is for Corey Kispert. So, yeah, I would rather have a Bilal cool Bilal Kulibaly, who was Victor Wembiniama's teammate, in France last year. And and Kulibali was kind of a hot he's kind of a hot name at the start of the season. I think a lot of us were drafting him, at the very end of our drafts. Like, this kid is a steals and blocks machine. He could start for Washington all year. Like, there was a there was a little hype building around him. And I think now that we're into mid March and we've we've got 1 month left and it's officially silly season. It could also officially be Koulibaly balls out for the next month season. Rick, you mentioned smart acut smart bracket. Hey, March Madness fans. Before we dive into the madness, we wanted to loop you in on one of our sponsors, supported intelligence. They've developed an AI tool called smartbracket. Io that can really help you when you're building your brackets. Think of smartbracket. Io as that one friend who always has the inside scoop. Thanks to something they call rapid recursive technology. It's like having a secret playbook for your March Madness picks, making your bracket a bit smarter while saving you a ton of time. If you love the game and your bracket could use a bit of an edge or a full on strategy overhaul, smart bracket I o is worth a peek. It's fun, easy to use while leveraging some brilliant AI technology. It might just give you those bragging rights you're after. With March Madness around the corner, a little extra insight never hurt. When selection Sunday starts, check out smartbracket. Io. Here's to checking here's to enjoying the madness and making smarter choices along the way. Thank you, supported intelligence. So, doc, I am going to, go to smartbracket.io. Dotio. Dotio. Not io desumu, but smartbracket.io. And, and get hey, doc. Are are are you have you been watching a lot of college basketball this year? No. Ask me the same question. Rick, have you been watching College Hoops? No. Hoop, we don't have time. I do a 5 day, a week show on NBA radio. Okay? I'm here with doctor a. I gotta stay on these goodies, man. So the point is, we're not trying to shame or slam college basketball. Will we watch college basketball now? Yes. Absolutely. And will we fill out brackets? And do we want to win these brackets? Yes and yes. So I don't know, Jack, about a lot of these teams. I know Yukon's good. I know Duke and North Carolina are good. I know Houston's good. I know some of those things. Right? Purdue is good. Purdue is good, but they're choky, but they're choky. I wonder if smartbracket.io, inputs the choke factor with Matt Painter and the Purdue, Boilerman. Oh, look. It's not a part of your AI technology. So but, I mean, all kidding aside, I'm literally gonna hit him up here because, Mike Babchak, of Mad Dogs Sports Radio, he's got a big bracket. It's, like, $20 a person. There's, like, hundreds of people in it. So, like, if you win it, you could really pop and make a nice number. And I've been like, I skirt the boundaries of competitiveness stock on my own, just doing a little bit of research and just kinda throwing darts. And I like I do okay, but I never win. So I'm gonna look up smartbracket.io, man. Maybe get a dub this year. Let's go. Let's do it. I'm sure they're happy to hear that right now. I'm just saying. Like, I think that's a really, really good idea because a lot of us just parachute in, right, for the NCAA tournament. We don't owe Jack about these guys. You and I literally this is a really good idea, I think. You and I literally wake up on Monday morning, print off some brackets, sit down, and start guessing because we don't, I mean, I'm like you, man. I I know who the good the the better teams are. I can look at a at a, you know, a 2 versus 15 matchup and have an idea that the 2 is probably gonna win. But to say I know what I'm doing when I'm filling out a bracket, I mean, it's preposterous. Right. Literally right now, I my strategy is take all the favorites and just see what happens. That's literally my strategy right now. I can't tell you, oh, Furman, who won the Southwest whack whatever conference, oh, they're a hot sleeper. They could go to the sweet 16. I do not have that knowledge, but we have fantasy basketball knowledge, and we've got it for days, and we're the OGs. We've got FSW, a hall of famer Steve Alexander, Rick Kamla. He's doctor a. I'm the fantasy freak. We've been doing this basically basically since dinosaurs were roaming planet Earth, so let's get back to work here. I know you wanna talk about Kelly Olynyk. No. We're not dinosaurs. I'm saying like the dinosaurs that were roaming the Earth. And if we are dinosaurs, well, damn it, we're still effective dinosaurs. Kelly Olynyk here, doc. K? And and look, he should be on everybody's team at this point. I don't know what his roster numbers are, doc, but over the last week, Kelly O, 196 and 8. Two blocks, two steals. Okay? No. Pardon me. This is last night. My bad. My bad. I I had a w that looked like an n. Last night, 196 and 8, 2 and 2, 8 of 11 shooting, 2 threes. K? That was against Detroit. Over the last week, Kelly O's gone 16, 5 and 5, 1 block, 1 steal pardon me. 1 block, 1 and a half steals, and 2 threes. Fantasy gold, baby, from Kelly O. I've always been a big fan of Kelly O, doc, when he gets the minutes, and he's getting them right now. And I think last week we talked about, could Kelly O be a league winner? These numbers kinda look like league winner. They're, like, tilt the balance kinda thing for a team. They do. He's 27% rostered. ESPN. Shut the front door. Are you serious right now? 27. People, go pick this guy up. My god. And that's up 6%. So the he was at 21, and we've been talking about him for a couple weeks. He's back home again in in Canada. He's the only healthy big man in Toronto. He's playing massive minutes. I think he's really excited to be in a new spot with new teammates doing new things. And you read the numbers, dude. I mean, he's he's killing it right now, and he's a he's a game changer. I mean, it that's the center I wanna go pick up right now more so than Joc Landale, more so than Derek Lively in his week 2 game schedule. I want Kelly o, and Kelly o in the middle of a 4 game week and then Toronto goes 33 the next 2. So, again, not ideal, but then a lot of teams are only playing 3 games next week. So I don't think you're losing anything, but Kelly Olenek, has looked good enough for 2 weeks that he should be rostered everywhere. If you need a big man, that's that's the one you should be, that should be at the top of your list. Not a great rebounder. Okay? If you're looking for 10 boards a game, you're not gonna get it here, but You're gonna get 5, 6, 7, 8, and you're gonna get all the other goodies that we talked about. Just know that. Now if you want rebounds, well, he's not on waivers, but Deandre, 8. My goodness. Last night, 33 and 19 against the Atlanta hawks. Made 15 of 20 shots, the previous game, 22 and 15. The previous game, 30 and 19. The previous games, well, he was hurt, and he's back now. Last 3 games, doc, he's averaging 28 points, 18 rebounds on 83% from the field. Again, Wilt Chamberlain is looking down from heaven and going, damn, dude. So, doc, I'm not getting a lot of shutdown vibrations from a lot of these teams, man. Memphis is talking about bringing Desmond Bane and Brandon Clark back. Portland, just brought Jeremy Grant back. I thought maybe we'd get a shutdown there. Ayton has come back here. These are guys that we thought might be shut down. We thought we might have seen the last of them this year, and they're back. And so look, man. Deandre Ayton I don't know how long this is gonna last, guys, and he's not on waivers, but I I know Doc wanted to talk about this. And it's just nice, doc, to see Deandre Ayton playing with a damn motor, okay, and getting the most out of his god given gifts. This is an extremely athletic guy, like a 40 inch vertical, 38, something like that. He's a 7 footer. Blessed by god. Dang it. Crank it up. Go put up some massive stat lines. I don't know why it's happening late in the season and why it didn't happen in November, but it's happening. This is the most Deandre Ayton move ever. Like, last week, you and I sat here and I was like, Rick, is is Deandre Ayton done? You're like, yes. He's he's done. And I was like, I'm with you. He's done. Like, what if he can't get out of his house when it snows to make it to an NBA basketball game, then he's being paid a bazillion dollars to play in. Why is he gonna show up when they're 50 games out of 1st place? The season's over. No one cares. They're playing the hawks late night in Portland. Nobody's watching. And all of a sudden, ever since we said he's done last week, he's just like coming out to spite us and and just go off. Like, Deandre Ayton looks like the best big man in a basketball right now, and he's waiting until silly season when nothing matters to do it. Like, it's such an Ayton move. It I I'm not getting shutdown vibes either, but I can't imagine Desmond Bane coming back for more than just a handful of games. I can't imagine Jeremy Grant finishing out this season for the blazers. I can't imagine a lot of things. Brandon Clark, like, what what's happening with the grizzlies and the blazers night tonight? You can't really afford to mess with any of them. I I I don't even know. I I just know that Deandre Ayton is on fire right now, and why can't he do this in November or December when it matters and and people are still fired up about it? He can, but he's got he's got the, like, the lowest motor in the league. And, and I'm not sure why the motor's cranked up right now. Maybe because he's, like, 321 Cancun, and and he's like, he can see the light at the end of the tunnel here. Joe Dumars is the ruling arm of the NBA, and he said at the top of the season that we wanna stress this is an 82 game schedule to the teams. And I think they sent a memo out or something like that. And, you know, a lot of teams, oh, man, we'll just do it. I I think the league has taken note of that, doc, and you merge that sort of this theme. Like, we gotta get guys back on the court. This shutdown bullcrap, it ain't it, man. It creates a lot of unwatchable games. It's bad for the product. It's bad for your home fan bases. Even if you win a few games at the end of the year, it's really not gonna disturb where you draft guys. Okay? And this is not a Wembley draft. Nobody knows who the number one overall pick is going to be in this draft. Maybe Alexander Saar from, Australia? Maybe? Okay. Do you know much about him? This is not a Wembley draft or a Zion draft or a LeBron draft where the whole league is like, oh my god. I wanna suck just so I can get this guy. So I don't know, man. The Utah thing is weird, very weird to me. I am getting shutdown vibes from them. But Portland to me and it's weird and it's ironic. They've had the shutdown vibe the last 2 years, and now this year, they're not gonna do the shutdown thing. That would take me back to what Jew mar Joe Dumar said. And with Washington, right, they shut dudes down last year. I'm not getting those vibrations right now. I'm not worried about Tyus Jones getting shut down. I'm not worried about Kuzma getting shut down, because they've got an interim coach. They've got a new non center way of playing with Kuzma at center, and they kinda like how that's going. And, you know, they suck, but for them, they've got the new car smell. So I this isn't gonna be a shutdown of a stretch run as it has been. Hey, props to you, by the way, on Laurie Markkanen. He has been MIA. I've got him on an injured list somewhere. I remember maybe one of the very first one of these shows we did this year. You were like, Utah and Lori Markkanen. I'm not touching him. They shut him down every single year. They're gonna shut him down again this year. I'm not doing it. And so far, you've been spot on. Well, appreciate that. I'm also, I'm not a fan of guys that don't especially a big that doesn't help me in either blocks or steals. And I understand the efficiency, the threes, the scoring. He's about 8, 9 rebounds a game. I mean, he's a good player, man, but, not you know, like, Nikola Vucevic is another guy. Right? Not much of the blocks and steals. I have a hard time with that, doctor a. And so it is Rick Kamla. It is Steve Alexander. We are the OGs here on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast. So let so again, doc, we said this last week, but we need to bring it back for the people. Okay? There's a guy in Charlotte, I know you're not watching, but hopefully you're looking at box scores, Elyse, named Vasili Mitcic. Alright? Vasili Mitcic is not a thing. He's doing some big things right now. Last night, as the point guard of the Charlotte Hornets, 25 points, 8 assists, 5 threes, 2 steals. Pop pop fizz fizz. Oh, what a relief it is to have me to tell my team into Cam Dynasty. I'm stoked about this. Over the last week, he's going 15, 3, and 7, 2.3 steals, and 0.8 threes. The 3 game is a work in progress. He didn't shoot threes very much in the Euroleague. He was a rock star in the Euroleague. Okay? And so the 5 three game is some real progress here, and he's getting more comfy at our 3 point line. The steals have been there. The assists have been there. He's scoring between 1520. Doc and last night, like I said, popped for 25. Trey Mann came back last night and had a small game. And, Doc, I have since traded Trey Mann. Right? Because I had Mitchich and Mann. I'm like, I can't have 2 Charlotte, guards. I don't want that. Okay? I'm trying to win the Cam Dynasty title here. Trey Mann was hurt, so I shipped him out for a high second round pick, and, and Scott Messina, took the deal. And so I got into a high second round pick for Trey Mann, who I might have ended up dropping had that trade not materialized and boom. Now I got Vasili Mitchel? That's how you do it, folks. Wow. Not to burst your bubble, but, Mitchel's only placed 2 games next week. I've got him everywhere as well. I you know, once once we started to figure out what was happening with this 31 year old rookie or whatever he is. He's 30 years old, didn't he? He's 30. Yes. Correct. And once we figured out that LaMelo Ball probably isn't coming through that door. Trey man barely came back through that door. Like, it's meet your time. It's meet your season, and it's time to pick him up. He's in the middle of a 4 game week. He's balling out. If you get through the 2 game week, next week, then they go 444 and finish it up. So, pretty good shape there. It's just gonna be a a rough week next week. But, man, that kid is, that that man, I should say, is kind of on fire. And I think if you if you were able to pick him up, that's that's another silly season type of game changing player. 6.4% rostered, ESPN. I guess we gotta keep bringing them up week after week after week for the people. Vasili Micic. Don't worry about how to say his dang name. Just look for m I c I c and pick him up. Okay? And tell him Cam and Doc sent you. We are the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. What's up, Doc? No. I was just laughing, dude. That was funny. Tell them Doc and Cam sent you. Tell them we sent you. The waiver wire can't communicate back, and it's kind of a weird reference, but we're rolling on here. I want to, shut the door on Sam Merrill and George Niang. I know they had big games last night. The New Orleans Pelicans just decided for a game that we're not gonna guard the 3 line. Watching that, it was I'm gonna go on the air, in a little bit later on today on NBA radio with Antonio Daniels. He is the, TV analyst for the New Orleans Pelicans on Valley Sports. I mean, what was that? They they got beat at one point in the game, they showed the 3 point. They got beat by at least 45 points on the 3 point line last night. So, Sam Merrill hit, 5 threes, had 15 points, 9 assists, that'll never happen again, in 5 threes. Okay? And so Sam Merrill has been dog I I I I like to cuss everyone. I'm not gonna do it. He's been dog crap. Okay? Literally, one of he had a game against Atlanta recently. He did not make a shot. He was, like, o of 9 against Atlanta. They suck defensively. Okay? So Sam Merrill finally busted out last night. Why? I watch a lot of Cavs basketball because teams have gotten the word on Sam Merrill. He is a knockdown deadly 3 point shooter. So guys are fighting over screens on him. Guys are closing out on him. They're not leaving him buck naked out there anymore. Okay? And so last night, he got left buck naked, and he made 5 threes. That ain't gonna happen every night, guys. George Niang. Doc, he had 2 or 3 good games, picked him up in the CAM dynasty because I needed a forward for one spot, whatever whatever. Right? So then I keep him for one more game because he did have 3 good games in a row. It was the Phoenix game when Devin Booker came back 3 nights ago or whatever it was. Oh my god did he suck. He was a foul waiting to happen, could not make a shot. It was brick, brick, brick, brick. And JB Bickerstaff was like, bro, come on over here, man. What was that tonight? So, of course, George Niang last night pops for 16 and 6 with 4 threes. It's fool's goal. Okay? George Niang cannot defend at all at all. Alright? And Evan Mobley, hopefully, is coming back here pretty soon. If I had to have one of them, it would be Niang. Although, the way he did me the other night with the bagel against Phoenix, I was like, dude, I caught him, doc, mid game. I was so pissed at George Niang. I caught him mid game. I didn't even wait to see if he had, like, a good second half to reclaim it. I just oh my god. I gotta get rid of this guy, man. And he did not, recover. So to me, that's fool's gold. Are you feeling Sam Merrill or George Niang in any kind of way? Well, I would I got fired up about Merrill a couple weeks ago because on Friday, March 1st, he had 12 points and four 3 pointers against Detroit. Then he backed that up Sunday with 21 points and 7 triples against New York. And I was like back to back double digit games, Donovan Mitchell's hurt, which is the key to this whole thing, Mitchell. And I was like, man, I'm I'm gonna recommend Merrill to people. I'm gonna pick him up and roll with him. His next 5 games, 6 points, 1 point, 6 points, 5 points, 3 points. Then boom, last night, 15 with 9 dimes, like you said, 5 triples against Herbert Jones, the the most dominating defensive player in maybe the whole league. Like, I love And Jose Alvarado and Najee Marshall and all these dogs. They didn't defend last night. I love watching Herb Jones play defense. When when Herb Jones decides that you're not gonna score on him tonight, you're done. It doesn't matter if you're Jaylen Brown. It doesn't matter who you are. When he decides that you are not gonna do anything, you are toast. Let me ask you a question. Me and Antonio are gonna talk about this today on NBA radio. Who's the best perimeter defender in the NBA? Is it Herb? Is it Derrick White? Is it Drew Holiday? Is it Subs? Is it Caruso? Who do you think is the best perimeter defender? I think they're all really good, but I think Herb Jones is the guy. Like, Herb Jones is the guy that I don't want guarding me. Like, when I when I go to Park and Rec when I go to park and rec and my buddy, Chris Kennedy decides he's gonna shut me down, dude, he gets right up in my face, and I'm old and fat and slow. And I can't I can't even I can't even get the ball. Do you even get cardio at that point? Or you're just standing around and it's a complete waste of time? No. I just get back in the car and go home. I'm done. But that's what it's like when Herb Jones is guarding people. I in my opinion. And it reminds me kinda back in the day when LeBron would get guarded by Kawhi and you could kinda see LeBron, like, why is this guy gotta do do me like this? Because Kawhi is really good defensive defensive player too. But all those guys you said, man, Drew and Derek White. And the reason that I still think the Celtics are gonna win it all is because of Drew and Derrick White's prone perimeter defense. But I think just just a one on one defensive dog, I mean, is Herb Herb for me. Doc, I think you're wrong, dude. I think you're wrong. Jamal Murray is carving up Jrue Holiday and Derrick White like they're a Thanksgiving turkey, man. Yet they have no answer for Jokic. I mean, they do. The 7 foot 3 Kristaps Porzingis, and Jokic is like, I pass ball, we get the buckets, we win. I mean, it doesn't matter. It does not matter. You put Dillon Brooks on it. It doesn't matter. You put Herb Jones on it. Doesn't matter. K? Jokic is going to put your team in the fry cooker where the Wendy's people put the fries, and your team is going to be done and devoured with some tasty fries in the mouth. Okay? I I think Denver's got this, doc. I think Denver's got this. I can't believe that the Vegas odds right now are so heavily tilted in favor of Boston. Are we not watching the games? Are we not do we not watch Denver go into Boston and beat them at TD Garden with Jamal Murray scoring 35 freaking points going 15 to 21? Have we not watched these games? One game. What do you mean? I mean, you could say one game, but we see Boston play Denver twice all year. These are 2 of the most important games of the entire regular season. And so if Boston cannot beat Denver in the regular season, how are they gonna win 4 out of 7 in the playoffs? Because think about this, doc. You have to find some way to disturb Nikola Jokic. Nobody in the league is able to do that until somebody is able to disturb maybe Wimby is the only guy that can actually disturb Nikola Jokic. But, you know, I Wembley's on the Spurs. They suck. We you know, that's not gonna be a factor this year. Until somebody can solve the riddle of Nikola Jokic, and, you know, oh, you double team him. Okay. It's like double teaming Pat Mahomes. You double team Pat Mahomes, you lose every time. Oh, so so what do I do? I just stand back in a in a in a cover 2 yes. You stay back in a cover 2 defense, and you just hope for the best. That's all you got. Well, Boston is sleepwalking through this season. They they're like, oh, Kristaps Porzingis. Is he still on our roster? Just keep him over there on the bench till the playoffs get here. We don't need him. Oh, Drew Holiday's not feeling great tonight. Throw him on the bench. We're good. We don't need him right now. Like, they are just cruising, dude. They're like, oh, Al Horford's 48 years old. Just throw him out there for 40 minutes. We we it doesn't matter. He's healthy. He's gonna be good to go at the end of the season. Playoff basketball is different. Celtics are just trying to get to the finish line healthy, ready to go, and I still think I still think Celtics are the best team in the league. I'd but you're right, man. I the fact that Jokic is so unflappable and so, like, nobody can get to him. Like, he's moving slower than everybody on the court. He's making better passes than most of the point guards that play basketball, and he's making smarter decisions in a more calm and timely manner than any other player in the league. So you're you're right. It all goes through Jokic, but, I I think the Celtics are gonna game plan for him, and they've got they've got enough big guys and enough, depth that I think they can I think they can do it? We'll we'll find out. It should be Just don't put your house on it, man. Just don't put your house on. You you got you got money on Boston or I I just don't don't don't put don't put No. I've just been on them all year. I did I just think they're best team. They are the best team. They are the best team. They have the best record. They have the best, combination of offense and defensive rating. They are the best team, but they're not gonna beat Denver. That's where I'm at with that. What do you guys think? What what do you guys think out here on the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast? Who's winning this thing? Denver or Boston? Hit us up with some comments. Doc, let's go to the streets. Let's help these people win some chips, man. Okay. Reader questions. Let's take it out. I'll I'll find them. You take the lead on them. Matt starts it off with ESPN must must have a lot of dead leagues. I don't think ESPN has dead leagues. I think ESPN we talked about this before here. I've been told ESPN's leagues for some reason are smaller. 8 to 10 league, 8 to 10 team leagues over there whereas Yahoo's primarily 12. So but even if you look at, you know, if the Yahoo percentage of a player roster ship is at 50, it's gonna be like 40 on ESPN. But some of these guys meet each, I guarantee you is not rostered enough in Yahoo Leagues either. Sorry. We'll keep moving here. 1 up living legends, you think of Sarah. Rick, I'm gonna let you handle this one because I haven't looked at it. Is Sarah Thompson gonna be back from he's got a lung illness thing. Right? He, I he is listed right here. I just looked him up. Asar has been ruled out, for last night's game. He's got asthma problems. So I don't know guys, I don't know. I don't know. If you told me, he's got a a metacarpal issue in his hand, I'd say it's 4 to 6 weeks. If I saw an ankle injury, I'd be able to tell you, that looked like a week. That looked like a day to day. That looked like a week to week. I'm pretty good with all that kind of stuff. Hyperextension, you know, usually leads to a torn ACL. Pardon me, Sadik Bey, but, you know, he fell into that trap once again. God bless him. But, but Allstar Thompson, I don't know. I mean, he's got an asthma issue here. And so I don't know if it's asthma, but he's actually got, like, a more serious lung issue that they're putting asthma on, you know, just to kinda soften it up and sugarcoat it a little bit. I don't know. It's a second straight DNP. This sounds honestly like a complicated type of thing, and it's Detroit. Right? You're not, like, trying to make the PIT, trying to get above into the top 6, and so okay. Like, let's really go for it here. I I just it's a big I don't know. I wish I had more for you, but I can tell you, with him out, Simone Fontecchio is going to, be be the beneficiary of that. Yeah. I think Fontecchio is a a strong pickup right now. He should be rostered everywhere. And I will say this, I don't like, the word asthma attached to a guy, that runs up and down the court for a living and plays basketball. You see people who suffer from asthma, they're they're sucking on that that inhaler thing and, then you're dealing with lungs and breathing and and lack of oxygen to the brain and yada yada yada. Like, I I think before I'm running my potential superstar youngster out on the court, he's not gonna be suffering from asthma problems, when I do that. So I could see this potentially shutting him down until they get it figured out, which could mean the season. It could mean he plays 2 days from now. I'm I'm with Rick. I don't know, but I don't like the sound of any of that simply because of of what I said. Here is a great question from Matt Carmody, Rick. Would you drop Buddy Hield, the once on fire Buddy Hield, for Mitchich or Scoot Henderson, head to head points lead? So definitely not definitely not Scoot Henderson, who believe in her. I mean, Sean c Bullops, what is wrong? He is starting Delano Banton over Scoot Henderson right now. Scoot Henderson should be going off in these games right now. I mean I mean, literally, what are we doing here? Delano Banton needs to start over Scoot Henderson. Scoot played 17 minutes. I don't know where we're going with the Scoot Henderson thing. I've hated how they have deployed Scoot all year. Remember that little stretch doc where they were playing Brogdon over him and did did that make sense to anybody on any planet? They held on to Brogdon through the trade deadline, and now he's a, you know, a dead player. He's not gonna come back at all. Hopefully, they trade him before his contract expires next year to a, you know, legitimate team as a 6 man. But Buddy Heel has hit the skids, man, and it's predictable. He got to Philly, new car smell, change of scenery, pop, pop, pop, pop. Alright? Then all star break, then reality sets in. You don't have Embiid. Okay? You don't have the spacing. You don't have the comfortability of all the gravity that he creates. And so now he's gone 13, 15, 8, 16, 9 in his last 5 games. He has 12 threes over his last 5 games, which is like 2.2, which is not body healed either. And the shooting has been pretty abysmal, a 6 to 17, a 2 for 10, a 4 for 11. I'm not telling you to drop Buddy Heel, but, but when we juxtapose him to Vasily Mitcic, I mean, doc, I'd rather have Mitchevich. Here's the thing. You can get Buddy Heel stuff on waivers. Corey Kispert does Buddy Heel stuff. Buddy's a little better in the stocks area, but you know what I'm saying? Like, Buddy Heel is kinda sorta Corey Kispert. And so but the difference maker is, is Mitchex because of the assists. You Doc, we tell you I say this all the time. You very rarely can find 7, 8, 9 assists per game off of waivers. We are right now with Meachurch. You literally can find 7, 8, 9 assists, and this isn't some Scottie Pippen Junior fly by night bullcrap on Taylor Jenkins and that yo yo down in Memphis. This is actually something you can count on. Oh, that's awesome. So, yeah, I would I would do that as well. And as for my guy, what's his name? Who's the guy? I can't Blanton in Portland. I've got him on a roster, and he he's actually kind of fun. I'm kind of enjoying, that experiment. Not the last two games though. I got I got it right here. Doc, he had 25 against Toronto. He popped for 30 against Houston. The fantasy world is all rushing to get him. He followed that up with a 22 point game against Boston with low goodies, and then last night, 12, 5, and 2 in 19 minutes. Well, I mean, welcome to the Chauncey Billups blender. What the f do you do with that? Are we are we thinking the 3025 Banton is coming back? Are we thinking he's now right around a 20 minute per game player, which is where he should be, doc, with Scoot Henderson playing 30 minutes a game? Well, it was one game and Portland actually got a win, so that was weird, against you know who, the hawks. The Johntae Murray hit last night? I know that. Dude, they're missing Jalen Johnson so bad. I mean, obviously, Trae Young, but they're they're missing that juice that Jalen Johnson brings, man. Are the nets going are the nets going to catch the hawks and knock the hawks out of the playoffs? Probably not. Last I looked, it was like a 3 game separation. It is a 3 and a half game separation. No, sir. I don't believe they're going to catch the hawks. How can Brooklyn be that bad? They're they're pretty sort of healthy. Now they are, but, I mean, I they've they just got Cam Johnson back last night, came off the bench. I mean, look. I I to me, the Brooklyn Nets have more talent than the record says they do. I like Claxton a lot. I like, Michael Bridges a lot. I love me some Cam Thomas. Dennis Schroeder is balling for them at center right now. Cam Johnson's a good player. Dorian Finney Smith is a good player. You know what I mean? Dennis Smith Junior is a nice backup point guard. I like him in a backup point guard spot. I I think their their coaching to me has not been good this year, doc. I feel like their talent should have more wins than this. Would you drop Tyler Herro to pick up Desmond Bane? I We missed this. We're We're gonna figure out where you really stand with Desmond Bane at this point. Well, I I just don't understand why we have to drop Tyler Herro. What what how can we not just put him in an IR spot, and then you have an open spot, and then you just go scoop up Desmond Herro. I don't understand why you've gotta cut Tyler Herro unless you're in one of these lame, 8 or 10 team ESPN leagues. I mean, that that is so stupid to me, by the way. Like, it's so easy. Like, that's like the kiddie version of it. You know what I mean? Like, doc, if you're in a video game and you've got, like, difficult extremely difficult PhD level, and then at the bottom, you've got, like, kindergarten level, grade school level. Right? Like, no. What why? That's grade school level, man. That's entry level bullcrap. 8 teams, 10 teams. I know you got an a team. Is it 4 teams or 8 teams? That team you that's loaded with, all stars that you talk about from time to time. Well, that that is an 8 team league that we drafted, like, a month and a half ago to help help these kids, these sick kids. Oh, sick kids. Alright. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Yeah. It's a charity. It's a charity thing. And, dude, I've got that team is just stupid. It's Wembley and Embiid and Harden and Kawhi, and it's it's so so funny. So so, doc, back to this, man. I mean, I don't freaking know. If I had to, gun to my head, backed into a corner, I'd go get Bane because I'm really When was the last time doc. When was the last time Hero played? Well, it was a minute it was a a New Orleans game 2 or 3 Friday nights ago, whatever whatever. So he's got last I saw, a foot injury and a knee injury. Tyler Herro, the oft injured, maybe the biggest tease in fantasy basketball, has not one but 2 leg injuries. Okay? And he's soft. He's very soft. Doc, has Tyler Herro been able to complete the last two seasons for the Miami Heat? Well, the answer is no. I was gonna talk about I was gonna add pile on Malcolm Brogdon a minute ago while you were talking about him. Like, you just kinda iced over him, like, he he gets a free pass It's never finishes a season, never plays more than half the games world that he lives in. But man, I I don't know how you can ever rely on Malcolm Brogdon for anything. And I feel like Tyler Herro is sort of headed down that down that same path. I just made a trade in the Cam Dynasty. Tell me what you think of this. I traded, Brogdon, right, in my in one of my IR spots, not coming back this year, and a 3rd round pick to get into Khris Middleton whose return is right around the corner. So what what do you what do you think of that little move? It's been a rough 2 years for Khris Middleton, but I I don't know why he would not come back the old Khris Middleton next year. Like, I have way more faith in Middleton than I do Brogdon, so I I like that deal. Rick, do you know who Tristan Vukovich is? Yeah. He's the cat that Washington just scooped up. Well, let's let's let's close the book on Desmond Bane. How many games do you think Desmond Bane is gonna play for Memphis? They probably got about 17 left. He's gonna come back in another game or 2, so they say, I don't know. I'd say, I maybe 13 or 14 of those games. You know, probably no back to backs. If you're gonna bring him back, then play him to the end. And if I Brandon Clark doc, I wanna come back. I'm paid to do this. I love ball. Right? Don't I love playing basketball? Isn't that why I'm here originally? It's love of the game, bouncing that ball, going to the park, playing until mama screamed at me because dinner's ready and I gotta come home now. The sun is going down. Isn't that what this is about? No. Oh, what what reason did it and these are not you, doc, but a lot of these, like, whiny media members. Right? Go like, Tom Thibodeau, why do you play your guys so much? You're running it. Shut up. Shut up. Those guys are a big part of the problem with load management. So they're like, well, what good is it to bring them back? It's a month left in the season. Yeah. There's a month left in the season. That means popcorn is popping, beer is being sold, TV cameras are rolling. Let's play. I don't doc, in the NFL, they don't shut guys down. If a guy comes back from injury for week 18, they freaking play him. Okay? Because there's a game and because there's fans in the stands and because TV cameras are rolling. Why not play? And so, again, shout out to Joe Dumars beginning of the season saying, we're changing this shit up. This is no longer a 55 game season for these lazy bumps. This is an 82 game season. Okay? You need to honor it as such, and I really think teams have taken that to heart, doc. I really do, and that is to our benefit over here in Fantasy Basketball. End of rant. That was a fantastic rant. I have marked down the time it took place. I'm going to tell the people at Red O Wire that should be cut into a 2 minute clip and just let her rip. That was that was good. That was good stuff. Maybe because I'm the I'm the old guy over here in the corner. Like, why is Desmond Bane coming back to play in meaningless games for Memphis when he could get hurt again? Like, something bad could happen and mess up next year. I I I'm more of a protect my assets guy, but you're right. Popcorn's popping. There's beer to be sold and there's basketball to be played. Mar Marlowe Marlowe Ram wants to know your thoughts on Tristan Vukovich as a pickup. I'm gonna be honest. I don't know anything about him. I didn't know that this question was coming. I have not checked him out. So I'm gonna let let you handle this one. And then he is a euro big who is stashed, and now Washington, who is, without a center, Bagley out, Holmes out, Gaffer traded, and so they're gonna bring him in. Will he play? I don't know. How much will he play? I don't know. They've got a small ball look right now with Kyle Kuzma at center. They kinda like it. I kinda like it too. And and so I could see this Vukovich guy getting 15 to 18 off the bench. This is a wait and see for me. I am not this isn't like, doc I'm trying like, remember when Pete Alonso, I believe that the he left spring training, didn't quite have the job, and then, like, early in the season, the Mets promoted him or something. Everybody globbed on to Pete Alonso, right, and rightly so. Hotshot prospect. Boom. Pop. 50 home runs, blah blah blah blah blah, all this kind of stuff. I don't know Jack about this guy. This is not some buzz guy. This is not a hype guy. Do you know what I'm saying, doc? You know, like a Pete Alonso or, you know, some of the other prospects in baseball that have hype about them that come up. Like, if Jackson Holiday starts the year and the Miders and the Orioles bring them up to the Bay, it's gonna be huge news. Jackson holiday season is here. Right? There's no Tristan Butkovich season. Nobody is tweeting out Tristan Butkovich, s z n, unless I missed that tweet on Twitter. Or, pardon me, x doc. The worst name change in the history of the world. We had to go from Twitter, one of the great names in America in the world, and we had to go to this doc. We had to go to x. Why'd we go It's it's not easy, man. It's not easy. And and They took my blue dot. They changed it to x. I'm frankly over it. Dude, take when I lost my blue check mark, I lost all the cool points with my children and all of their friends. Because it used to be like, your dad's verified on Twitter? What? Like, it was such a big deal for the kids, man. And, like, the I live in a college town and, you know, my buddies will will be hanging out at Johnny B's talking to people, and there'll be a group of girls around. And my buddy will be like, hey. This dude's verified on Twitter, and they're like, what? No way. And, it was always it was always a fun thing to have as my calling card, and then it got taken away. Everybody's verified on tour now if they wanna be it, and it sucks. Rick, I have one last question for you before we wrap before we get out, and we are getting out. I'm putting you on the spot here. What is your favorite part of this time of year? Is it the n c double a tournament? Is it the masters? Is it the start of the NBA playoffs? Or is it baseball opening day? Which which one do you get most fired up about? Wow. Wow. That's a really good quest definitely not the masters. What if Tiger was still relevant? Yeah. Maybe. Probably not. I I'm not I like playing golf. I'm not huge on watching golf. I love playing golf. Dude, you were all about watching the masters when you lived at this house about 15 years ago. That was 15 years ago. That was 15 years ago, son. That was 15 years ago. I've had too many years. 15 years ago, I would have cared a lot more about the NCAA tournament than I do right now. So it comes down to the bay basketball playoffs and Major League Baseball opening day. And, doc, I'm gonna throw a fastball at you here. You would think with my background and my identity that I would say the base, basketball playoffs, which I am psyched about. But, doc, I am in 1, I'm already in 11 fantasy baseball leagues. I have a dynasty draft tonight at 9 o'clock EST. You know, I I don't know if you all know, but I'm a goat in that sport too. Okay? I literally print championships in fantasy baseball. I have a formula. I have a method. It is not an algorithm. It's just me being a goat. Okay? And I know how to do this. I win chips 40% of the time, doc. I do not win chips 40% of the time in fantasy basketball. I don't. I because there's there injuries and stuff happens. Right? In baseball, there's a formula. And if you follow that formula, you will win 40% of the time, and you will be literally final 4 guaranteed if you follow my formula. I know I sound like Tony Robbins in an infomercial. You know what I'm telling you? I called the riddle of Fantasy Baseball. You sound like Dan Tanner or whatever his name is from Anchorman. 40% of the time, it works every time. Yes. So just quickly for the people who may be playing some Fantasy Baseball, here's what you do. Like, the first 8 picks are spent on offense. Okay? Offense, offense, offense, offense, offense. This year, I would recommend waiting on catcher. I found that Salvador Perez, Kelber Ruiz, and, what's his name, Jonah Heim are really slipping. Logan O'Hop with the Angels are really slipping. Okay? You don't need one of the big boy catchers this year. But go offense, offense, offense. Then go closer. Okay? Nab you 3 closers. Alright, and then you're good. Get the, like, firm guys, not the fly by night guys like a Finnegan from Washington. Go get the firm guys, Diaz from Cincinnati. Who else am I messing around with? Holmes from New York, guys like that. Then, guys, you go a little bit of offense to round out the Utils and stuff, and you're like, where are the starting pitchers, Cam? Where are the starting pitchers? You don't need them. Okay? You need them, but not at the top of the draft. So, doc, then the rest of the draft is all starting pitchers. K? So you know who I'm getting? I'm getting Hunter Green. I'm getting Christian Javier. I'm getting Hunter Brown. I'm getting maybe a Chris Bassett, but he's usually around away from me. And, like, I look at my I'm getting Tristan McKenzie. I'm getting Mackenzie Gore. I'm looking at my pitching staff, and I'm going, I freaking love this pitching staff. And I got it at the back end of the draft. And then you look at my offense, doc, and it's rock star, rock star, rock star, rock star. I got homers. I got steals. I got ribs. I got everything. That's the formula for winning Fantasy Baseball. These people that think you gotta go take to Graham and Scherzer and Verlander and, I mean, they're all hurt. Right? So not this year. But to go get the Gerrit Cole, already got an elbow, guys. Already got an elbow. Okay? You are, to me, silly and foolish if you spend high picks on pitchers in fantasy baseball. You are silly. Okay. Well, thank you to And you're welcome. Thank you to smartbracket. Io. Rick, go check that out right now and get ready for March Madness. Yeah. I'm gonna do it. My answer to that question is I think I get most jacked about opening day because I've got fantasy teams, baseball teams, where the first game of the day affects my my fantasy bass base baseball team. Whereas March Madness, I still get fired up about that, but you gotta wait, like, 3 hours before results start coming in and brackets start being impacted. So so the immediate return on opening day of baseball is probably the thing that gets gets me almost fired up this time of year. Rick, have a great weekend. We will we'll be back here, Thursday to do this again. We'll be talking more, smartbracket.io and Fantasy Hoops then. Y'all have a great weekend. Peace. Peace.