Hey, everybody. I'm Steve Alexander, doctor a. Welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by underdog fantasy and FanDuel. It's Tuesday, January 16th. I'm Steve. That's Yuri, my good friend. Her first time on the show. And we have a lot of news to cover from a busy MLK day in the NBA, so let's do this. Yo. Welcome to the show. One of my favorite things about my RotoWire Basketball podcast is when they said you're gonna get 2 shows a week. You're gonna do one with Rick Kamlin, who's my my guy, and the other one, you can have whoever you want on every week. We don't care as long as you talk about basketball. So you and I have a long history of playing fantasy basketball together. Correct? 15 years? Yeah. I think it has been that long. It's been about 15 years. And you play in 1 of we we met and played in one of my more famous rock and roll leagues with Stephen Malkus. And, you're always very competitive and very good. And then you start playing FanDuel with me and my boys, and you were winning so much that we kinda kicked you out of our little FanDuel league. It was unfortunate that that had to happen, but we just couldn't we couldn't take any we couldn't afford it. Yeah, dude. You're the one that invited me to play it in the 1st place, and then and then you kicked me out. But, my my my friends are like, what are you doing, dude? She's so good at this. So I'm sorry. I'm sorry to that. But you also sort of retired, I feel like. I did. I stopped because I don't have to tell you. Out first. It was too much. It's getting to be too much, so I stopped the daily. And I've actually I'm only down to one league now because Malcolm has quit his his league that he was commissioning in. So I'm just in your league now. Yeah. You know what? I'm I'm only in 3 leagues that actually count this year, and I used to be in no. I'm in no. 3. I used to be in, like, 12 to 15 every year. I've got it down to 3. It's a miracle. I can tell. You're more focused. You're you're on top of things in our league now. And you're actually, like, up there in the top whatever half. I was. I I keep my team is such a we go as when we go. Yeah. Yeah. Well, do you wanna dive into this, or do you guys Let me you know, I'm Yuri, and, it's really great to be here, Steve, doctor a, and I wanted to give you big congratulations for winning or being in the hall of fame for Fantasy Sports Writers Association. I think that's so huge. And your writing is one of the main reasons that I got excited about fantasy because even before I was in the Malcolm's League, I was reading your stuff, your blurbs, and you're just a you you write about basketball in a really fun and engaging way, and and so kudos to you and and congrats. Well, thank you so much. And, you know, that news broke while Kamala and I were doing this podcast on Tuesday that I had made it into the hall of fame. But I feel like he should be in there too, so I didn't wanna, like, I didn't wanna be like, oh, I'm in the hall of fame, on that show with him because I didn't wanna I didn't want him to I didn't want him to be get upset or or be mad or whatever. And he was super cool about it afterwards. He's like, man, I'm so glad you made it. And I was like, we gotta get you in there. But, you know, it's kind of a funny thing because because people don't really know what the s FSWA is, but there's only, like, 45 riders, I think, that are in that Fantasy Sports Writers Hall of Fame. So it's a really big deal in the industry I'm in. I feel, I feel like I'm a pioneer in in fantasy basketball. So I'm very excited about it, but it's funny. You tell pea I tell people, yeah, I got in the Fantasy Sports Writers Hall of Fame. They're like, the hell is that? I'm like, it's a hall of fame, dude. You know what I mean? It's all you need to know. Okay? It's a hall of fame. You're are you gonna get a little plaque that you can put on your back wall there? I hope I get a little plaque. Okay. I don't really know how it works. And then I I guess they do the show on SiriusXM. They do where I can give a a speech, an acceptance my induction speech or whatever. So that'll be interesting to see how that goes down. Nice. Alright. Well, thanks, Yuri. That was nice. Let's talk about what happened yesterday. I'm sure these people are like, come on, dude. We are here to hear about who to pick up in Fantasy Hoops. Joel Embiid played at 41 points and 10 boards. Tyrese Maxey had 27. That Rockets team, man, it seems like there should be so many guys that we should be able to go out there and pick up off waivers, But there's really not because they all spread out minutes so evenly, and nobody really shines, and nobody really sucks. It's just kinda just one bland box score after another. Yeah. It is kind of, frustrating for a fantasy owner to see, like, who to pick up because everyone's everyone's playing really good too. Like, they're well coached, and they're firing on all cylinders and not like the Rockets team of last year for sure and years prior. It's, I'm still holding Ethan on my IR, even though, who knows, I got a spot there for him. I just, yeah, broke his back, but he's just another one in the mix. So Yeah. And Atari Easton thing is so frustrating because he played so well. He had that little stretch where he just went off, and then he's been hurt ever since. And, you know, if you got to hire a spot that's not full of other injured guys, which is tough to do this time of year, and you can hold Tarice, and I still I still say do it, but, I've kinda I've kinda moved on. He's kinda gone the way of Sarah Thompson to me, who actually made some noise yesterday. We're gonna talk about that in a second. But, you know, the sixes are one of only 6 teams that play tonight. So, you know, in our league where you and I play against each other, I don't have anybody going tonight or I didn't. I went out and picked up your guy, Kelly Oubre, at 5 o'clock this morning, just to have a warm body out there tonight. Why you say my guy? Because we were talking about who to pick up, and you're like, maybe Hube. Malcolm has been picking them up and dropping them a lot this season. That makes him qualify as your guy. Yeah. Just the fact that you mentioned his name. He is very handsome too. I like handsome guys. Yeah. You think Batum is gonna play on the back to back? He has been playing back to backs. I don't know if Embiid is gonna play on the back to back. Have we seen anything about that yet today? I haven't seen anything yet. It's so early. Like, we're we're doing this at the crack of dawn in basketball terms. Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if Batum and Embiid set this out, honestly. And if that happens and Robert Covington is still out, then I think Uber E could Yeah. Batum too. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think he's another team. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, he did play back to back, I think, a week ago or a couple weeks ago. Yeah. But, I mean, they need him with Melton out. I just, I feel like with Sixers, Maxey and Embiid really dominate that team, and then there's little flashes of Tobias. But the other guys just, they're just real role players. You know? So they're also a tough team to find streamers for. They are. And it stinks because D'Anthony Melton has such a fantasy friendly game, but he's been hurt. He's stuck behind Maxey. And I think Oubre has a fantasy friendly game, but he splits minutes with Batum and Covington. And Covington, if he was getting 25 minutes tonight, he'd be dominating for my 30 team league, but he doesn't he's been hurt again. So I it's kind of a mess. That that that's another messy waiver wire situation there. Speaking of interesting waiver wire situations, I don't know how the Celtics can be as good as they are, and then you pluck Jaylen Brown out of that lineup. And they don't even it gets hard to even tell who they plug and play in his place. I think it was Al Horford. But they don't miss a beat, man. Like, that team is really, really good. I think it all starts with Drew Holiday and Derrick White being in the backcourt together and just stop putting up a wall against any guards that that come against them. Totally. I mean, they're 31 and 9. They're, they're the best team in the NBA. And it seems like when one of their big guys are out, it's just they still win. And, it's the backcourt. I mean, Derrick White has been crazy good. He's he's gotta be in the the, the all star weekend. He's got to. And Porzingis I have Porzingis, and I love his game, but I was it's a risk, you know, rostering him. But with the way that they're mixing it up with the back to backs with Al Horford, it seems like, fingers crossed, Xinggis will be, like, around for the whole season. So I'll take I'll take him resting on back to backs if I can have him the whole season. And I think that's what we're doing. I think that's what Celtics are doing. They're like, hey. We're gonna conserve Horford and Porzingis all season long and just have him be ready for the playoffs because we don't need them. They literally don't even need Porzingis to go out and dominate this league right now. They're they're so good. It's and, you know, I've I've been saying since before the season, they were the best team in the league. There was a minute there where I was a little concerned about that, but Milwaukee Milwaukee does not look the same since adding Lillard and losing Drew, and then everybody else is kinda Philly's pretty good. But Crowder's back today. That should help him on defense a little bit. Jae Crowder is coming back. Wow. That's I I forgot he was in the league, honestly. He plays for the Bucks. Who knew? Welcome back, Jae Crowder, tonight. Pistons win. Pistons win. I still don't understand what this team is doing. Campbell explained it to me. I still don't get it. Alec Burks scores 34 points off the bench. Jaden Ivey has finally been turned loose with Cade Cunningham. Injury, he had 24. Jalen Duran was a monster with 20 and 19. Even Beef Stew had a big line. And Alyssa Thompson, 27 minutes, 14 points, 8 boards, 3 steals. Is that enough for you to run out and pick him back up, or you think it's just a weird Hell no. MLK blip? He's he's had these blips before, and, I mean, I'm fighting to make the playoffs. I can't afford to have Assar on my team. I drafted him, and I did enjoy that lovely early season stretch of his where I was just so happy and pumped. But, this team is is messed up. And, I mean, it's it's obvious now. Like, when Kayde went down, people were like, who should I pick up? Should I pick up Ivy, Killian, Hayes, Burkes? But it's obvious it's Ivy now. It's Ivy. But does Ivy go back away when Kate County Cunningham comes back? I don't think so. But We'll see. I don't think Burks is gonna go away. I think they need Burks. They need that vet out there who's gonna be kinda consistent and can score. But, Yeah. Ivy had 3 blocks last yesterday. That was nice. That was nice. I may if Detroit was playing tonight, Acera would be back on my team, but they're not. I do have what's the guy's name? Who's the guy that plays for Portland? Jabari, Walker. Walker. Got Jabari Walker on my team. Why? I don't know why. He was the only guy that was playing the other night, and and I need I'm I'm I it's so frustrating. Speaking of frustrating Yuri, Zion Williamson and all that talent scores 30 points yesterday. One freaking rebound. I I has he doubled double ever in his life? Yeah. Man. It must be so frustrating to own, Zion because I've never rostered him, and he's, yeah, very, very weird fantasy game. I don't know how he can have 30 points and one one rebound and play an entire game of basketball. But Yeah. He did it. Ingram hit 3 of 14 shots for 12 points, ruined my both my underdog and my FanDuel day, so that was that was pleasant. Thank you, Brandon. CJ McCom had 23 points, and they got beat by Dallas who did not have a Luka Doncic. And Dallas has become a underdog slash FanDuel feeding frenzy with Tim Hardaway and Kyrie Irving anytime that Luke gets out. Yeah. Right? Hardaway had 9 9 three pointers of 41 points. Kyrie scored 42. And they they keep winning even whether Luca plays or not. It's it's kinda weird. The the Mavericks are much better than I thought they were gonna be this year. I love watching Kyrie, and Hardaway. It's so much fun. Derek Lively, like, it's it's so fun. Kyrie is so good. He's such a good basketball player, so creative. Like, he's just an artist out there. I listened to this one while I was driving. Do you listen to a lot of NBA games, or do you mostly watch them? I used to listen to a lot of NBA games, but not not anymore. I really don't. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's just because I grew up on radio, but I just I love listening to NBA. And I'm I'm totally in the minority, but this was fun to listen to. I like listening to, like, playoff basketball in the like, late at night when I'm driving across the country. Like, that's my favorite. And I I remember, like, I found a Kings game the Kings Lakers game from, like, 20 years ago when we were driving through Tennessee 1 night. I was like, oh, this is awesome. And it was a big game, and it was the one with all there was a lot of controversy and back and forth. And that was fun. I I and I used to I listen to a lot of Braves games on the radio. Mhmm. Basketball, I don't listen to on the radio as much. But baseball, I love listening to baseball on the radio. Yeah. Yeah. But, man, you know, Kyrie is such a polarizing NBA figure. And a lot of people say, man, I just love to say any issues with anything Kyrie has done this season. Okay. We're back. I don't have any issues with anything Kyrie Irving has done this season. He was legit hurt when Dwight Powell fell on his legs. He missed a bunch of games that he probably couldn't have played in. And when he's out there, he's being a good teammate, and he's he's balling as hard as he can. And it it is fun to watch, man. Like, I wouldn't be sad if I had Kyrie on my team this year. I wouldn't be sad if I had Hardaway on on my team right now. I could use this. I could use 9 threes. Your underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to Rotowire with promo code RW NBA. That's promo code RWNBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today and use promo code RWNBA to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. I'm going through a rough patch at Underdog right now. I'm just struggling. I hit, like, 4 out of 5. See, my problem is here, I go for the 5 I go for the 5 leg parlays. I I should just do 2 or 3. Yeah. Increases your odds by so much. I'm always trying to break the bank. I'm always trying to hit it big. Yeah. You know, you hit 4 out of 5, and then Jaren Jackson junior doesn't double double, and then you're you you you've lost money. I've lost a whole dollar. So I'm also super cheap. I try to bet 1 dollar. Glad with a I'm glad to hear you're still playing the the the small money bets. Yeah. Well, since I don't have a real job or income, I can't really afford to do anything else, but it is fun. I I like just throwing, like, 10, 1 dollar, 5 leg parlays out there and just hoping one hits. It's fun. I like underdog. It's a good time. You should try it. Don't get me started. Jimmy Butler played a basketball game yesterday, Yuri. Can you believe it? 40 minutes. 31 points, 15 free throws made. I think he'd missed, what, like, 11 of his previous 12 games or 12 of his previous 13 or something ridiculous. So when Jimmy plays, I mean, that has implications across that team. Unlike when Jaylen Brown sits out, it has no no implications. Hameha Kis was out. He already hurt. He has a groin injury. And then, our guy, Nikola Jovic, who's been playing well, didn't do anything at all. And Duncan Robinson, who has been kinda hit or miss lately and unfortunately isn't on my roster, was terrible yesterday. Didn't didn't even score, I don't think. All his all his fantasy production came from rebounds and assists. So the Jimmy Butler being back is gonna be weird for Jacquez. I I don't care. I'm still telling people to hold on to Jaime Jacquez till till the end. Well, yeah, because you just don't know about Jimmy's health. Mhmm. You know, he's been in and out all season, and it's one of those things where it's like it it's unpredictable, so he might as well and Haquez has proven himself and Herro, obviously, and Bam, and and those guys are all good. Yeah. I stayed away from Miami this year, so I don't have any Miami guys on my team. Well, and then on the Nets side, it was all McHale Bridges and and my guy Cam Thomas who is either scoring a ton of points and not doing anything else or he's not scoring any points and not doing anything else. He is a he's something else. It's so funny. There's definitely a type of person that is clinging and holding on to Cam Thomas with fervor, and almost with pride a little bit, and you're one of them and and my buddy Victor who's in chat, he's another one. It's like, Cam and when he has a good game, it's like shouting from the rooftops. Yeah, Cam. Well, he did that the 1st week of the season. I think he had 3 games where he just went off, and he was on my bench in my 30 team league. And then I got him in my lineup the next week, and that was a disaster. And then he was hurt. Like, I I have not had a good I've not had an enjoyable Cam Thomas, experience this season, but he's a guy that in a 30 team league as a starter in your lineup that you got with the 200 pick, like, he he's invaluable to me, in that league. So, yeah, it's and I think because he's so valuable to me in my 30 team league, it makes me show some sort of loyalty to him in my 12 man league, but maybe that's just stupid. I don't know. I mean, he's he's holdable in in 12, so you're okay. You've got a note here about Dennis Smith junior. Yeah. I mean, since he started playing for them, he looks really good. You remember was it in Charlotte where he was somebody got injured and he started playing, and he was just so solid, his defense, and and he was like a Rossable rest of season player. And that's why he's looking like that in Brooklyn. Looks way better than Dinwiddie. Well and, yeah, the DSJ, it was in Charlotte. It was who was the point guard back then? I can't even think. Oh, Walker. It was Kemba. Kemba Walker. Went down, and DSJ came in. Yep. He he was hitting threes. He was getting steals. He was doing everything. He looked really good for, like, 3 weeks. And then he went to the Knicks, and and it was all it was all gone. But he was he's kinda back. I haven't really paid attention to to DSJ. Is he, sitting on wave waiver wires in our league? Nah. He was picked up pretty quickly. Alright. I wonder what is I wonder what is wrong. Are on it in our league, man. They are they are they pick him up mid game. We were talking about Mark Smith yesterday, and Mark Smith didn't wanna play in our league. He's the he's one of the guitarists in Explosions in the Sky, and he, I he was on tour and we had dinner. And I was like, dude, play in play in my league. And he's like, man, I I might be on the road so much. I just don't know if I can do it. I'm like, I know you want to. He's like, alright. I'll play. So he's in, and he picked up Gigi Jackson yesterday, like, right off as soon as he scored, like, 8 points. Right? He was on it. He's been on it all season for somebody that's half committed, supposedly. Orlando Magic. They had lost 3 straight, I think. They came back in 1. They beat the Knicks yesterday. I don't understand how Orlando is having such a good season. They have, like, 17 point guards. They're weird at center. Paolo's really good. Franz has been hurt. Franz Wagner has been hurt. So I don't understand how they're how they're so good, but they are. And they're they're really kinda bland box scores in Orlando. Like, there's nothing really exciting to see there usually when you go and check. But, the Knicks have been kind of exciting since they made that trade. Jalen Brunson, Julius Randle usually go off, sort of like Hardaway and and Kyrie, except Brunson was out yesterday again for the 2nd game in a row. Julius Randle only scored 15. He was super quiet. And this Quintin McBride character has kinda balled out for 2 games in a row for for Brunson. If Brunson misses more games, I think McBride is the guy you wanna have in your lineup. Seems like he's the guy. What's his nickname? Deuce? Deuce McBride? Yep. That's a really cool name. I wish that was my name. That's a very cool name. Orlando, I feel like they the same guys have been playing together now consistently for a couple seasons. I I think they got really good chemistry. I gotta say Suggs. Suggs is like I feel like a little bit like a heart and soul type of player of the team, and he goes so hard that I mean, I I have him on my team. I just it's only a matter of time before he injures himself because he goes so hard. But I think the guys really rally around his type of play, and they all show that kinda that kinda play on court. And I think, I think they're really they've they've been fun to watch too, and I think the fans love them. So, I'm not surprised that that they're pretty good this year. It feels like it's been leading up to that a little bit. Yes. And if Brunson misses another game I'm picking with Bright up, I also have breaking Dennis Smith junior news. He is only 11% rostered in Yahoo Leagues, which means he's probably, like, 6% rostered in ESPN Leagues, and he's on our waiver wire in our league. He is? Somebody dropped him. Yep. He's on waivers till 18th. So, I mean, we can't pick him up, right now, but he's, Luckily, I saved up some ads. He's out there. Good news. Yes. Anything else with that game? I don't think we need anything. The Knicks. I mean, Hartenstein. Come on. Right. Mhmm. Jeez, Louise. That's another one I snoozed on. I think that was one of those cases where he was picked up before. Nah. He was picked up when the injury happened. Yeah. He's he's amazing. He's been so good. But I'm worried about anyone like Jalen Brunson that's on a Thibodaux team because it's they get worked. And then calf, ugh, that's not good. And he won't be allowed to have time to recover. Yeah. So yeah. Interesting on Hartenstein. I've been on a Hartenstein bandwagon all all year, man. I I love Hartenstein when he what is that? He was good when he was on the Clippers too. Yeah. Hartstein is balling out. Like, those 2 20 rebound games and 4 blocks, he's he's scoring some points, and there's literally no one else there to play center. And Thibodeaux is just gonna roll him out there for 35 minutes a night, and it's gonna be super fun. So I'm I'm pretty psyched about what he is doing. Yeah. It's been fun. The Hawks, got 36 and 13 from Trey. They were blowing out the San Antonio Spurs. Jaylen Johnson did an did more Jaylen Johnson stuff. 16, 10, 7, 6. That's 6 steals. Dejounte is quiet again. Weird vibe in Atlanta with with D'Jante and, Trey. And then you've also got this 3 headed thing going on at forward with Jalen, Deandre Hunter, who's hurt, and Citi Bey. And then you've got Cliff Capella holding back, Kongwu. I mean, there's a lot of things. There's a lot of position battles going on in Atlanta that are all kind of messy. Josh Lloyd I'm a big Josh Lloyd, span, and, he's been alluding to some kinda drama happening in Atlanta, but he won't divulge it on air. Do you know anything about this? I do not know the details. I do not know the details of the drama. I would assume I if I was gonna guess, I'd say there might be a lady a lady involved. It's usually when there's drama on NBA teams, it usually involves, a woman. I'm I'm my experience. So he's gonna get traded, you think? I don't know what's gonna happen. I think Likely then. They've gotta get rid of Deandre. I think they gotta get rid of Deandre Hunter at this point. And it sounds like DeJontay is creating tremendous interest throughout the league. Like, the Lakers want him. Who doesn't want Dejounte Murray on their team? Right? And and Jalen Johnson, you know, they were saying on the TNT telecast last night that he looks like the most improved player in the league this year. I'm not gonna argue with that. He looks incredible. So the hawks, I don't think they're that far from being really good. I like the coach. I think I think they're they're in a good spot, but I think putting Trey and DeJante together has kinda failed. It's a failed experiment. And if they trade DeJante and turn him into a couple studs, everything is fixable. I don't know. Yeah. I'm sorry I don't know what the exact drama is in Atlanta, though. I wish I did. Damn it. I I wanna hear about the drama. I could probably find out. I could probably I could probably give my buddy Bobby a call and find out. But Yeah. Just text it to me. I don't know. Okay. I'll see see what I can do. Wen Banyami yesterday, I looked at his stat line at halftime. Yuri, I had him going in all my leagues. I had him in FanDuel and Underdog and everything else. Nothing. And then the second half, he just went nuts. He had 5 blocks, 26 points, 13 boards, 2 steals. Almost all of that came in the second half. I don't know what he was doing for the first half of that game. He he may have been sitting, in the front row eating popcorn with that actress that owns the Hawks. But I don't know. He he just went nuts the second half, and then Sohan had 23 points, 8 boards, forces, 2 steals, 2 blocks, and 2 threes. You can't rely on that guy. Right? Like but, man, if he's gonna do that once a week, I'll put him back on my team. Yeah. I know. I I actually went to look to grab him because I knew he was on waivers, but he had been picked up by Amy, I think. So, yeah, he might, he might be getting more time, more more minutes going forward. It's really hard to tell with Popovich, though. Like Like, we don't know what Pop is doing this year. Jay, Trey Jones had 30 on Wednesday or on Saturday, and then he had 2 points last night, I think. I don't know. Yeah. And that's sort of the way San Antonio's gonna be. And now they play back to back on Friday Saturday again. So which one is Wembley gonna sit out? At least WEMBA sitting games is is the most frustrating thing ever. And you know it's rumors that that's gonna start though. The management's gonna stop. They're gonna stop doing that? Yeah. That's what I I I thought I read that somewhere that Oh, it may it may have come up because I I know when when pops said he was gonna do it, it was based on, you know, until his his ankle injury is healed. So maybe maybe we're there. That would be fantastic. Yeah. I I should probably look into that since this is my job and all. Oh, here we go. This is gonna be this is gonna now Yuri, you sent me a gift one time back in the day. In fact, when you're talking, I'm gonna go get it because it's so cool. But, it's a Golden State Warriors, gift, and that is your team. And when the Warriors were rolling, KD and Klay and Steph and Dre were all killing it on all cylinders, you were you were living your best life. Yeah. I've been a Doves fan since the Run TMC days, and, I it was it's they were so much fun to watch, small ball, Nelly Ball, and then the dark years, ups and downs, and then freaking dynasty happened. And, I was lucky enough to be a season ticket holder. I think when it started was right after they drafted Steph, I think. So as as a perk of the season ticket holder and I think, oh, David Lee too was there. I think that was the 1st year that we had players in the in the all star weekend. I don't even think they were in the game. But, anyway, Dee Lee and, Steph, I think, were going to all star weekend. And as a perk for season ticket holders, we were asked to choose 1 player Mhmm. Who we could have a signed jersey from. And me being this is if you know this is classic me where I just sometimes make the stupidest decisions that I regret for life, I chose we just saw we just drafted him, Anthony Randolph. Anthony Randolph. I coulda had a I think it was a rookie year Steph signed jersey, but now Anthony Randolph. And, then I was like then I think you really liked Anthony Randolph for some and I was just like, I'm gonna give doctor Ray this jersey. So there it is. I was always trying to cling on to the Anthony Randolph bandwagon because he had that really incredible 2 week run-in April of 2,008, I think it was. Somewhere around there where he just went nuts in meaningless games. And I was I was all about Ant Rand because he would get steals, he would get blocks, and he just became my guy. And you sent me an autograph to Anthony Randolph Jersey, which that story is hilarious because I mean, why would you not send that to me? Had you had you picked a Steph Curry, rookie autographed jersey, I'm guessing I would not have gotten that in the mail. I'm guessing it would be hanging up in your house somewhere, or you'd be wearing it every day of your life. Yeah. I yeah. I don't even wanna think about it. That's awesome. Well, I do love it, though. It's a cool I mean, it's a cool jersey, and it's it's signed by Ant Rand, and I've got it in my attic. How many people can say they've got a a sign the Ant Rand jersey in their Seriously. Right? See, I did you a solid there. It's a conversation piece. It really is. I'm gonna hang it up. It's gonna replace, Luca. Replace Luca for a minute. Speaking of Golden State, Memphis beats them yesterday without any of their guys. Right? With a bunch of g leaguers. They're gonna get spread on that game? Do you remember yeah. No idea. I have no idea. But Jaren Jackson junior had 185. What? Four steals, a block, and 3 3 pointers. Like, he did his job. Yep. My guy, Vincent Williams junior, who I'm all fired up about, had 24.7 boards, 4 assists. Two steals, a block, and 3 3 pointers. Those were the highlights for Memphis. I mean, they're so banged up right now. Like, we can go through a list of, like, 5 or 6 guys and and decide what like, we'll do that right right after I think Gigi Jackson was the highlight of Memphis at least in terms of fantasy. People were talking about him. Like, we were just picking him up mid game. I mean, it was nuts. Yeah. I miss I misspoke. Yes. Gigi Jackson was the highlight. 23 points, 6 boards, 2 assists, 2 steals, 5 3 pointers. Yeah. I I was I was I had a brain fade there for a second. So, yes, Chi Chi Jackson, who a lot of people have never even heard of, he went to South Carolina. He's been in the g league this year. He just turned 19 years old, went off yesterday. And his interview on TNT afterwards was awesome. That was so cute. Yeah. He's it was cute. That's a good word for it. Very cute. And, like, I think everybody who saw that is now a Gigi Jackson fan. Now are you running out? Like I couldn't. You know, I posted so I posted on Basketball Monster, like, should I drop Nesmith for Gigi Jackson? I don't know anything about him. Tell me what to do, and everyone I I think I got people saying, yes. Drop Neesmith for Gigi Jackson. And then, I get home, and, he's already picked up by Zelda. Explosions, dude. Yeah. So, we'll see. I mean, I I I don't know if that that defense was real. He's obviously like, he's a scorer. He shoots threes, but maybe his percent his field goal percentage isn't that great. I think he was he's perfect from the line, yeah, yesterday. It was an 8 8 point spread, by the way. Thanks, Victor. I can't. I don't think, it matters if if he's if that was a fluke or not. I think you pick this guy up. Totally. I think you pick Vince Williams up. I think you think about picking Santi Adama up. I think you think about picking Jacob Gulliard up. I think you think about picking Luke Kennard up because Desmond Bane, 6 weeks. Ja Morant, season. Steven Adams, season. Who's the other 6 weeks? Smart. Marcus Smart, 6 weeks. They're all gone. Like, everything's gone. Jared Jackson Junior is probably the next guy to get shut down the minute he tweaks a leg or a back or anything. And I I just think we're gonna see kids play for this team the rest of the way. So, Yeah. So we ranked the Memphis pickups. We did. You wanna rattle off your list from top to bottom? My top to bottom list is Vince, then Gigi, then Santi Aldama, then Luke Kennard, then Jacob Gilliard, and then, David Roddy. And it looks like I oh, no. Kennard's in there. I thought I I thought I forgot Kennard. So I go Vince, Gigi, Aldama, Kennard, Gilead, Roddy. Cool. That's a good list. I go Tillman, and William's tied for the top. I think Xavier Tillman looks solid. He does. And then Not not yesterday he didn't. No. But he got some defensive stuff. I mean, it's you know? And for me, for my team, that that's all I need. Then Gigi, then Kennard, Aldama, and then Gilead. Williams looks so solid, though. Yeah. I jumped on him early, and I'm I'm really glad I did. I I should have I should have Xavier Tillman somewhere on my list because he was playing well. He's another guy. Just add him to the mix. I wish they were playing tonight. We could just go pick them all up. Like, every one of them would be fun. I'm lucky. The only in our league is notoriously like, we don't do a lot of trades, but I was lucky that I got a trade pulled off. My j j j for Brook Lopez, who just fits my team build better. And this was before Jo went down. It was after Marcus went down, but before Jo went down. And I'm happy that I got that done because I don't know. J j j, he's in my panic list, but who knows what's gonna happen with him. He is kind of a panic list guy at this point. And when you did that trade, I'm like, I don't really love that. JJ Aaron Jackson Junior for Brook Lopez. Sort of like the guy that keeps yelling at me on Twitter when I say that I'd rather have, Chet than Jayson Tatum. Tatum sounds better on paper, but Chet Chet's Chet's higher ranked than he is. And Brook Lopez, man, just he won't go away. He never goes away. He just keeps hanging around. And, yeah, I I mean, I feel like Triple j is kind of a ticking time bomb there. So, probably a good move by you. Talk about your dubs. Curry at 26, Kuminga free Kuminga, 20 and 11. Congratulations to Draymond Green on his return from a extended absence with his, triple single. Classic Draymond. Seven boards, 4 assists. Are you worried about my guy, Podge, with, Draymond back? You know, I'm not. I think he's he's such a spark, and he's really shown that, like, he can do a lot of things when he's in the game, that I think Kerr's gonna keep giving him minutes. He's gonna find minutes for him. And, yeah, I I mean, I wouldn't drop Pajimsky. I think trace is over. Trace days are over. I think Kaminga is back to just the old Kaminga where he's just just points. But, I think Draymond I mean, I'm happy that Draymond's back because I I have Steph Curry on my team, and Steph is just way better with Draymond there. And Draymond does these things that are just only Draymond can do, like that one where he he kept the ball alive, you know, at the end of that quarter or something yesterday. And, I mean, he just he's so smart, and he's and he sees all these things happening, and he frees up stuff. And so I'm glad he's back, just for the sake of stuff, but I don't know. Think I realized I don't think I realized how dependent on Draymond Green Steph Curry's game is. Like Big time dependent. And he he can't he can't get his own stuff without Draymond being in there helping him out. It's it's weird. Yeah, Trace Jackson Davis did nothing yesterday. That makes me sad. Yeah. At least play 27 minutes. Yeah. So And I think he's gonna get that Cody's gonna play. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead, sir. I think I think he's gonna get, like, 25 minutes. He's gonna he's gonna find those minutes for him because he's he's a difference maker. Maybe kinda like a 6 man type. I don't know. And Wiggins, I don't know. He he might still have some minimum. I mean, it's all dependent on the trade. I think the Dubs are gonna do some trade deadline, and it's weird watching the team knowing that everyone's on the block except for Steph. It's a weird creepy feeling, which I'm not used to having, but I think the guys are still gonna ball out as much as best as they can every game. You know, they they fight. They fight in every game. So It's also weird seeing Andrew Wiggins be so bad for this long. I mean, I I did I really thought he was gonna have a good year, and it's just been a disaster all the entire year. It's confounding. I think there's just mental stuff going on. Yeah. Yuri, I'm gonna read this FanDuel copy. Why don't you FanDuel. Why don't you read through some of those comments, dig through some of those comments? I have a few of them a lot feeling a lot of them are directed at you. See if we can find any, questions to answer in there why do this, if you know how to do it. Tackle 1,000,000 in prizes, all playoffs long, and FanDuel Fantasy Contest. If you're new to Fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match up to $100. So you put a $100 in FanDuel, they give you another a 100. Playing fantasy for huge cast projects on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. Now, I play FanDuel almost every single day, but I I have not set any lineups for today. I would tell you who I have in my lineup, but we do this way too early in the morning. I should still be sleeping actually. Plus on FanDuel, you can choose from a full slate of contests featuring multiple games, single contests, season long basketball contests, beginner only contests, which are great for learning the ropes and more. And when you win, you get paid instantly. So kickoff football season I guess, playoff season, with 100% deposit match up to a $100. Go to FanDuel.com and start playing for huge cash prizes today. There we go. Nice. Did you find anything? Well, Victor Garcia, bless his heart, is in there answering a lot of questions, so thanks, Victor. I think somebody was wondering about Siakam for Miles Bridges or Miles Bridges for Siakam Nyan Cat. If you find it, click on it, and it'll post it up on the screen, and we can talk about it. I don't think I can do that. Maybe What's yeah. Yeah. You might not be able to. Yeah. Don Sicario, 8:11 AM. I'm gonna go with this one first. Oh, okay. Trey Cooper is worried that someone's gonna pick up Vince Williams. Should I drop Kevin Herder for him or wait until the game starts? That is a great question right there. Well, 1, why does he have Kevin Herder? Is it just for streaming the beginning of the week? Because there's 6 there's only 6 games tonight. Nobody's playing. So he he I I would I if I had Kevin Herder, I would not wanna drop him until the game started tonight. But you're right. Kevin Herder has not worked. Added him for the game, then, obviously, like, I don't I wouldn't waste my ad. I would see that ad through. But That's tough. I don't know, man. I mean, I think Vince Williams is is more guaranteed than herder. Like, one game of Vince Williams might be worth all of Kevin Herder's games. I don't know. I wonder if any of his lead mates are watching watching this podcast, and they're like, oh, I know Trey Cooper. I'm gonna go pick up Vince Williams. I don't know, man. Cooper's not his real name. I would rather have Vince Williams by a mile, but I get that you may need the game play from Kevin Herter tonight. So it's a tough call. We've got roughly, what, 7 hours to wait that out. If your league is savvy and they make moves wouldn't Vince already be gone? He should already be gone. I've had him for 2 weeks. So if he's still out there now, he may still be out there at 10. In, like, a 10 team league or an 8 team league or something. Maybe. Was it Miles Bridges for Siakam? Yeah. I think that's what So can anyone anybody that rosters Miles get him and, like, trade him? Because I don't know. I feel like I have Miles on my team. I picked him off off waivers when he was nearing coming back, and I I just don't think anybody would take him in our league. Oh, I don't know. Have you offered him? I haven't. He's been pretty alright. He's been balling. He's been playing good. He's been playing good, but he hasn't been playing better since since, ball came back. So I'm I'm gonna wait and see how that shakes out. Alright. I'm just gonna answer this question straight up. If I can trade Miles Bridges to get Pascal Siakam, I'm doing it. Yeah. You do it. I agree. Absolutely. And Pascal Siakam is gonna get traded. I don't know where to. Hopefully, Atlanta. That would be awesome. He's gonna get traded, and then he's he's gonna keep balling out all year. So, if you can trade bridges for Siakam, you just do it. You don't even you don't even think about it. I got a question because you brought this up on on your pod a couple weeks ago where I floated you, Zach LaVine for Dante DiVincenzo and who we both still still own. How do I feel about that now? Yeah. How do you feel about that now? Not great. LaVine has looked good. He's look good. And Dante isn't getting I thought you said LaVine LaVine is look good. You said he's look good. I thought you said LaVine is look good. LaVine is look good. LaVine. That's no. I that that's even better. He he does look good. Dante gives me what my build needs more than LaVine, though, so I don't know. Let's let's keep stewing on that one. I told my son to check his trade offers, and he asked me last night if Herb Jones for who was it? Bradley Beal. For Bradley Beal was a good trade. I said, I've heard worse. I think there's, like, a lot of people that would tell you to run out and make that deal if you're soaring because like, Camilla and I, when we talk about Herb Jones, she's just kinda like, Herb Jones didn't really move the needle for me. And Brad Beal caught fire, and he looked really good for a stretch there. And maybe he still does look really good right now. I mean He's in my hot player list. Yeah. I think I think that's a trade I would probably make. Well, it's gone now. I'm a thorn. Oh, did you pull it already? I did. Okay. Let's answer this question, and then you can wrap up with the notes you did. Because I didn't. That other stuff, that panic meter and stuff, that's more for, like, when Ken and I do this, and I knew we were gonna be out of time by then, so I didn't do anything. But we'll do we'll go over your hot list or your panic meter and your hot list. I have 3 Grizzlies on my roster, Luke Kennard, Xavier Tillman, Gigi Jackson. I don't know if that's something okay or not. And that's from Aditha. He's on here every week. He's loyal loyal supporter of this podcast. How do you feel about having a bunch of dudes on the same team, Yuri? It's a risk, you know, but I think the Grizzlies is one of those teams right now where you can do that. You can get away with that. I saw Bob Nasanovic had, like, 3 or 4 Raptors on his team, which I thought was really weird and odd from Bob, but, yeah, I think I think you're alright, Aditya, in his weird 15 cat league. I love it. 15 cats. Yes. The weird 15 cat league. Alright. He's on his Can we talk about, my buddy Frank wants to know your thoughts on Keegan Murray. Oh, absolutely. Where is Frank? He's 853. Just he's at the bottom. Like, new or old? Like, was it Newest. Frank. I see Skeeter. I see Ian. There's Frank. Frank says, anything to say about Keegan Murray? You know what? I don't have Keegan Murray on any of my rosters. Me neither. I think of him as like a 3 point specialist kinda guy more than anything. Any he'll have those occasional games as you know where he just blows up and looks like he's ready to take over the world like Jalen Johnson, and then he just kinda fades back away into the background right after that. So I like him. I think he's gonna be I think he's gonna be a really good player. I think we might might be a year or 2 early on Keegan Murray right now. But, again, I haven't studied him, and it's taken me forever to pull up his game log here. I feel like the Kings the Kings, will reassess during the break, and, yeah, guys like Keegan Murray might come alive after the break, Frank. Because I mean, Sunday, 19 minutes, 4 points, but he got hurt in that game. Right? I think he hurt his hip. So that was before that, he he put together 3 really good games in a row. So I feel like he was coming on sort of like Torrey Eason, and I totally interrupted you, Yuri. I'm sorry. He was coming on like Tory Eason, and now he's hurt. So we don't even know if he's gonna play tonight. Carry on. I'm sorry I interrupted you. It's alright. I I was done with my thought. Alright. So, let's see. We got 4 minutes. So my panic meter, guys, D'Anthony Melton, I'm really worried about back issue back issues in general. And based on my weird ass build, he's my top ranked player. So I'm, I'm really worried about losing Anthony Milton. I also you know, I drafted Ben Simmons, Bradley Beal, so, like, the back issues really scare me. 2nd on my yeah. You I mean, I think, yeah. If he does come back, I'm I think it's gonna be he's gonna be limited a lot. Ben Simmons. I haven't heard that name in a minute. How's he doing? He's still sitting he's still riding pine. He's still getting paid. People are still holding on to him hoping that he comes back, but, jeez, I I dropped him months ago. Triple j is on your list. Jared Jackson, Junior. Triple j. You know, I think covered that. Yep. We kinda covered that. So and Steph, you know, I think in lately, he's lost a little bit of that joy. I mean, I hate to say it, but, like, Timmy Hardaway junior is giving me more what I need than Steph is. But, you know, I I love I'm I'm dubs die hard. So, That's crazy, dude, that you have more faith in Tim Hardaway junior right now than you've used Steph Curry. Oh, lately? That's bad. But I think with Draymond back, I think Steph Steph's gonna be back to his old self a little bit more. I hope Steph Curry is not watching this. He's gonna be very upset. He knows, like, his number one fan is, like, kinda kinda bumming. Alright. Who you got down in your, My hot list. Your hot list. That's a good one. Got 2 guys, and they're both Suns players. So, you know, Grace and Allen, Tim Ted Cruz's son from another mother. Per game, he's ranked 44th in the last month. Yeah. He's averaging 4 14.9 points, 3 triples, 3.9 rebounds, 2.8 assists, 1.1 steals, 0.9 blocks, 50% field goal, 93% free throw. Like and he's not needing much usage to do it. He's so consistent and clutch. And when they're without Beal, it's like Grayson Allen. I never thought I would love Grayson Allen, but I love Grayson Allen. He's been so solid. Dude, I love Grayson Allen this year. Like, I but is he going away because of your other hot player? Because of Beal? Yeah. He hasn't been. I mean, I think he's had a couple duds, but I think he's really important to that that team. So I think he's gonna plug in where he he can. If he's not scoring, he'll be doing defensive side, so I still love him for that. And then Bradley Beal is my other hot player, so I was expecting a 0, him riding pot on my bench. So I'm very happy with what he's done since he's been back. So over the 9 games per game, he's been he's ranked 74th, averaging 20.6 points, 4.3 rebounds, 4.3 assists, 1.8 threes. And then I love the defense, like, one steal and 0.4 blocks, and his percentages have been good too. So I'll take it. You know? Even I'm still trying to trade him, I'm I'm not unhappy with him on my team. Well, move him while you can. That's that's the best advice I give. Bradley Beal's next leg his leg I don't trust his legs, let alone his back, but, Grayson Allen, he kinda reminds me of Dante DiVincenzo. They sorta do the same stuff. There's nothing flashy. They're not gonna score a ton of points usually. Occasionally, they will, but I I feel like they're sort of in the same realm. But, yeah, looking back on that, I kinda wish I would've given you Dante DiVincenzo and taking taking Zach LaVine off your hands. Although this LaVine thing's not over yet. If he doesn't get traded out of Chicago and I don't know. That that that would be a disaster. I think they were unable to move him. Well, now I know you're interested, so it's good. I mean, it's Dante DiVincenzo. Right? I'll give you I'll give you Dante DiVincenzo for Grace and Allen. Let's do that. Alright. We are over the 1 hour mark, which I try not to do. Yuri, this is super fun having you on. Really fun. We can do it again sometime, hopefully, since RotoWire is so cool about letting me pick my own guests. Who do I have lined up for the next one? Do I know yet? Oh, it might be Raphael Raphael Johnson, who I used to work with at NBC. Oh, he's great. And then it looks like Jonas. Nice. And then Kenny Crites, the k train back in the saddle. And then Rick, Kamla, and I will be here this Thursday to break down everything that happens on Wednesday night. Yuri, any any last words you need to say goodbye to Victor or any of your people here you've got No. Thanks everyone for showing up today, guys, and supporting us. And, Steve, thanks for having me on, and, good luck in your match. Who are you matched up against this week in our league? Zola. Mark Smith. You guys picking our belts? Picking our belts. Zelda. Probably gonna destroy me. I'm against Brian. Always a good matchup with Brian. Brian Rosenworcel? Yeah. I love I love playing him. Dude, he's balling. He's got he's got a good team. Only team veteran is is Malcolmus' auto draft. Freaking Malcolmus, man. Freaking Malcolmus. I got to talk to him at length about that at his Christmas party. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, like LeBron. He's got KD. He's got, like, all these He's got Kyrie. He's got Kawhi. He's got all the old dudes that are balling out this year. He's got all those other guys that nobody wanted that had now decided that they're never gonna miss another basketball game. Yeah. I mean, genius strategy. Just if if you know you're picking first, just go autograph because you'll get value, and that's what he got. Ridiculous. So ridiculous. Well, good luck against Brian, and, we'll see you next time. Alright. Bye. Bye.