Welcome to the award winning fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by a sponsor, smartbracket.i0. It's Friday, March 15, 2024. Alex Baruthier here with Shannon McEwan and Ken K train Kreitz. All aboard. So last night, Luka Doncic sat out Thursday's 126, 119 loss to the thunder due to a hamstring injury because MRI came back clean, tentatively considered questionable for Sunday's game against the Nuggets. He is coming off a streak of 7 consecutive 30 point triple doubles. He is the number one fantasy player in 8 cat over the past 30 days above Victor Wembanyama and Nikola Jokic. Luca right now, 3rd in MVP odds at 10 to 1 behind SGA, who is 4 to 1, and Nikola Jokic, the favorite at minus 270, can I ask you, does that feel like the right order? Well, I think it's stupid that the MVP rankings are just regular season because who cares how people do in the regular season? This feels like a rant. Is this a is this an old man? I should've saved this. Damn. Darn it. This is better than the rant I wrote. Yeah. It's stupid. Who cares? Regular season MVP. I mean, I realize there's a lot of people wagering money. And, by the way, OKC Thunder played in California, the East Coast. SGA would be running away with this. It's, it's horribly biased by media markets, and, I don't care who's best in the regular season. If you lose in the 1st round of the playoffs, you're not an MVP. This this is partially why I think Jokic is such a heavy favorite is because I think people want to give him the award for what he didn't win last year in addition to being finals MVP and winning the finals. It's almost like voters' remorse in a way. Well, also Embiid's injury. Right? Like, there was the number 2 guy, and then he fell. Yeah. Embiid was already coming close to game count issues before that. Anyway, Ken, we have some unfortunate news to to quickly pass along. Yeah. Oh, yes. Yes. RJ Barrett could be out for an extended period after his younger brother passed away. RJ did not play Wednesday and will not play Friday. That is, all we know right now, and, our condolences to the Barrett family, though. You know, I doubt they listen to the show. I hope they do not. That's not what they need right now, unfortunately. Yeah. Shannon, we got some, expected or unexpected. I don't even know how you classify it anymore. Ben Simmons update. Yeah. Ben Simmons underwent his 2nd back surgery in 3 years. He had a microscopic partial die discectomy, I believe, is how you say that. He is expected to be fully recovered for next season's training camp. Simmons played in 15 games this season, averaged 6.1 points, 7.9 rebounds, and 5.7 assists in just under 24 minutes per game. Yeah. The, disc I think it's a disc actomy. That's a tough one to say. Basically, you're gonna shave off part of his disc that he herniated. He actually this is, I think last year, a couple years ago, he had, like, a microdiscectomy. So they, like, shaved, like, a little bit. Now they're gonna shave more off of it. So I like, he's supposed to be recovered for training camp. I don't know if people are gonna draft them next year. Back issues are tough, man. I've said it on the show in the past. You know, Rob Gronkowski, Dwight Howard. There's numerous players across various sports that have had back injuries and then never you know, they'll they'll come back and be quality players still, but never quite the same. Never able to reach that peak that they had before. And, you know, same with me with with. Tragic. Never gonna be 25 year old Shannon again. Contract wise, mister Simmons has one more year. You guys wanna guess what he's gonna make next year with the Nets? 40? 40,000,000. You nailed it. 40,000,000.3, technically. Even the point three is not bad. Good for him. 40,000,000, 40,300,000, and then he will be an unrestricted free agent. He has a player. Oh oh, no. I'm sorry. Unrestricted free agent. So the Nets Scared me. Might get another 15 games out of him next to a year, but, not good for Brooklyn. I wonder if he'll get signed. I think someone else sign him for really cheap if he wants to continue playing. I mean, I honestly I don't know how motivated. I don't think he cares. I think he gets that I mean, he's making 40,000,000 alone. He's making 37,000,000 this year. I'd be I'd be looking for spots in the Caribbean. I'm like, f you, everyone. Lie down. See, I mean, if look, if if he ends if he ends his career, he can say, hey. Look. I I was an all NBA player 1 year, all of the all defensive player. I, you know, you can sleep on a giant pile of money, Alex. Who cares what he want? I'd be like, I need my my tie at 10 AM. I'll be lying here. Pile of cash. Thank you. In in more fun news, we had DeMar DeRozan past 3 players last night in all time NBA scoring. He moved up to 30 second. He passed, Elgin Baylor, Dwyane Wade, and Adrian Dantley in that order. Danley never gets the love he deserves. Goodness gracious. I loved his. He was like 4 foot 1 and had the best post moves. I ended the season with your beloved Pistons or ended his crew with your beloved Pistons, I believe. Right, Shannon? No. They they traded him for Mark Maguire, before they be actually became, like, the true bad boys. He ended his season with my beloved Milwaukee box. Did he a career actually career? Yeah, just like Moses Malone, right? Yeah, that's a good tribute. That's a good part. Oh, no. No, he did Milwaukee 2 years, Philly back to Philly, and then the Spurs for his last year. I'm mistaken. Yeah. That's slow game is lasted forever. He didn't speed was not an element. Yeah. He could just stand under the rim and do this with his elbows and just grab it. He'd do, like, 87 head fix. Yeah. Then, Tilly went up. He'd just keep doing it. Defenders would jump just out of boredom, just out of, like, let's end this. 65 small forward back in the day when everyone had to have post moves no matter what position he played. He and Isaiah Thomas famously did not get along, which is the big reason why Dantley was traded because he was he was like an all star caliber player for the Pistons. But Isaiah didn't like him, so he's tossed the curve and and Mark Maguire came in and really solidified the Pistons rotation. And we have now officially lost the age 20 to 35 segments, so maybe we should have picked that. Well, very, very quickly, I do wanna mention, everybody above DeRozan in the all time scoring list who is retired is a hall of famer except for except for Vince Carter who is eligible in 2024 and is a finalist for the 2024 class. So, Ken, I ask you, which may spark another old man rant. Is DeMar DeRozan a hall of famer? But maybe this is 2 questions. Do you think he should be in the hall of fame, and will he probably be a hall of famer? I'm gonna say yes and yes. I mean, at some point, just the career stats, you just have to like you to say, like, to your point, when when you're at a stat level where everyone around you is a hall of famer, isn't that the argument? I'm not like those baseball guys that love to get into 72 hour arguments and start political rallies about their guy getting in or not getting in. It's basketball. And honestly, the western mass where they host the hall of fame, They're just desperate for any kind of attention they can get. So they'll be happy to have the DeRozan family rent a hotel room. I think you'll get in. I think you'll get in. I don't know if you're an ideal world, like, if we really cut down the hall of fame to make it very illegal, if he would give in. But I think I think he's gonna give in. Agree. Yeah. Let's, okay. Let's talk about our friends at smart bracket, please. Hey, March Madness fans. Before we dive into the madness, we wanted to loop you in on one of our sponsors, supported intelligence. There's no good that on this podcast. They've developed an AI tool called smartbracket. Io that could really help when you are building your brackets. Think of smartbracket. Io as that one friend who always has the inside scoop, thanks to something they call rapid recursive technology. It's like having a secret playbook for your March madness picks, making your bracket a bit smarter while saving you a ton of time. If you love the game and your bracket could use a bit of an edge or a full on strategy overhaul, smartbracket. Io is smartbracket. Io is worth a peek. It's fun and easy to use while leveraging some brilliant AI technology. It might just give you those bragging rights that you're after. With March madness around the corner, a little extra insight never hurt. When selection Sunday starts, check out smartbracket. Io. Here's to enjoying the madness and making smarter choices along the way. Thank you. Support it. Intelligence. Big shout out. Big shout out to support the intelligence for, back in the pod. Thank you, gentlemen. Their I I their AI tool, smartbracket.io, is a game changer. If you're looking for a smarter way to fill your brackets this March madness, they've got you covered. Like, I am famous for not just losing brackets, but you can bank on me for a last five finish. It's for 30 years. I've been a last five every time. So I'm all in. I'm they're gonna fill out every bracket I have to do. Before you fill out your brackets, be sure to use smartbracket.io available on the App Store and on the web. We had a kid knock on our door this week trying to raise money for her soccer team to go overseas on some, like, I don't know, AAU trip, whatever. And it was like and I said, oh, what are you selling? I'm thinking like cookies, popcorn, wrapping paper. No. It was a bracket. Like, you're 14 years old. You're you want me to bet in your, you know, in your soccer teams? Like, this is screwed up. Plus, I'm sad. I want cookies. Give me some give me chocolates or something. Like a like a 8 year old knocking on your door. Yeah. For at least start a girl scout cookie. Your mouth. Hey. I got your bracket here. You wanna bet the over on tonight's, distance game. Simone Fantagio Simone Fontacchio over 2a half threes. Trust me. But don't pay up. She said it's Rocky and Sluggo over here to break my knees. Oh my god. Okay, Ken. Before we dive into waiver wire, do we have any fans of feedback? We've got some fed feedback questions. Mister Malouk asked, Vince Williams and Max Strouse, both on my a I l. Do you think they will play next week and help his 1st week of the playoffs? The streusel injury is a little concerning to me at this point. It's a knee strain and he's been out for 6 games, and they don't necessarily Cleveland doesn't have to rush him back. And on the other on the other hand, you know, for Vince Williams for the Grizzlies, they don't have to rush him back either because they're pretty bad. But I look. I I don't have any more information than we have on Runowire in terms of their technically day to day, but neither of these teams are gonna be in a rush to get these guys back. That's all that's all I can say. Well and let me add, but you're more the expert on this, Alex. Isn't Desmond Bane gonna come back? And I'm sure if he does come back, it'll be like one game here, one game not here. But if he plays a game or 2, he's right at Vince well, they move on as the point guard, though. I guess there's enough lack of talent in that starting lineup. There'd be room for Williams and Bain if they were healthy. So, yes, I think I think I think being coming back will affect Vince Williams usage, but I don't necessarily think Bane is going to play in every game. I have to I have to shout out someone who works in our industry, Josh Lloyd on him looking at Jaren Jackson's game logs and noting who Jaren Jackson plays against versus who he does not play against. He does not play against teams like Charlotte and Washington. Brooklyn's on this list. Portland is on this list twice. So he did play yeah. He did play against good teams like the Clippers, play against Minnesota, play against Atlanta, play against OKC. So, you know, I think there's some selective sitting going on. So, if you roster Bane, be careful about that, let's say. Oh, certainly. Bing. Yes. But Williams yeah. I who knows who's planning for Memphis between now and the end of the season? Yeah. The encourage the encourage for for both those players is that their their day to day officially and questionable. So there's a chance they're gonna return. Just say watch the news over the weekend. And if you need to submit a fab bid for replacement, you know, get that in because it might not be determined. We'll we'll know more about Williams, for Saturday's game. And I'll just throw this in. Mister Maluek, he is giving us a shout out from Jakarta, Indonesia. Hello, Indonesia. We are loved in Indonesia. Next question comes from Christian Rogers. I'm gonna guess he's not in Indonesia. Thoughts on Toronto's power forward center, Johnte Porter. Possible silly season candidate? Look. I'll say yes. Possible. But I'll let Shannon touch on this since I talked about, like, 3 minutes of, last just a second ago. Yeah. Porter's had a couple, decent games, off the bench for Toronto. He he has 25 Fantasy Points and 41 Fantasy Points and only 22 and 21 minutes. That that's really buoyed by 4 blocks and 1 steal in that 41 point outing. So he has upside. He has the ability to go out there and rack up some stats if he's getting the minutes. He is the brother of Michael parter Porter junior. Correct, Alex? Nope. Yes. He is. So there's that. It's in the blood. I I'm not a big believer. I'd like to see him get, a starting nod before I am gonna stream him in. But if you're in daily leagues and and you need a streaming spot, you know, he's worth he's worth a look while Toronto's banged up because they are extremely thin right now. Total's out for the year. Is that right? It's not officially out for the season yet, but is it assumed, Alex? Yeah. Doug. Yeah. POTL. Yep. POTL. And, Porter's on a two way deal, but I can't imagine he's anywhere near the game count where they'd concerned about him playing too much or losing the two way status. And you got Kelly Olenek who's really the only center there, who's really half a power forward. And Barrett's out now, who they've been playing at power forward. So maybe Olenek slides over too because we don't know how long RJ Barrett's gonna be out with that family tragedy. Yeah. And, one thing I will say about Porter may not matter that much. He's very injury prone. He, like, missed his entire rookie season basically with a knee injury. That was undisclosed. I know this because I checked right now when I wrote 18 Jontay Porter notes. And they were all out Friday, out Thursday, out Sunday, still out Friday, out Wednesday, ruled out Monday, out Saturday, out Saturday. Yep. So, injury prone. But everything is true. He if he plays, he will he can pull up numbers. I feel like you're gonna start questioning your career choices when you realize you wrote 18 Dante Porter. Oh, I was questioning it mid sentence as I wrote another one. I was like, can we just say he's out for the year? Like, can we just make up our own sources? And then Reds 22, well, in on this, has a strategy question. I think I know the answer, but it's, do you recommend picking up streamers first thing in the morning or right before tip-off? Well, I don't I don't play in any daily transaction leagues. I will say it's I mean, the earlier, the better in theory because nobody else is gonna be able to get to them, if you get to them first. I think if it's right before tip-off, that's a good time for, like, guys who are questionable to, you know. Also depends if you have a transaction limit, Like, I'm in a daily league Right. For a transaction. So if you get somebody early and all of a sudden there's some gem, but you may have used up your transactions for the week. Yes. Shannon, any thoughts here, sir? Yeah. I mean, I oftentimes will even try to pick them up the day before if possible. To me, it's always the earlier, the better. So that's the route I would go. You're gonna you just have to take more time, do some research, and identifying the the right players to to pick up. So the early bird gets the worm, you might say. Yeah. By the way, shout out sweet Pistons hoodie. I know you've worn it before on the on the pod, but looks good, champ. Thanks. We will be auctioning it off, pod pod worn pistons, hoodie. What's our charity? My, salary. Back pain? We should be I believe it's time. It's time for the money segment of the show. The waiver wire. We have, at per usual, 2 regular picks and one long shot pick. The regular picks must be rostered in less than 50% of leagues. One long shot pick must be rostered in 25% or less of Yahoo leagues, though at this point in the year, roster rates are a little more nebulous, let's say. For game count next week, Charlotte and Dallas have 2 games, and the rest of the teams are basically split between 34. So keep that in mind when adding guys, when dropping guys, etcetera. My first suggestion, Houston Rockets, Joc Landale, 29% rostered. Elper and Shangoon out for the rest of the regular season. The, Coach Ime Udoka is not starting Joc Landale, who is a traditional backup center. They've instead shifted Jabari Smith, who who was their starting power forward up to center and then slid Ahmed Thompson into the lineup. And then they bring Landale off the bench. But Landale in back to back games has played 26 and 27 minutes. In the first game, he put up 11 4 and 5 with 2 steals in a block. 2nd game, 13 5 and 1. That's good enough for me. The minutes count everything for for me to I think you can probably roster Landale for the remainder of the season. It's it's a long play, but the Rockets do have 3 games next week. He's the only legitimate center on the roster unless you're a big Boban fan. I I like his ads. I do not care for his game. I love Bobon. I wish I wish they would play Bobon, but they won't. Shannon, your thoughts on Landell? He he's a solid option. You know, he will be coming off the bench, but it's encouraging that he played 27 minutes in the most recent game on Thursday night against Washington, who is also going small. So Lawndale's even seen 27 minutes against a team that has a a opposing team that has a small lineup. So that's encouraging. I'm gonna highlight the guy who I think is the the key target for the Rockets shortly. And I'll say for that fan interested in Porter, boy, I'd rather have Landale for sure if that's a waiver wire option for you. I'm, first of all, fans, if you like our videos, please hit like and subscribe below on the YouTubers here. We would really appreciate that. That's how we, justify doing these things. I'm kinda going all euro for my picks this week, and I think we've named all the names I'm bringing up. But they're still out there. Still avail available. Let's go to Detroit for Nina Simone Fontecchio, Tech 19, the Italian forward for Shannon's Detroit Pistons. He's only rostered in 42% of Yahoo Leagues. He has started the last two games for the Pistons. He ranks 30th over last 7 days average stats. And in his last 3 games, almost 19 points over 5 rebounds, 3 threes, and one steal over with excellent percentages, but get this over 36 minutes a game. At this point, you are just looking for minutes and opportunities, plus the Pistons have 4 games next week. Montalbani Fontacchio, pick him up. Yes, sir. My first suggestion of the week, Amen Thompson, swing man, guard forward for the Rockets, 45% rostered. As Alex mentioned, Shangoon is out for the remainder of the regular season with an ankle injury. Jabari Smith has slid over to the 5, and that's opened up the starting spot for mister excellence himself. Amen Thompson. He's been a top 25 player over the past week based on average stats, and those average his averages since joining the starting lineup and and playing 2 games as a member of the starting 5 are 13.7 rebounds, 3 assists, and 2 steals. His field goal percentage is pretty insane right now. He was 9 for 11, against the Wizards last night, but he also totaled 46 fantasy points in that outing. I I am lucky enough that I had him stashed on my bench in a couple of leagues. He absolutely should be rostered, in 10 12 team leagues moving forward. Do you remember when we were complaining about the Rockets being too deep, then Terry Eason's out, Cam Whitmore's out, now Sangoon is out? Suddenly, they're maybe happy to have old man Jeff Green. I don't know. Yeah. It was a great matchup last night for all that going against the Wizards who have no centers. Everyone everyone's a good matchup going against the Wizards. So I I I watched the last, like, 8 minutes of that game, and I was like, I don't think either of these teams are really care about who's gonna win right now, even though the Rockets were, like, up 15. I don't know what's worse, the 18 Porter player news notes. Are you watching the end of Wizards? Who was it? Wizards? I was having I was having some dinner. Okay. You know, man can't man can't watch a final 8 mega circle of Rockets Wizards? Sure. Man. Sorry. You're right. It was oh, you know what? You know what I should mention, actually? We we didn't mention this at the top. Josh Green got hurt, the other day too. It was an ankle sprain. It looked way worse than that. I actually watched that live. I thought we tore his Achilles. But it's not that, which is good news. It was kinda crazy. My my next, waiver wire suggestion, Matisse Eibull. We're at this point in the season where, yeah, Portland speaking of bad teams, Portland's out of 4 game week, which means you could stream in Matisse, based on this key stat. He has scored points in 9 straight games. That's huge for Matthys who does not always score points. But most importantly, the steals and blocks are still there. 2.1 steals, 0.9 blocks over the past 9 games. Again, it's a 4 game week, so you can stream him in and you might get yourself, you know, 8 steals, 5 blocks, something like that. So if you're if you're in desperate need of that, you know what to do. Ken, let's go to Vasile Michic. Oh, you beat me to that glorious pronunciation. Probably doing me a favor. Yes. Vasile Michic, the 30 year old rookie, Serbian guard for the Charlotte Hornets. Look. This is a playoff stash. Okay? Charlotte has only 2 games next week. Every different commissioner site handles the NBA playoffs differently, and there are options within each site. For instance, I'm in an ESPN league that the 1st round is 2 weeks and the finals are 2 weeks. So check your rules. And Mitra is a great pickup, but not if you he's only got 2 games next week. Look. The Charlotte season ended months ago. They've essentially turned into OKC's g league team with, Mitra Mann and, Pokrzyewski. Mitra just started the last 6 games for Charlotte, and they bumped Trey Mann from point guard to shooting guard. Wednesday night, Mitchel had 25 points and 8 assists that was against a woeful Memphis Grizzly squad. He shot 9 of 10 from the field. That's not gonna continue. But more importantly, look. Last 6 starts for Meachitt. Sixteen points over 6 assists, almost 2 threes while shooting an elite 93% from the free throw, and most importantly, playing 32 minutes a game for these terrible Hornets. There's a gazillion minutes of playing time for Micic after this week when he only has 2 games. It it's wild to me that his roster percentage hasn't gone up more 32%. Percent. We've talked about them 3 out of the past 4 weeks, I believe. Yeah. Abs I think it's 36%. But, I don't know. Certainly, ESPN is, like, 2. Yeah. Alright. My Shannon. My second, recommendation for the waiver wire is George, the minivan Niang, forward for Cleveland, rostered an 11% of leagues, 5 consecutive starts with Evan Mobley out. He's averaging 14.2 points, 4.2 rebounds, and 2.83 pointers in 28 minutes per game. He's been a top 75 player over the past week. I believe Niang will stick in the starting lineup even after Struz returns. He'll probably revert Okoro or Dean Wade. Those are 2 of the other guys who have received spot starts. 1 of those 2 will go to the bench, and Struse will pop back into the lineup. So I think Niang's pretty safe for as long as Mobley's out. They need Niang's size with Mobley out. And as someone who could also me, as someone who could stand to lose £15 and lived in Cleveland, love George's game. Love it. He play he plays bigger than he is too, and he's still a perimeter guy. Yeah. I like him. I like his name. If you will. Yeah. Yeah. Big man body. Big sick boy. Oh, man. Kirsty. Yes, sir. Let's, let's move to quickly our, NBA DFS section. What Long shots. Long shots. Long shots. Sorry. Yeah. Hey. I got hey. Hey. I was doing some No. I got it. Face work. I was I was I was multitasking. We had a shot screen projections issue. I was fixing it. Alright. Yeah. Oh, man. Even Alex doesn't watch this podcast. I'm I'm typing numbers on a different window. I got men talking about other men being thick in my ear. I can't I don't know what's going on anymore. Alright. Yeah. TJ McConnell. Alright. You've you've heard me do this argument a 1000000 times. Pick up TJ McConnell. Approach. Timothy John. The man has 4 games next week. You know what that means? Fire him up because he will get you 20 assists. He continues to play. 20 steals, 20 assists, and he might score 20 points in any given game. Over his past, I'm gonna go back farther. Past past 11 games for TJ. Only 20 minutes a game, but 13 points, 5 assists, 1.4 steal shooting, 60% from the field. All you gotta do is watch the Pacers play and see that he just controls everything when he's out there. So, pick him up for a 4 game week. Love it. Ken, who's your long shot? My long shot, he's actually not European. He does look like he's from Eastern Europe, but apparently, he's from Indiana. Jake LaRavia of the Memphis Grizzlies. Average game stats ranked 69th in 9 category over the last 7 days. Look. We do not know who's playing for Memphis night in, night out. Their Rabia has been a bit of a bus pick for them, so they're just giving them all the minutes. If he blows up both knees, they do not care. The guy can create his own shot, score off the dribble, also hits threes. Last 8 games, almost 14 points, 5 rebounds, 2.1 stocks, 1.4 threes, but he does have a low field goal percentage. Memphis has only 3 games next week, so that's a problem. But decent long shot, he's only, managed in 16% of Yahoo and only 4% of ESPN's. So if you're desperate, Jake LaRavia, someone's gotta shoot for Memphis. That is factually true, and that's the point of the season that we're out with Memphis. And we've been there for a while. Yeah. Okay, Shagun. Let's wrap this thing up. Yeah. Our final lot long shot suggestion of the week. Nikhil Alexander Walker or Walker Alexander. I think I might type what which one is it? Now I'm confusing myself. Alexander Walker. Yeah. Golly. Forward for Minnesota, 7% roster. He he's seen a larger role with Karl Anthony Towns. Or wait. Is it Towns, Anthony? Damn it. These names, these hyphenated names, and my backwards typing. Cat's out for a while. Anthony Carl. Yeah. Yes. Towns is out. Alexander Walker's seeing minutes. He's averaged 21 and a half points, 5 boards, 3 dimes, 4 trays in 33 minutes over the past two games. Minnesota has 4 games next week. Yeah. It it's the the the Kiel Alexander Walker will most likely come off the bench. He did receive one spot start, but that was with Kyle Anderson out. Kyle Anderson will probably start at 4, but Walker will see increased run either way. His his play is up and down, but with the 4 game week, if you're in a weekly league, he's worth a look. If you're a daily streamer, he's worth a look. So go scoop him up. This pod's off the rails. So do you mind if I tell my Karl Anthony Towns story? Please do. Alright. We're in Vegas for the annual meeting, which occurs during Summer Ball. This is 4, 5 years ago. I'm racing to the elevators in our, casino. And, just before the doors close, this giant hand reaches out and stops the doors and opens them. And there's Karl Anthony Towns alone in the elevator. And I walk in a little fanboyish, and I'm like, woah. I thought rookie of the years got their own elevator. He looks me in the eyes and goes, yeah. Wiggins is using it. I almost wept the joy that we were like, like, I'm friends now with Karl Anthony Towns. Then I asked him. I said, does Tibbs yell a lot? And he just shakes his head. Yeah. And then you were detained by security. Like a baby and huddled at the corner. Yeah. Security beat the hell out of me. I stood next to Marvin Moneybags Bagley in the Vegas airport during one of these same summer trips. We're standing in the bathroom, you know, urinal next door urinals to each other. Band of man. Yeah. Yep. And I I wanted to ask him so many questions, but, you know, Magee. Jake Magee, Jarvis Magee, the the old Wizards draft pick. Jovail? Jovail. Thank you. I knew it this time. I forgot it now. Jovail, Magee and I, yes, also waited for luggage on a on a similar Vegas trip. And, oh, shout out to I also shared an elevator in Pittsburgh with Jerry Stackhouse who just got and he was coaching Vanderbilt. They were in town to play Pitt. We were in town to see our daughter in Pittsburgh. Anyway, Jerry, sorry about you got laid off by the comp, Vanderbilt this week. That's, Milwaukee Bucks legend, Jerry Stackhouse. And Detroit Pistons. Washington Wizards legend. I mean, all 3 of us. Actual Detroit Pistons legend. I believe he led the NBA in scoring 1 year when he was on the Pistons. That, you know, so I I first of all, he was head to toe in Vanderbilt clothing. My wife had no idea who he was. And I said, coach, my Celtics aren't giving Nesmith any time. And he just laughed his head off, and he said, he's in EMA's dog house. And I was like, alright. Cool. Jerry Stackhouse and I, friends. Oh my god. Then he reported it on Roto White. Jerry Stackhouse told me. I did. I wrote a officially in the dog house. Are we done? Is that the No. Are we? We gotta wait. Wait. You wait. Shannon, you got a long shot. Yeah. We just he just talked about this. That's how we got it. That's right. Alright. I'll get the blocker in Carl in anytime. Friday, DFS segment. Gentlemen, give us your DFS advice, and I will answer questions. Oh, boy. There are 6 games today. Highest over under. All of these over unders, I guess, are applying a discussion now, but we won't get into that. 223a half is the highest over under. Atlanta versus Utah. So we got some questionable guys in that game. Taylor Hendrix, Bogdanovic, Jalen Johnson. Look, there are only 6 games on the slate. We can probably just quickly go through them all. But first, well, Shannon, let's just start with Miami Detroit. That's your that's your crew. Yeah. That that's a decent game to target. I do I actually like the Miami side a little bit more, and I'm siding with, Jimmy Butler. He's got 2 games against Detroit this season already, and he is averaging 48 fantasy points per game per game in those two contests. One other big note to pay attention to is Cade Cunningham. He's questionable for tonight, with a left it says, left knee injury management is the reason for that. So you wanna keep an eye on Cade. He's 85100 on DraftKings. Couple of good outings from him against Miami too, averaging 46 fantasy points per game in 2 contests. If Cade sits, that's a big boost for Jaden Ivey, 62100 on DraftKings. He's eligible at point guard and shooting guard. Asar Thompson already ruled out for tonight, which means another spot start for Simone Fontecchio, Tech 19 at 50, I believe. Let's see. Let's confirm his salaries about 51100. Sorry. 53100 on DraftKings. So that makes him a decent value option. You know, for me, there are 2 other games that I'm watching pretty closely. Alright? You guys just you guys just sit back and listen. Ken, take those headphones off. You don't need them. Alright. The 2 games I'm really watching, Utah versus Atlanta. It's the late game. And then the Clippers and Pelicans. James Harden is uncertain for Friday night. And we saw with Friday what happens when James Harden is out. It's Bones Highland time, baby. Bones Highland went off for 50 fantasy points last night, in the spot start, 32 minutes, 17 points, 11 assists, 55 rebounds, 4 steals. If Harden's out again, Bones Hyland has to be in your DFS lineup. He has still vastly discounted because the slate came out before last night's game finished. Bones is $43100 on draft teams. I will say, you know, we got a we got a good morning from Alan Syslowski, esteemed coworker, video editor, content creator. We must have been really screwing up for Alan to check out this video. I apologize, Alan. To the fans. I posted the wrong time. So, yeah, Alan, I and it's been a train wreck. I and I'm a big part of that. I'm sorry. Shannon, that's fantastic DMS advice. Yes. Bones highland time. It's in full effect. Oh, yeah. About shooting. Right? Like, if they get the minutes, he's a gunner. He does not carry who he angers. Absolutely. I will say, you know, Shannon mentioned the the Miami Detroit game and, like, Rozier tonight in that matchup. Sixty eight hundred is not bad for Rozier. Detroit's backcourt defense, not great, especially without Asar Thompson being there. Phoenix versus Charlotte. Phoenix, 10 point favorites on the road, will be down to Eric Gordon, notably. Charlotte's still down La Bella Ball, Seth Curry, Caleb Martin. Look, we we talked about Vasyl Lemiecic earlier. He's been balling out for them. It is a tough matchup though. Is there anybody in particular that you like in this game, or is this kind of a stayaway for you? A little bit of a stayaway. Meachuk, you know, is solid solid value. It's the second half of back to back for the Suns. Right? They played on Thursday night, so that worries me a little bit. I wanna see you know, it's very possible the Suns, decide this is a night off for a couple of their regulars. We'll see. If if he's active and especially if Booker or Durant sit for some reason, I do like Brad Beal draft teams. Just a good value under 7,000. One one last pick or or a couple of guys I wanna highlight. One Toronto, we had mentioned shorthanded. Bruce Brown, he's been getting extra run, back to back outings with with 30 plus minutes and 30 plus fantasy points, 59100 on DraftKings. And then the Utah Atlanta game that I mentioned earlier, I really like the Utah side. Utah is sitting. They've already ruled out numerous players for tonight. Hendrix is a game time decision, but Clarkson, Dunn, Markkanen, all up ruled out. They don't have anyone at at the guard spot other than Keontae George, Collin Sexton. Maybe George has been hot. He's gunning. He is shooting. He he is. Of dimes. You know, even even Taylor and Horton Tucker could see some extra run tonight, but but both Sexton and George are fantastic values. Like you mentioned, Ken, Keontae George been on fire. He's got back to back. He he had one minor game where he left early due to due to illness, but he jumped right back in and back to back 40 point outings. He's only 66100, against a a good matchup against Atlanta. You know, the myth of the the myth of the Jontay Murray's defense being quality, continues to be a myth. So please please target Jontay. He doesn't care, and he knows he's not even gonna be he's not gonna be in a Hawks uniform next year. Right? Is he? I don't know what Atlanta's doing. Atlanta is, like, number 1 in the league in terms of, like, individually. I like all of their guys, and then they just disappoint all the time. Yeah. But, yeah, I think Desjante Murray in Atlanta is like a terrier rosier in Charlotte situation where it's like he he can defend, but is he going to for this team? Yeah. I wanna go back to and I was glad you went over, Bruce Brown because the Raptors are so shorthanded. Has DraftKings overpriced Kelly Olynyk now with his run of big minutes? You can't overprice Kelly Olynyk. It's impossible to overprice 7 77,000, but he has 3 actually, I should I mean, look, since March in March, 40 fantasy points, 22, 41, 20, 42, 33, 45. So he's a pro I think he's appropriately priced, actually. He he's locked to get a fantasy point per minute. So yeah. I agree. I think I think he's pretty much appropriately priced. I don't like the matchup against Orlando, though. Yeah. Orlando stout defense. Slow slow. Okay. Let's let's talk about one more game here. I don't think you mentioned it, Shannon. Detroit or excuse me. Denver, San Antonio. Got one by Yama going up against Nikola Jokic. Denver's been playing some of the best defense in the NBA, as of late. They've really turned it up a bit. Anything you like in this game? This is another game where the road team Denver is double digit favorites. Yeah. Yeah. Blow up blow up potential is certainly there. No big surprise. You know, Michael Porter Junior, he's been on a nice little hot streak recently. Aaron Gordon's discounted. Yeah. On the on the San Antonio side, I like I like Soe Chan. I was just gonna say so, hon. Yeah. Exactly. He's been on a run. He's been on a nice run, and he also is, only 6,000 on DraftKings. You know, he's got back to back 34 and 38 fantasy point outings in the past too. He's been very solid for for the Spurs lately. Had a 36.9 a week ago too. Yeah. Absolutely. And and, you know, the blowout of this is that the Nuggets sit, but I don't think pop cares about he's not gonna rest his young guys like so on. Those guys need as much experience as they can get. Right? He's gonna play regardless of the score. Yeah. I I think so. Yeah. I mean, you could look at Aggie Aggie Buggy's game logs. I mean, if you just wanna use, you know, Wembanyama as sort of a parameter, Wembanyama hasn't seen less than 30 minutes since February 25th, and it's not like all those games are competitive. You know? Yeah. Alright. I think that that wraps it up for our Friday DFS segment. That means that maybe it's time for Ken's old man rant. Argh. You know what chortles my second chin? Old timers playing fantasy baseball or should I say rotisserie baseball. Fantasy hoops is so much better. Who would you rather watch? LeBron James or little Jose Altuve? My goodness. That a 162 game baseball marathon is a grind. Most teams are eliminated in July. And, really, you want me to track holds? Holds? Good lord. NBA games don't stop, so a player can go to the rosin bag. Plus, every pitcher gets hurt every time the wind blows. I think Gerrit Cole is out for 4 years. Elbows are not meant to throw a ball a 100 miles per hour, and I don't care who's the 5th starter for the Kansas City Royals. Give me fantasy basketball every day of the week, baby. Ken, as a fellow old well, I mean, one, this is a very anti old take that you're you're you have here. And also, you're dead wrong. Fantasy baseball is by far the best fantasy sport. It's not even close. Not even close. Forced. And, frankly, there would be no fantasy industry if it wasn't for the invention or history of baseball. But, I was look. I was out of ideas. That was the best I could come up with. We, yeah. I don't I don't participate in fantasy baseball except for you know, there's nothing going on NBA wise. There's no NFL, and it's like, you know what? I'm on a I'm on underdog or something. Let's throw on bunch of home run props. Sling them together. That's fun to me. How's that working out for you? You know, let's say worse than NBA is. So we'll keep it at that. So RotoWire was founded, you know, on this pre Internet league back at our college with and, it started with baseball. And I don't wanna leave that league because it's, like, 34 years old. But I'm also absolutely terrible at it because I just I just Have you considered taking the advice of our award winning writers? I do. The problem is everyone else in the league is also doing so. And, reading far more than I am, and I'm just more into the hoops. I'm just more into the hoops. And you're right. That's a young guy rant, to be honest. But I'm old. But Yeah. Anyway. Also doing this. Take that Clay link. Take that Clay link. You want some of this? Oh, man. Mispronounced names. I think, I feel like we had one actually. Oh, yeah. Shannon, Walker Alexander, Snafu. And a So Chan. So Chan. So Dan was bad. Yeah. So Yeah. That's really bad. Yeah. We gotta rename this segment Shannon's. I feel like Shannon's Wow. Chipping up as much as I am. That's renaming an award. That's that's big stuff. Thank you everybody for joining us on the Royal and Wire Fantasy Basketball, podcast. And as always, apologies to our sponsors, smartbracket. Io. Ken, take us out of here. Let's go to San Antonio where LeBron James said this about Victor Wembayana after he had another 5 and 5 game, meaning 5 steals, 5 blocks. He said this about Wembley. He doesn't have a ceiling. He can do whatever he wants with his career, end quote. Attention, passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line. Wembley's ceiling is the roof.