Hey, everybody. I am Steve Alexander, doctor a. This is the world famous award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast, the OGs. I'm doc. He's Rick. Let's do this thing. Well, ladies and gentlemen, Merry Christmas and happy New Year and happy holidays to everybody. It is Rick Kamla and Steve Alexander here for the World of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast, and we are excited. You know, obviously, we we've got a new year to look forward to. We've got, for me, a concert to look forward to. Doc, I don't know what you're doing on New Year's Eve, but, you know, how how was Christmas for you? I saw that you got the, the the golf video game. I know you're psyched about that. I know you're vibing right now, dude. How are you? Well, I'll tell you what, Rick. I took, I took yesterday off. Yesterday was my birthday. I set a fan to a lineup, wrote some stuff, and then just packed it in. I didn't watch any hoops last night. I did catch up on all of it today, and it it looks like I didn't miss a whole lot. It was a dud it was a dud night in the NBA. So I'm I'm kinda glad I took the night off, and and I was out celebrating my birthday and playing Golden Tee in the bar with my boys, Golden Tee Golf. And then we get home from dinner, and I walk into my family room, and there's a Golden Tee machine sitting in my house, that I did not know was coming. So pretty cool birthday surprise. I may have stayed up may have stayed up a little bit too late last night playing. Yeah. I'm pretty psyched about it. The the people that have been watching me for a while know that I'm kind of obsessed with, Golden Tee. So pretty cool birthday. Well, hanging out with you and living with you for a minute in Atlanta, I I knew that. You you were, big with that game. I like playing Golden Tee as well, although you are, you're you're a Golden Tee sicko. I'm just a Golden Tee casual. So happy belated birthday, dude, and shout out to Casey for getting you, that amazing gift. So let's press on here and talk some, reality and some fantasy basketball and some dynasty basketball in a moment here for the people, with the OGs on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. Doc, I wanna start, talking MVP because it was a Doug Knight in the NBA, and I don't feel like complaining about Donovan Mitchell missing 3 and a half weeks with an illness. Okay? I don't I don't even wanna go down that road. What are you doing? Play basketball, dude. Okay. I got it off my chest. Okay. I got it off my chest. Doc, who's your MVP right now? And and I wanna give you and the people the odds here, and I'll certainly opine. Joel Embiid right now is plus 225, draft kings. Nikola Jokic, plus 275. Luka Doncic, plus 450. Sheik Ilkis Alexander, plus 550. Giannis Antetokounmpo, plus 1200. Tatum is plus 25100. Fox, plus 35100. Hallie is at plus 4,000 with Kevin Durant. Book is at 45100, and Braun is at 7,000. And I stopped counting, but I think I remember Anthony Davis being disparaged at a +8000. Who's your MVP right now, doc, and who would you bet on? Well, it it's a loaded question. It's a tough question. The sick the Boston Celtics are in 1st place, right, in the East. To me, I I think if I'm betting right now and given those numbers, I think I'm going Jayson Tatum, to to climb between now and the end of the year. If Boston keeps winning, if Boston wins the East, it's gonna be hard to to not vote for Tatum as MVP. The MVP right now, as far as as I can tell just from how he's played this season, it's probably Joel Embiid. That's probably why he's the favorite. If I personally had a vote right now, I think I would vote for my guy, Luca, because he's doing, you know, a 6th place job for the Mavericks with himself and 4 guys you would pick up off the street, basically. Kyrie has not been there. He's playing with a rookie center that nobody has ever heard of until, you know well, they've heard of him, but Derek Lively is not a household name. He was not a big fantasy guy. And and, you know, they they pull, Dante Exum, you know, off the off the wire in Europe, and he's he's a huge part of what they're doing. Derek Jones junior having a career year because he's playing with Luca. I I think the fact that the Mavericks are 18 and 13, I kinda thought they'd be 13 and 18, at this point. So I I feel like Luca is a one man wrecking crew. He's probably the best player in fantasy if you just look at the counting stats. You're muted. Pardon me. I love that answer because it's completely different from mine. So well, I shouldn't say completely different because you did give Joel Embiid some love. I would bet on 3a half or 4 guys here. The bets for me are Joel Embiid plus 225. To me, he is the MVP right now, and I'll go into some of the rationales in a minute. Luca at a +450, I think, is a great bet right now. The way he's playing, you laid it out very, very well. I thought that his odds would be a little bit tighter with Embiid and Jokic when I went to look at it today, and there was a nice separation there. And I think that's a look. The voters wanna vote for him. There's been all this buzz about him winning the award in the media for, like, 3 years now. Usually, he enters the season at the top of the betting books, with the best odds to win, or it's him and Giannis, like, 1 and 2, and now Jokic, of course. And so there's already been a movement, which has not been paid off. It's been a tease for Luca. But if he can actually have a substantial, you know, MVP resume here where the Luca lovers can't be, like, delusional and, like, no. He's actually got a case this year. So, and the media votes on this. Okay? So that is very much in the in, Luca's favor here. I really like Luca in a plus 450. Again, it beat a plus 225, and then, SGA at a plus 550. I definitely think he's top 5 in the MVP race right now, but, this is the first time he's been in this race. That's usually a problem with the voters. He they're gonna have to win 60 games. He's gonna have to, you know, maintain these averages, maybe take them up a little bit, choose past the Lucas and past the Embiid's and the usual suspects, so that's not a play for me. Giannis at a +1200 is the best value on the entire board right now, the best value on the board. We're getting value, I think, a little bit with Embiid, who won it last year, leading the league in scoring. He's going 35, 12, and 6 for the love of God, and and we, you know, we talked about these guys, but Giannis is right there, and these odds don't speak to him being right there. Giannis gets tons of votes always. Everybody loves him. Everybody understands how great he is and how valuable he is to his team, And I don't really think that the Damian Lillard, thing is gonna create a drag on the voting. I haven't heard that narrative. Oh, I can't vote for Giannis because he's got Damian Lillard now. I have not heard that. K? I I haven't heard it for any of these guys, you know, sort of that who he's playing with thing. When you get to Booker and Durant, I think they dragging each other a little bit. LeBron and Davis, I think they dragged on each other a little bit for the MVP, but not Giannis. So Giannis at a +1200 and then LeBron at a +7,000. If you just wanna throw $10, $20 on it and hope, because it is a hope bet. But I don't think he's dead in the MVP race. He's in his 21st season. He's gonna turn 39, like, today or tomorrow, and so the age narrative will be strong. And if he can somehow get the Lakers on a heater to go to the top of the standings, he'll be right back in the MVP race. These odds will go from plus 7,000 to, like, plus 1500. Okay? So I think now is a really good time to get in on LeBron. But Embiid's my guy right now, doc. Just just check this out for a second. These numbers and what's going on with Embiid are are are really, really fun. Again, 35, 12, and 6. I would like you all hey, stat muse. When's the last time a center did that? Okay? I'd like to see that. Jokic hasn't done that. I believe it's Wilt. K? It's always Wilt. But Embiid is 35, 12, and 6 with 2 blocks, doc, 1.2 steals, 543589 splits, and check this out, man. This is probably the coolest Embiid stat of all. And by the way, Philly's 21 and 9, 3rd in the east, hanging in there nicely. Joel Embiid has more points, 874, than minutes played 854 this season. The only guy to do that is Wilt back in his famous 61, 62 season. Doc, as I look at it right now, Joel Embiid's got a clear lead over the rest of the pack. And they're gonna have to go get him, and I'm not sure they're going to be able to. Yeah. I mean, that's why the odds are are the way they are. I mean, if you if you bet on Embiid, the payout's not gonna be that huge because everybody thinks he's gonna win the MVP. Speaking of Dame Lillard, what a what a disaster yesterday. You did not see Dame go for 12 and 4 when he was with Portland. It never happened, but it seems like it happens once a week, in Milwaukee. The other thing I find very interesting about these odds is where are your Minnesota Timberwolves? Where's Anthony Edwards? Where's where's Kat? I mean, that team's 22 and 7 in 1st place in the west. No one saw it coming. No one believes it's happening, apparently, because their guys are not even in the running for MVP at this point. But Anthony Edwards' name is gonna be there at the end if Minnesota keeps going. Well, it's a it's a really good question, doc. And, I don't like, I do an MVP top 10, and Ant Man, let me see here. Is he in my I think he's, like, 8th or something like that. Where do I have Ant Man? I've got him right now at 7. Okay? My, my MVP top ten goes Embiid, Giannis, SGA, Luka, Jokic, Tatum in a virtual tie, but I got Jokic at 5, Tatum at 6, 7 as Edwards, 8 is LeBron, 9 is Halliburton, and 10 is De'Aaron Fox. So Edwards is there. The problem is, doc, he doesn't have an MVP stat line. All of these other guys have an MVP stat line. SGA, Luka, Embiid, Giannis, Jokic. And and that's the reason why I've Tatum at 6 right now or 5a half is because his numbers have come down with Porzingis there, and the numbers are great. Okay? These numbers have won MVPs before, but we're in a very stacked crazy era of the NBA. I mean, Embiid's going 30 freaking 5 points a game. Okay? This is Harden's stuff, Kobe's stuff, Jordan's stuff. Okay? And Edwards is at 25. So it's a great question, doc, but that's why. Edwards is going to have to hit a heater and get that scoring average up to 28 or 29, or he doesn't even really have my attention for MVP. The only reason I've got him on here, doc, is because of the record. And and to win MVP, you've gotta have the balance between the record and the stats, and his is imbalanced right now. He's got the record, but he does not have the stats. Okay. Yeah. I like it. And, you know, don't discount Luka's scoring. He's right there behind Embiid, and and Luca is hitting 4 triples a game. He hit 12 of 12 free throws the other night. I haven't I haven't heard people ripping you know, usually when you hear all the good things Luca does, it's followed up immediately by he can't hit free throws, he's always hurt, and he turns the ball over. But you haven't really heard too much of any of that. What you've heard is, oh, he had 50 points, 15 dimes, 6 assists, 4 steals, 3 blocks, and 8 triples on Christmas day, son. You you forgot, the guys like me complaining about all the slapping of his thighs after every missed shot and all the complaining to the refs, which is it's one of the it's one of the worst looks in the NBA, man. You're you're such a phenomenal player. I and I get lobbying the rest. LeBron does it all the time, but it's just it's so childish. All the whiny faces and the hands out, and then it's it's gross. I mean, like I feel like he's been better with it this year, though. He has, but, like, it but he still does it. I mean, but it's just a bad look, man. It's just a bad look. So and speaking of bad looks, you know who you wanna blame, for the Dame game last night is, Joc Vaughn. No. Pardon me. It's not even a Joc Vaughn thing. I I take it back because I like JB. It's the Nets medical team because you saw what was happening last night. They shelved all of these main dudes. Okay? Jalen Wilson, the Kansas kid, had a decent game and all that kind of stuff. So I they they literally forfeited a game. That was a scrimmage or a scrimmage for the Milwaukee Bucks last night, doc, and so I I I wouldn't trip on that. Dame, had 30 plus on Christmas. That was, Adrian Griffin was like, yo. We literally tonight can put on a jockstrap and tennis shoes, and we're gonna win this basketball game. And so, let's do that. No. They don't wear jockstraps anymore. Dynasty question, doc. Can you go first on this one, man? It is Rick Kamla. It is Steve Alexander. He's doctor a. I'm the freak. We're the OGs here, and, and so blessed to be on the RotoWire platform here. Dynasty question for you, doc. For the present and the future, who would you rather have, as an asset on your team, Jaime Harkas junior or Brandon Pogienski. Oh, wow. Uh-huh. Yeah. I hit you in the store like Draymond Green to Steven Adams kicking it between the uprights. Damn. I had, I had Brian from Guster on Tuesday, and I said Jaime Haquez. He goes, oh, I thought his name was Jamie Jaquez. And, That's good. That's good. Brian's funny like that. And it it was it was pretty good. And then he he, of course, tried to say Podgemski after that, and it was a disaster. So, dude What do you say? Podgemski? Is that what he said? Podgemski. Dude, it's a great question. I I think just from the eye test, I I love both those guys. And Me too. It took me a minute to come around on Haquez, just because I was worried about Jimmy Butler coming back. I was worried about Tyler Herro coming back. I was worried about the minutes. But, man, I I feel like coach Spoh loves Jaeme Haquez, and I feel like all the Heat players love Jaime Jacquez. I feel like that dude is the leader of this team right now as a rookie. They need him out there for 30 minutes a night. You know, they need me on that wall. You that whole thing. Like, they need him out there. And I think just because the Heat are are so solid and we know what they do and we they were but they were in the finals last year, and this kid is coming along and and taking such a leadership role so quickly. I'm gonna go with Jaquez, but the warriors are kind of a a a mess. Right? They they kinda are looking for an identity right now. They really don't know what's happening. Podgemski has become a leader on that team. Hustle points, Tommy points, he does it all. I love that kid, but I'm I'm gonna go with Hawkins. You just hit me with a Tommy point reference, which I absolutely love. It's a shout out to the late great Tommy Hinson on the Boston Celtics broadcast. Remember and and I I remember, doc, that Tommy used to love giving Delonte West a Tommy point. He would give Tommy points all the time. The latte, you get a Tommy point. Remember, Tommy used to say, I love you, Walter, for Walter McCarty? Yeah. Tommy Hineson. Like, literally, like, the best. Remember him crushing the refs? You gotta be kidding me. That was the worst call. Get some glasses for this rep, right, like, in the game broadcast. It was so freaking good, man. He was the most Homer of the Homer play by play guy color guys you could ever ask for, but he was he was awesome. Even if you didn't like the Celtics, it was it was so fun to listen to him. I mean, he was just like he just spazzed out. I mean, he just absolutely melted down. It was hilarious, man. Phenomenal. And the league office is probably like, oh my god, Tommy. Shut off. You're banging on our refs all the time. They don't like it when broadcasters do that. It's like a total no no. Okay? You don't hear anybody banging on refs like that. Nobody. Tommy Hines. And, by the way, hall of fame coach, hall of fame player, and so he's got that grace. Alright. Let me answer this question here, doc, with with a with a shout out to, to Tommy up above. My answer is Haquez as well. And it does create a game of tennis in my brain. I'm not, like, a 100% Hawkeyes here, but I am on Hawkeyes. My man, Jaime Hawkeyes junior, popped for 31 and 10 on Christmas Day and made 11 of 15 shots. Okay? Like, hello. If you hadn't been noticing what I've been doing and listening to Rick Kamla scream my praises all year long because doctor A just wasn't quite listening. I'm kidding. Now is your time to feast and behold the greatness of Jaime Hockett Junior. On the season, the stat line does not wow you, but the stat line involves a lot of, bench games and a lot of games early in the year when he was playing 18, 15. Right? He's been a 30 minute guy for, like, a long time now. So this is the season stat line. 14, 4, and 2, 1 steal, 1 3, 52, 38, 86. That's what's to be excited about right there. The efficiency as a rookie. 52, 38, 86. My man is flirting with 504090 as a rook. Okay? And here's, the big difference for me long term with Hockes versus Podgemski. Hockes might morph from role player to star level player when Jimmy Butler ages out, because Bam's gonna be there for a long time. Jimmy's, approaching his mid thirties here, and he can't play forever. As you mentioned, the heat absolutely love Jaime Hacques junior. It's documented. Okay? He's already their 4th most important player. Deal with that. Okay? Behind, of course, their big three. 4th most important player is a rookie, by the way, in his 2nd, month on the job. And so I feel like Hacques has, that ability to go from role player to star level player. Doc, I feel like Austin Reeves has that ability as well out in LA. I I think when LeBron ages out, and hopefully that's a long, long time from now, that Austin Reeves is a 25 and 5 guy. And he gives you those lines from time to time, but he's he doesn't live there, okay, because he's got LeBron there. But I think Reeves will be a 25 and 5 guy, and maybe even more than that when LeBron leaves. But gemski is a Kerr guy and and handpicked by Steve Kerr. And please don't get it twisted and give Mike Dunleavy junior all the credit for this. Okay? Kerr has the loudest voice in that war room. I promise. And he handpicked Poje, and that's why he's playing him. Okay? You know, over Wiggins. Oh, he's coming off the bench. Remember Klay Thompson had a couple of games where Podge came and took some of his minutes. Look, man. Kurt loves this dude. But, doc, I wonder if Podge always stays in the role player, glue guy. Draymond, we found a role in a lane for you, and you're not gonna deviate from that lane. And we're gonna we're gonna you you need to be a role player for us, and you're not gonna pop as a star level player for us. And so when the splash brothers age out, I just fear that they're gonna go big game hunting, get a bigger dude in there, and Podge will still be this, like, gritty, plucky fan favorite glue guy. You know what I'm saying? I I think, Hockas has more long term upside than than your guy, Pogg, man. So, let's move on here, doc. Let's talk about, the Detroit Pistons for a minute. How are you processing 27 straight losses for the D'ettois Pistonians? Well, you can go ahead and mark it up as 28, bro. They they're at Boston tonight. Boston's gonna roll out the ghost of Tommy. Walter Walter McCarthy will be playing. Larry Bird's gonna suit up tonight. Jayson Tatum will probably be getting some rest. Jaylen Brown's probably gonna get some rest. I mean, 27. Now it's gonna be 28. It should be. What are we doing? What what are we doing with Jaden Ivy? What are we doing with Sarah Thompson? Why are these kids not getting 35 minutes a night and balling out? Jalen Durant. Durant, why am I saying his name wrong? Duran. He needs to be playing 35 on 9. He's been hurt. He's back. Why I've been saying this for months. I just sound like an angry old man standing out in the front yard yelling at Bohan Bogdanovic. What are you doing messing up my my kids' playground? Like, get him out of there. Let the kids play. If you're gonna lose 27 in a row, at least make it fun. Look, doc, there's so much to chew on right there. I feel your pain, with all of it. Okay? So me and Antonio Daniels really got to the core of this yesterday on NBA radio, and it came from our conversation, Tom Gore's conversation. He's the governor of the Pistons, with media last Friday. Gore said that he wants Troy Weaver, his shot caller, to go get veterans before the trade deadline. I know it makes no sense at all. It's actually crazy. Alright? They have veterans on their team right now, but my man wants more. Okay? You've got Burks. You've got, Joe Harris. You've got Monte Morris, and you've got Loyan Bogdanovic. You don't need vets. You need to send those vets on to a more prosperous home in the NBA, and you need to, as Doc said, run these young guys until their tongues are hanging out, and then and only then do they come out of the game. So here's the problem, Doc. Tom Gores wants instant gratification with his team, and it's wrong. It's dumb, but that's what he wants. And so he goes and hires Monty Williams, a win today coach for a win tomorrow team. That's why the minutes for Killian Hayes and Jaden Ivy and and Duran and and now Stewart are all getting messed with, okay, and and Asar because this is what the owner wants. He wants the coach, the highest paid coach in NBA history, at the time of the signing, to win now. And to win now, they all think that they need to play best. So so we've all been banging on Monty Ones. His rotations suck. They're the worst in the NBA, and all of this is true. But the root of it is the owner of the team. Okay? If the owner of the team wanted him to play the young guys, I believe Monty would be playing the young guys. If the owner of the team was like, I literally don't care about losses right now. I'm fine with it. Okay? It's growing pains. We just gotta do the OKC thing and organically grow this. And they have the OKC thing in play, Stock. Kate is your 1, Jaden is your 2, Asar is your 3, Stewart is your 4, and Duran is your 5. You got it. Killian, is a 6 man, and you got Sasser, and you got Wiseman, and you got Bagley. There you go. 9 man rotation. Let her rip. So that's why, though, doc. It it goes back to the owner. We've been banging on Monty Williams all year and, really, we we need to combine the banging here, with Tom Gores. Now let's get let's give you some fantasy spin on this, guys. Well, quick betting thing. Boston's minus 16a half tonight, and I'm literally, I it it's sending me into, like, psychedelic, flashbacks, doc. Okay? Like, I don't know. I can't. Brain does not compute. Okay? Because I don't know if Tatum and Brown are going to play. I kinda sorta think they're not going to play. Brown is questionable with a low back contusion. Remember, LeBron need him in the back on Christmas day. And then, Jayson Tatum, left ankle left ankle sprain management. Okay? When whenever you see that word management or maintenance, the guy ain't playing. Okay? I don't think Tatum's playing tonight. I kinda doubt Brown is going to play tonight. So I can't lay 16a half, even against crummy Detroit without Brown and Tatum. I can't do that. So that stat that, point spread to me right there, that speaks to me to a Tatum and Brown included point spread. So if Tatum and Brown are announced out, do we go down to 11 and a half? So I don't know. Maybe maybe you just grab that bag right now and take the points with the Pistons, who will tie the all time record for consecutive losses with a loss tonight. But, doc, I I I really I wanna hit you with a quick fantasy spin here. I do believe that this is, like, ironically, good news for Kate Cunningham because in watching these games, doc, the 40 the other night I think it was against Atlanta. I can't remember. And then, the other night, he had 4137 in the second half. I am seeing an eye of the tiger. I am seeing a determination. I am seeing an aggression in Cade Cunningham that is born of this losing streak and wanting to get out of it that he needs to copy and paste to the rest of his career. Because he's been too resigned to losses. He's been too uncompetitive. He's been too just going through the motions and playing his minutes and getting his stats. He is learning through this doc, I believe, that there is another layer of m f'er that I have to get to, for us to get out of this losing streak and for, you know and then hopefully, he can extrapolate that going forward. K? You've gotta be an a hole to win in the NBA, and I don't think Cade fully has understood that. And now that the league is banging on him and crushing him and laughing at him and humiliating him, I think now he's like, and he's, like, trying to go Hulk smash on this thing, and I like it. Okay? These are the best stat lines that Kate Cunningham has ever put up in the NBA as they try to end this losing streak. So I do think this is ironically, doc, good news for Kate Cunningham and Kate Cunningham managers, whether it's a redraft or a dynasty league. Yeah. He he's playing well, and he's healthy for once. So you put those two things together, and it it's kind of exciting. He's still not very efficient. His his Fantasy ranking is not gonna blow your socks off, but, man, he can score. He can run the court. He can manage his team. But I I'm not really worried about Kade. I'm worried about Aussar. Alright? Aussar Thompson, this month, these are the points he scored in his game starting with Tuesday. 277-278-1020-554. Those are all single digit, nonfantasy worthy crap. He's been dropped in almost all the leagues that I play in. He's been picked up again. He's been dropped. He picked up. So far, he's that guy that bounces on and off the waiver wire all year long. He's the whimsical mistress. When the when the when the Pistons losing streak started way back on October 30th. He had 15 and 10, then he went 16 and 7, 16 and 7, 14 and 9, 16 and 7, and then he had about 3 more games where he was good, and then it all went away right around the time the the in season tournament started. So I guess my question for you is, are you are you picking him up if he's dropped in your league and you're just a 12 team redraft league. Are you picking him up and sitting on him to wait for the second half breakout? Or and, also, this win now thing, it's too late, dude. You lost 28 in a row. What good is winning 10 games I know. In January February again, do you? I don't sing it. Sing it. Nothing. It's it's dumbassery, doc. It's it's owner meddling at the worst possible degree. K? Like, this is what owner meddling looks like. This is what it the most dysfunctional team in the NBA looks like. They're and so you you made a bunch of great points right there. I am not holding Asar Thompson in a 12 team redraft. I'm not. And and here's why. In in dynasty, I mean, if you drop Asar Thompson, I'm gonna fly to your home and slap you in the face. Okay? That's what I'm going to do. In a redraft, go ahead and send them out to waivers because I I don't see this changing, doc. I don't see this changing. This is how they wanna operate. Okay? It's dumb. It's insane. This is what they're doing. Okay? So we're sane over here. We're reasonable over here. We're trying to actually win the right way. So, no, you can't do business with Asar Thompson right now. What and and so I think Jaden Ivy, doc, with this whole edict by Tom Gores, to Troy Weaver to make changes and get us better with veterans. Right? Jaden Ivy is going to be the trade piece here because I don't think the league is like, oh god. I gotta get myself into some Killian Hayes. No. And Aasar Thompson, I think he's too fresh of a draft pick. I think the Pistons are gonna wanna hang in there with him. Jaden Ivy's been there a couple of years now, and he's at odds with Monty Williams, and I think he's the guy to go. Will that be good news or bad news? I don't know. It depends on where he's traded, but but it's not it's usually not good, doc. When you're in this malaise of a minutes crunch with your coach and you're on the trade block, we don't know if you're gonna go to a contender and your minutes will drop. We don't know if you're gonna go to a bad team and your minutes are going to go up. He is in purgatory right now. Or I would hold him in a redraft. I would, because the stats he's putting up are are are like I mean, starting like, they're they're better. Right? But where are you at with Jaden Ivey? Are you holding on to him in a redraft? Yeah. I like the way his minutes are going. I I feel like he was not getting respect for money at the beginning or the ownership or whoever. He wasn't getting the beginning of the season was a disaster for him, but I I feel like Ivy is at least getting enough minutes that he has the potential to do what we expect him to do. So I'm I'm good with holding it, Ivy. Thompson, I don't know what to do with. I got him on I got him on a roster. I picked him up last week. I'm like, oh, I just got the I just got the kid. And then I looked at his game log, and I was like, well, good lord. No wonder he was available in my league. Hey, Rick. I'm gonna read this this thing real quick, and then we're gonna do a viewer question just because I wanna watch your head explode. Alright? I can't wait. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus of up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Rick, I forgot to say when I was talking about introing our podcast today. I forgot to say it's sponsored by Underdog. I also forgot to say that it's Tuesday, December 28th, so I'll throw that out there. Let me see if I can find this, this question because it's it is awesome. Swag Chad Powers wants to know, Rick, would you accept Andre Drummond and Saddiq Bey for your guy, Tyrese Maxey, in a 10 team points league? No. Why would I do that trade? Why I mean, Drummond is going to give us some, some present tense goodies. Okay? Vooch is going to miss a period of time here with the groin train. He ain't out 2 months. They haven't reported it like that. I saw 7 to 10 days. Okay? Drummond is the hottest guy in the waiver wire right now. There's no question about that. Go get him. Put him in your lineup. He went 24 and 25 the other night with stocks. Okay? I'm a big Andre Drummond guy. Always have been. He is a cuddly teddy bear of a dude, and and I think a very, very underrated player who would be doc, I said this yesterday on NBA radio. I'm willing to die on this hill. I guarantee I don't do guarantees. We don't usually do that in sports. We're not Joe freaking Namath. Okay? But I will here. I guarantee Andre Drummond would average a double double in 24 minutes with any team in the NBA. Starting coming if you just give him 24 minutes on any of the 30 teams, he's giving you at least 10 and 10. I'm willing to die on that hill. Okay? He's still that good of a player, but the NBA despises rebounds, and they are in love with 3 balls. Okay? And like I was saying, you dummies, a rebound equals a possession, as in you have the rock. What's more important than that? Okay? So reeling it back in here, to this, to the no. Okay. Doc, please tell, swag Chad Powers. Chad, thank you so much for being a part of the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to y'all by Underdog Fantasy. Please tell him that you need to get the best player in the trade, not the 2 guys. You you always should be looking to get the best guy in the trade. This is the this is the type of trade that will send your league into a frenzy. Right? Like, people will be angry. People will throw stuff. It it it feels like and I'm not saying that that Chad Powers is is a rookie or or a new new Fantasy player, whatever. But that's the kind of deal that a savvy veteran offers to somebody they think may not be fully know know fully what's going on. Because, like you said, Andre Drummond is the hottest pickup in Fantasy right now. He's gonna be good for 10 days. He's already had his game of the year. He's not gonna put those numbers up again. That's done. The next one's gonna be 129 or something like that. Savick Bey just welcomed back Jalen Johnson. So now you got Johnson, Bey, and Deandre Hunter who's who's out right now, which is also a problem when he comes back. So you're getting a a 40 year old center, that had the game of his life the other day, only thing he's done this year, and you're getting Saddiq Bey, who's a 3 headed monster for the hawks at forward, and you're giving up Tyrese Maxey, like, baby MVP, who just went o for 9 and didn't score in the first half in front of a nationwide Christmas Day audience. It's shot 4 of 22 for that game. Like, this is the ultimate buy low, sell high scenario on both ends. I don't think you wanna be a part of it. How old do you think Andre Drummond is? What did I just say? 40? I'm I'm gonna go I think you said 50, and I I won't stand for it. How old do you think Andre Drummond actually is? I'm gonna go with 3034 years old. Wow. 30. See? Do you see? This is the perception. I bet you these shot callers that think they got it all figured out around the NBA doc are looking at them the same way. Oh, he's 34. All he gets is rebounds. I can't do business with that. I've got some young hotshot, might never will be, who can bang a couple of threes, and so I gotta develop him. Again, I got a million rants on the NBA and a million love points for the NBA as well, but it is doc. It is camp. Hey. Go ahead, man. One one other thing. Andre Drummond may not be done with his best game of the year because they host the Indiana Pacers tonight, and they don't play defense. So maybe Drummond has another monster game. I don't know. Are you are you rolling are you rowing Drummond in in, underdog? Are you rowing him in FanDuel? What are you doing today? I'm I'm not. I'm not. I'll I'll give you my underdog fantasy lineup right now since you brought it up. Let's get into this. I I'll I'll let you know here. Okay? I do a lot of scientific deep dives. I I I I I have fun with underdog fantasy. I don't I because, I mean, like, doc, you and I watch all the games. We we consume all of these box scores. Like, it's all in our brain. It's all in our computer. Right? Somewhere, somehow. And and it gets a little cloudy at times because I've been to a bunch of concerts, and so that, you know, so that happens. But, I kinda vibe out the underdog fantasy. And I say to myself, I look at the schedule and I go, who's popping tonight? Who is who is getting walk off interviews tonight at the end of games? Okay? Who are going to be those guys? And and so I'm not and, obviously, you look at, okay, you know, you know, with Houston. Right? They've got some injuries. Guys are out, guys could pop, and that kind of thing. But here's the thing. The odds makers are on to the statistical increase these guys are going to have. They don't leave the prop at at the guy's average. They will bump it up a little bit, to accommodate for, you know, the guy being out. Anyway, Ja Morant under. Doc, I'm going under on Ja Morant tonight. The Grizzlies are at the Denver Nuggets tonight, and I get it. Aaron Gordon is out. We wish him well. He has a face and hand lacerations from, apparently, a dog attack. So we went 21 stitches, it was reported. The Ja Morant they're 4 and o. Ja Morant's stats are unreal. He's got a walk up buzzer beater. He's got 5 points in OT to beat New Orleans. He has beaten Trae Young. He has beaten Halliburton. Okay? He is rolling right now, and he's due for class, a regression to the mean. This is at Denver at altitude against a phenomenal basketball team, and he's gonna have KCP on him a lot. Okay? And he's obviously a blanket. I'm going under Anja's PRA tonight, doc. I am. It's a 40.5. I just feel like, I mean, love him. I love the story. Can't wait to watch the game tonight. I just feel like tonight's gonna be that bring him back to Earth game. I've got Jamal Murray, popping over 23a half. Again, no Aaron Gordon. He is gonna be fired up. Okay? With Ja Morant in his house, no. No. No. No. No. Jamal, this is gonna be one of those like, I believe Jamal Murray believes that he can flip the switch, doc. He did it in the playoffs last year. He has these games where he's kind of in cruise control, right, in deferring, and he's got all these other great players. Tonight's not gonna be that night. He's gonna be throttled down tonight. I got DeMar DeRozan. You mentioned the defenseless Pacers, doc. I got him over 27, and I'm I'm salty at DraftKings and all of these odds makers for this line right here. Give me a break. 27 for DeRozan? I looked at his last 5 games. It's like 25, 24, 21, 21, 22. There are not numbers to support a 27 point prop bet. Okay? And then you have Indiana's defense. You have the fact that the bulls are rolling, and you have the fact that I'm just kinda feeling a 30 plus pop game from DeMar DeRozan. Call me crazy. I'm going for it. And then finally, doc, the the last leg of my 4 guy parlay here is Jokic, over 26a half. So I'm big on this Memphis Denver game. Denver you know, Jokic played like crap the other day when he got gifted a lot of those free throws in that Warrior game on Christmas. Right? He played like crap in that game. He would tell you I suck today. Okay? Somehow, they won. I think Jokic is gonna be dropping that ball in the hole tonight. He's got Biyombo and, and Xavier Tillman, and these scrubs are gonna be trying to guard him. And so that's my 4 pack on underdog fantasy, dude. I like it. I I'm I'm not betting anything against Ja Morant right now. I the the the beast has been unleashed, and he he is taking no prisoners. He is going all in at all times. He doesn't care if it's Denver. He doesn't care if it's Boston. He doesn't care if it's Atlanta. He does not care who it is. He's gonna go out there. His teammates are gonna stand there and watch him ball. And I I think it's a gutsy, bold move by you to go under. If this if that hits, you deserve some props, bro. Alright, doc. So, one last thing. I appreciate that. I mean, we'll we'll we'll see if I win. Right? But, lastly here before we go to the streets and talk with the people, we have an injury situation times 2 with Houston. Dylan Brooks has an oblique, and we know how obliques go. Right? They usually take quite a while to rehab from, and, we wish Dylan Brooks well with that. Jabari Smith junior, ganked an ankle last night, and we don't know how long he's going to miss. He's a young, wiry dude. Hopefully, not long. Already here. The OGs on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by underdog fantasy. Heeason replaced Smith, in the game last night, and, you know, obviously, he would would have played anyway, but, 25 minutes, 6 points, 3, rebounds, 2 assists. Obviously, just crud there. 5 steals and did hit a 3. That was an off night for Tari offensively. He's usually more involved taking more shots. It just kinda ebbs and flows that way. Amen got 17 minutes, in this non Brooks and half of Jabari games. That's not good news. He had a pukie line. And then, Cam Whitmore popped 412 points in 18 minutes. And so that's the setup here, doc. What what are you looking at, to exploit and capitalize and benefit from? Are you looking more Easton, more, you know, Jalen Green, who Udoka basically is gonna have to play now, or Cam Whitmore, who they just brought up, from the g league and he played well last night? I'm still waiting for Tory Eason to blow back up. He was he was on fire. He got hurt. He came back. He has not been the same guy since he's been back, but Dillon Brooks not being there is a big deal. And I I think that screams Tari Easton to me. And the kinda nice thing about him not really blowing up lately is he's probably available in a lot of leagues. And, you know, it's it's coming. You know, Wednesday night, it's 5 steals. He only had 6 points, but he had 5 steals. Only had 3 rim rebounds, 2 assists. Played 25 minutes. But, as long as he's getting 25 between 25 and 30, I I think the numbers are coming. He had 16 and 8 the game before that, so, he's on his way back. Alright, doc. So let's go to the streets here. Adithya Maluca, we appreciate you coming back with us, Adithya. Adithya, I should say. He said, hey. What's up, doc? He says, the OGs hope your holidays are great. You too, Adithio. We hope you, your holidays were great. He says pardon me. I wanna trade to get Luca. Well, good luck. And he says, double d, DeMar DeRozan, and TD count in my, 15 cap league. Who's TD? Why why am I blanking that? Tim that's Tim Duncan to me. Who's TD? What what what who are these kids talking about now in the TD form? He said, for Maya Harden and Cam Thomas, is that a fair offer? Aditi, I'm just having a hard time processing the players in this trade. I don't know who's going where and and for what. Yeah. I I looked at that one. Let let's do this one, Rick. That one, that's too much. Our our brains, dude, it's it's not even noon yet. We cannot we cannot function, until it gets dark. Hours of sleep, how many hours of sleep are you on? Oh, I have no idea. I have no idea. Is it is it less than 6? It's probably right around 5 or 6, I'd say. Somewhere there. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead. Let's go with this. Point blank mish. When are we expecting player shutdown, especially on teams in the bottom of the rankings, Rick? Like, well, you you've been doing this a long time. You know that shutdowns are coming for certain guys. What what time frame are you thinking? Is it all star break? Is it after the all star break? Is it March 25th? Like, what what's the date? What's the magic number? So you've got, you've got the trade deadline. You've got NBA all star. You've got the buyout market. That's when it hits. And when that hits is around March. And and some teams will wait a little longer. Some teams will get a head start on it. You know, what I've noticed, guys, is Detroit is not an empty the bench tank team. They're tanking because they suck. So I'm not worried about Cade and and, you know, whoever else is there. You know, they're gonna make trades and all this kind of stuff. But they play their guys. They are trying to win. Alright? That's not a concern for me. Utah is a blinking light concern for the shutdown. Okay? I promise you they will shut down their guys. They did it last year. They suck again this year. I know they're on a little 3 game heater here. You know, they're alive for the play in tournament, 2 and a half back right now, but come on. I I they suck, and and the shutdown is coming. I do the do the Spurs need to shut anybody down? No. They don't. They're 425 playing their guys. They don't need to shut down their guys. But it's Popovich, so maybe. I am worried about, the, I I'm worried about all of them. K? Because they're they Pop, by the way, I I love him, but he's done a horrible job coaching this team this year, in my opinion. A horrible job. I I I think he's just he's running a daycare right now, and and I don't like it. Okay? We're not isolating Wenby enough, you know, the Vassell off the bench thing. Like, what are we doing here, man? I I feel like he's just like, alright. Another l. Let's move on to the next. Portland, doc, big time shutdown candidates. Deandre Ayton and Jeremy Grant. K? Buckle up for the shutdown. I believe it's coming. They've shut their guys down the last 2 years. They super suck now, and I think it's happening again. So San Antonio, Portland, and Utah, you gotta look at guys on those teams as shutdown candidates, and then we go to the east. And, doc, I have good news. There is one team that is going to have dude shutdown. 1. K? Because I don't Charlotte sucks and and Clifford's gonna play his guys. I I don't see them shelving ball and, Bridges and all these guys. The Washington Wizards, they shut dudes down last year, and they're gonna shut dudes down this year. Okay? I don't think that Kuzma or Tyus Jones or Jordan Poole are gonna finish out this year. And so it happens around the beginning of March. It could be the 2nd week of March. It could be the 3rd week of March. It could be the last week of March, heading into, like, that final little week and a half, you know, that first little portion of April, but that's the shutdown zone. You're basically good through February, and then once we hit March in that calendar and we all start talking about tournament basketball, that's when they they shut dudes down. Alright. Henry Dowley wants to know Ja Morant or Donovan Mitchell, 8 cat. I know you're mad at Donovan right now. I'm salty. I'm a little sad too. Like, my my son is like, where is Donovan Mitchell, dude? I'm a go Ja. I I just I'm I'm out. I I'm just I'm out. I'm out. Keep going Ja and I'm out. I mean, the numbers are phenomenal, but and I know Don is big with the threes and the steals and in theory. I mean, I I just was pissed. Okay? Like, first of all, I tried to DVR the cavalier and maverick game last night, and for some reason, it just didn't DVR. I think it's because maybe my wife had a reality show here and I and it just it didn't take. And it said that it took. I went and checked it on the guide. It had the little circle that says recording. I'm like, okay. Cool. I can watch madds and cats. And it didn't record. Okay? And so this morning, I I I see, I'm looking through Twitter, and I see Donovan Mitchell video bombs Jared Allen and Caris Lavert after the win and throwing water on him. I'm like, play. You're ill? He's ill. But on the road with his team, laughing, jumping around the arena, and throwing water on the guys that actually played, what are we doing here? Uh-huh. What are we doing here? I've got a I've got a rant is the answer, doc. I've got a similar situation on my hands, Rick. My wife has decided that it's time to start watching The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, and so she's streaming Wait a minute. From the beginning? Yeah. From the beginning. She's streaming this crap 247. And I'm I sit laying in the bed, and I'm like, oh, do you think I can turn the no. She's streaming. If I change the channel, if I go to DIRECTV from her streaming or whatever, it messes everything up. You gotta get different remotes out. That's all backed up. So I'm like I'm like, dude, what season are you in? She's like, 1. I'm like, how many seasons are there? 12? What? I can't do this till March, April. Okay. It's it's glamorous women screaming at each other, and getting really, really drunk, and, let's see what else. Yeah. I see. Drama that's really not even there. Try look. Like, I could literally go on Andy Cohen's show. I watch so much Bravo, through the lens of my wife. Right? I would not put any of this on ever, but I like hanging out with my wife. She's awesome. She's my soulmate. And so that's why I'm putting these up a wall, and so that she can watch what she's got. I got my games. And so, yes, I process a lot. Way more Bravo than I want. A lot of a lot of Below Deck. Right? A lot of Below Deck. Let's see. It's Miami. It's, Beverly Hills. It's, what what and then I think there's one more that she watches. But anyway, I mean, we've been on this Bible show. Have you seen this Netflix series, The Bible? No. Oh, it's amazing. We we just finished it last night. Absolutely amazing. Guilford wants to know, is OG Anunoby, your guy, he had 0 steals, 0 blocks last night, I noticed. He had a he had a he had a pocket game of points though. He had a good game, but he did not have a steal or block. I know. I I want to go ahead, doc. I'm sorry. Is OG Anunoby a Bilo target? No. No. He's not. I I believe that that we have a a Nick Nurse, Darko Reyakovich, transition problem here, doc. I mean, what what is Nick Nurse? Defense, defense, defense, defense, defense, dot, dot, dot. Defense, defense, defense. Right? That's all he cares about. I'm I'm being embellished with that. I mean, obviously, he cares about both ends, but we know where he hangs his hat, defense. Okay? And OG's a great defensive player. You got a new coach in there. Okay? And the team is very, very mediocre, and they're wondering about who's gonna get traded. And so I don't think OG's fully invested. I don't think that OG is is wound tightly enough in the dark Orakovich system, which obviously is not holding him accountability to a better defensive effort. Otherwise, we'd be getting it. Like we talked about, I made a trade for OG, and I didn't give up. I gave up Clarkson THT in a third. Okay? Big deal. I'd rather have OG for the rest than Clarkson for the rest. OG's 26. Clarkson's 31. And THT obviously is what he is, the waiver wire guy. So I don't I still don't regret the trade, but I'm not getting the bang for the buck. No. He is not a buy low guy for me. Is Draymond Green what a what a crazy question. This is from qSox. Is, Draymond Green worth a pickup in a points league? No. I don't think he's worth having in a points league even on draft day, probably. You want the triple single in your lineup in a points league? I mean What's wrong with you, Rob? What a great what a great call, by the way. Triple single. It's the best. Charles Barkley, by the way. We got I mean, that that is possibly his best ever It's it's the best. One liner. You your triple single. The triple single. It's so good. No. It really is. Yeah. Here's the thing with Draymond, doc. I believe that when he comes off suspension now this is me running their team. We know that Steve Kerr has this affinity and this this enabling way with Draymond Green. And the enabling continues, by the way, with that Woj report that the the suspension's probably gonna end up being 11 to 13 games. What an absolute joke. This is a hookup. This is a vacation for Draymond Green. He's out here violently attacking dudes, and we're setting up to Bora Bora on freaking vacation. What are we doing here, man? I believe Kuminga's gonna stay in the starting 5 above him. Doc, the warriors are finally playing good ball. No Draymond. Is it a coincidence? I don't know. Doc, he's not he's not making plays on the defensive end. Oh, defense, defense, defense. All he does is dribble hand off to Klay and Steph coming off screens. That's all he does. That Pote right now is doing a better job of Draymond than Draymond on both ends. Yeah. You're right. Is Poets a better defensive player right now than Draymond Green? I think so. There's no question. So that's where I'm at. Dre Draymond Green is on waivers. He can freaking stay there, man. I'm done. I'm done with the Draymond thing, dude. I've been I've been a supporter, a nurturer, one of the first on planet Earth to beat the drum of Draymond Green's going to the hall of fame. When I started that, doc, people are like, Cam, he's got, like, 5,000 points. You're crazy. And I say, have you heard of Satch Sanders? Argument over. Shut it down. Boo. Satch Sanders, come on. If he's in the hall, Draymond's in the hall. And by the way, if Satch Sanders is in the hall, Robert Horry needs to be in the hall, doc. We got random takes all day long. We do. I I, you know what? I I think we're I think we're gonna wrap this up, Rick. We're in about 55 minutes. I think that's our power out. Have we taken care of the people, doc? That's the question. I feel like we have. We've answered questions. We've, talked about Fantasy Hoops. We've talked about Beverly Hills Housewives. We've talked about Below Deck. We've talked about Andy Cohen. Your new new golf game? Your new golf game? Yeah. I live in Andy Cohen's, living room just like you do. Yeah. And I usually have to get up and leave because I I I just can't. It's it's too much, really. But, alright. Like and subscribe. Hit those buttons because that will help keep us on the air. If you wanna try RotoWire premium for free, it's rotawire.com/try. I know that when I when I look at RotoWire on my phone, I'm not, like, logged in, so it doesn't know who I am, And it lets me read, like, the first two paragraphs of my column, and then it cuts me off. It's like, if you wanna read more, you gotta give me some money. But, you know, I also Bob Nastanovich and and Brian and the guys that I've had on, they've all subscribed to Rotowire, and they love it. I love it. It's there's so much information there. Like like, the the the schedule grid and the rankings and the dynasty rankings, and it's all there. The the same, the, I can't think of a word. The, algorithm that the ranking system use is is badass. So go check it out. Thanks for coming. I'll be back on Tuesday. Rick and I will be back here again on Thursday. Hopefully, by then, the holidays will be behind us, and we'll know what day it is because right now, honestly, could be a Sunday for all I know. I have no idea. Guys, thanks for joining us, man. Peace out from your boys, the OGs on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast.