Welcome to the award winning Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by underdog fantasy, vivid seats, and rival fantasy. It's Friday, November 17, 2023. Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken K train. Christ. All aboard. Let's jump right into the news. We had Jimmy Butler last night have an excellent game, against the nets. 36 points on 12 of 19 shooting with 3 blocks, 2 threes, 5 boards. The heat won 122 to 115. Miami, 7 game winning streak right now, all all back up to 84 after losing 4 straight. We still have Tyler Herro out for a little bit, but we've gotten some interesting contributions from other guys, like Duncan Robinson, back to fantasy relevancy, back to basketball relevancy in general. Yeah. I mean, I'd I'd Robinson, I will mention more in the waiver wire section, but 4 straight starts, red hot hit 6 of 10 threes last night. This is the Duncan Robinson they're paying for, so I'm sure Riley is happy. Yeah. Robinson, Hayward, I'm sorry. Hi, Smith. Heywood. Hi, Smith. Who we talked about a little bit last week. Hi. Hi, Smith with a kinda a lackluster performance last night. 2 for 5 from the floor, 6 points, 1 rebound, 0 assists, zeros everywhere else. He did play 23 minutes. And if you are familiar with Highsmith, Highsmith's game at all, he's gonna do this. He's gonna put up some goose eggs, but he's gonna have some good outings too. I think he had, like, a 5 steal outing 1 or 2 games prior. There's gonna be some inconsistencies, but I still think he's a streaming option in, like, 14 teamers. They got another stinker from Kyle Lowry yet still won this thing. I mean, Bam and Butler really put this team on their back, but, haven't seen the Kyle Lowry peak we were hoping for when her hero first got injured. No. He at least got 3 steals, which basically saved his entire fantasy line, by itself. Let's go to LA. The Clippers host the Rockets tonight. Clippers are trying to break their 6th game losing streak. Thanks for joining us, James Harden. How bad is the situation in LA? Are we overreacting? These guys are gonna figure it out, or do you think they'll be fighting for the ball all season, guys? I I think it's I mean, they don't look good, but I think they're I think they can at least, you know, get up to a 500 level. I don't think we're gonna look back at this Clippers season and be like, well, I can't believe they went, you know, 40. And it's just like I I think the problem right now is, honestly, having Russell Westbrook in the starting lineup, which is not fair to Westbrook who's played really well. But you have him in there. He doesn't space. Zubac doesn't space, and then it just creates a bunch of issues within the offense. Yeah. I am I personally am not worried about it. It always takes these teams a long time to gel, create the chemistry. Adding a piece like Harden, is very involved. You know, it's not not the same as adding, like, a 3 and d guy, a wing player into your rotation. This is the guy who's gonna need the ball in his hands. And even Harden mentioned I know there's a quote this week where where he referenced the fact that he didn't really have training camp or preseason this year. You know, somewhat self inflicted there, but he he mentioned he's still kind of getting back in, getting that rust off, getting into game shape. And he believes that they're gonna be dangerous once they kind of blow off all these cobwebs. I agree. Do I think they're a legit contender yet? No. But but I also think they'll be fine and win more games than they lose. Harden had a funny quote too where he said, you know, he's he's felt like for so many years, he's always had to create his shot. He's not used to getting open catch and threes or catch and shoots. But with this Clipper lineup, you know, they're doubling other guys. He said he has to relearn how to do easy catch and shoots, which he hasn't done since back to his OKC days. He used to relearn how to shoot the ball when he's wide open. That's crazy. It's like a hunting assist and highlight plays. I mean, wow. Alex, tell us about I'm gonna call it this concerning news in Charlotte. Yeah. There's a lot of adjectives you can use to describe this news, which I'm sure everybody will eventually get to. Miles Bridges returning from his suspension tonight. The man has not played in 583 days. Coach Steve Clifford said that Bridges will be playing a significant role right away. I don't know what that means. Nobody actually knows what that means. But, Shannon, there's only so many minutes to go around on the Charlotte team. We've seen PJ Washington have a nice start to his season. Brandon Miller has been a little up and down, but his minutes, you know, he's been he's been trending towards 30 minutes. You have Gordon Hayward playing exceptionally well to and Terry Rozier has been out. Eventually, Terry Rozier is gonna come back. Ambridge is just gonna be there. How I mean, how are you analyzing this? Yeah. It is pretty tough. You know, you you like you mentioned, you got LaMelo, scary Terry, Gordon Hayward, PJ Washington, Mark Williams. Those five have been locked in the starting lineup all season when healthy. And then Brandon Miller, of course, number 2 overall draft pick. You wanna get him some run. So where does Miles Bridges fit fit in? You know, I think I don't think the starters or Brandon Miller are gonna be the ones impacted too much here because you have a lot of they I mean, so someone's going to eventually, but you have a lot of backups who have been playing 20 minutes per game for this team. Maladon has 18.8 minutes per game in 10 appearance. JT Thor, who had picked up a spot start, recently when when Miller and Scary Terry were both out, he he he's averaging 20 minutes per game. And you got Nick Richards at center. I think you're gonna see a lot of items where when Mark Williams go to the bench, it'll be PJ Washington sliding to the 5 to get Bridges in there, at different combinations like that. And it's going to impact those backup players more where a Theo Maladon or a JT Thor, you know, average 10 minutes per game instead of 20 like they currently are. When I first heard that quote from Clifford, I was like, why? You know, Bridges is on a 1 year deal. You're gonna stunt Mark Williams' development. You're gonna stunt Brandon Miller's development. You're gonna hold back PJ Washington to give big minutes to Miles Bridges, who I would argue should not be on an NBA court right now for the off the court stuff he's done. Like, I I I just don't understand. That quote just when I first heard, I was like, just the logic made no sense to me unless he he's talking short term because Rozier's out or something, but I don't get it at all. I mean, I think they're trying to win games. Like, I think I think the organization believes, hey. We won or they win 40 games that your Bridges popped off. I think they think, hey. We can get back to that, and we have Brandon Miller now. Mark Williams is really good. We're gonna we're gonna be cooking. They're 37 right now. So, a lot of work to do obviously in the eastern conference. We also had some news. It's from a few days ago. The bulls and Zach LaVine have sort of been in mutual discussions about moving on from each other. And I think by extension, that also means you are probably looking to move on from DeMar DeRozan and Nikola Vucevic. DeRozan's on an expiring deal. Vucevic and LaVine have longer term deals, so they can be a little more difficult to move in that sense. Ken, if you're rostering LaVine, Vooch, DeRozan in Fantasy, are you trying to I I don't even know if sell high is the right word in this situation. The problem is, is anybody buying? But what what are your thoughts if you have those guys in your team? I don't think anyone's buying. I think if you trade for Zach LaVine, the team does that because they want him to gun and shoot, you know, on on their roster. So I don't I don't really see LaVine's I mean, if anything, you know, they've got this 3 headed monster in Chicago. They might fall into higher usage situations. Right? I mean, DeRozan has that habit of kinda pound you know, pounding the ball a little too much and setting up his mid range jumper. Might we might see a boom from Vucevic and LaVine in a new location. So I'm not sure I'm anxious to deal either of them. Derozan's having certainly a disappointing season. And what is he? 36 now? I mean or sorry. 34. I do worry he's hitting the wall. He's shooting, for him, a wildly low 43% after back to back over 50% seasons. His shooting is through 11 games, but really scares me. No one's gonna be giving you much value for DeRozan right now. On the other side, I'm kind of intrigued. Maybe we finally see Patrick Williams, brings deliver on some of the promise. You know, he was kind of a sleeper favorite for lots of folks, but the there's been no usage for him. Maybe they clear out some shots by moving these vets, and we find you know, that Bulls need to find out what they have. And Patrick Williams, I think he's gonna be restricted free agent this summer. You think there's anybody worth stashing Shannon, or is it kinda risky outside of, like, Kobe White? Yeah. That that's a tough question with the Bulls. If if you take a look at their depth chart, they don't have any of those young developing pieces that are what I would consider building blocks, for a potential rebuild. So you'd have to assume they're gonna acquire those pieces in whatever trades they make. You know, even even Piston's Twitter was was clamoring for Zach LaVine. And I'm like, I I am not for that. But in that scenario, you'd have to think the Bulls would get a killing Hayes or a an Ivy, a young guard to plug in there. Again, I don't think that's going to happen. I don't think it's what the Pistons wanna do, but their front office is gonna, probably be feeling some fire soon and desperate to make a move. But looking at the Bulls roster in-depth chart, there there's not a lot. I mean, Kobe White, they did just resign him. So he's they're committed to him for the next couple seasons after this year. He'll get a bump. I mean, Dosumu could get a bump. Even, you know, a guy like Jevon Carter, even though he's not a young building piece, he could get a temporary bump. You know, looking at the fraud court, yes, Patrick Williams. Patrick Williams had a decent game on Wednesday. DeMar DeRozan set it out, and Patrick Williams had 30 fantasy points. You know, didn't didn't light up the scoreboard. 9 points, 9 rebounds, 2 assists, 1 steal, 2 blocks. You know, spread it out enough to get to reach that 30 point mark for fantasy points, and that's back to back game. So he's a guy who I would look to scoop up, but there's not much else on that roster right now that I think I would be running to the waiver wire to grab. No. Drummond could be interesting if they move. This is just gonna get a big in return. Drummond's always been good at the steals and blocks. That could be he could be a fun streaming option if they move Vooch. We're approaching our fan feedback, but first, a word from underdog fantasy. Underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with a promo code RW NBA. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. That's code RW NBA. Alright, gentlemen. It's time for our fan feedback. Questions from the livestream here on the YouTubes and the Twitters. Got a question here. Thoughts on Marcus Fultz, on a 4 on a 14 team 9 category league. Fultz, of course, dealing with, I think some knee tendinitis. Yeah. Fultz is, I think on a 14 team, you're good to keep him. Yeah. I'm a 12 teamer. I would understand if you're feeling impatient or worried about knee tendinitis. Of course, tendinitis, I shouldn't say, of course. Tendinitis is a rest injury. You have to just stay off of it. So that kinda creates issues obviously when your job is to play professional basketball. He's missed 6 of the past 7. Again, 14 team is deep enough to where it's like, Fultz can get you 5, 6 assists a game when he's back, maybe a steal steal and a half. That's pretty that's worth keeping, especially if you can stash him on IR. But shallower leagues, I understand wanting to just stream the spot and stack, especially with how good Jalen Suggs has looked. His upside is limited, I would say. Yeah. I'm in I'm in agreeance I'm in agreeance with Al on Fultz. 14 teamers, I think you hold. Twelve teamers, there could be a streaming option that makes sense. But I would value Fultz at what he did in the 60 games he played last year, at 14 points, 5 5 and a half, 5 point 7 assists. I think he does get to that range, you know, assuming he he gets a full bill out here soon. Alright. And one more question. This one's from Brooks. Would you drop Skyler Mays for Keontay keynote George? Take this one, Sharon. Yes. Absolutely. Skyler Mays' value is very temporary. Scoot Henderson will return very soon. And when Henderson returns, it's his team. There is no question about that. The trailblazers need Scoot Henderson to be to develop into, like, an all star caliber player. So they're gonna give them every opportunity to do so. Skyler Mays is just benefiting from the fact that Brogdon's hurt, Scoots hurt. That's not gonna last. So I would I would pick up Keynote. I think, Keynote is locked in as the starter for Utah. I don't think they would have made that move unless they were prepared to keep him in the starting rotation for the remainder of the season or at least until he totally blows it. So as long as he continues performing, Keontay is my my favorite of those 2. Alright. And, one last one from free key. Is Lively a 10 team hold? Derek Lively, Dallas Mavericks Center, is he a hold in 10 team leagues? I think he is because I think sooner than later, the Mavericks are gonna realize he's just clearly their best option at center. You know, and they his mavericks have been trending upward for most of the season. Like, to begin the year, it was a little more up and down. Now it's pretty consistent minutes in the twenties, and he's looked great even in low twenties minutes. I I think he's definitely a hold because the chemistry is only gonna get stronger. Yeah. I I 10 teamer, I think I would I would hang on. Alright. Well, that does it for our fan feedback section. Now it's time for our waiver wire. Alex, tell us about the waiver wire segment. Yes. How we do the waiver wire segment, is we have 2 regular picks each and then one long shot regular picks being rostered in less than 50% of leagues, long shots being rostered, in less than 25% of leagues. Although I will be breaking the rules and having a more varied waiver wire section than usual, because we have plenty of names. We I we will warn you that the, for 2 game weeks, Dallas, Detroit, and OKC have 2 games next week. So if you're thinking about picking up someone from those teams, exercise caution. And if you've been streaming someone from those teams, you can probably drop them. My first waiver wire suggestion, it's twofold. Either Dario Saric or Jonathan Kuminga from the Golden State Warriors. You have Draymond Green suspended 5 games. Steph Curry's also out. I will assume for roughly the same amount of time. Dario Saric in the wolves game that that Draymond got ejected from, 214 and 4 with 2 steals in 32 minutes. Game last night versus OKC. Sarge had 12 points, 4 assists, 3 rebounds, like a block in 24 minutes. Kuminga looked better than Sarge. Kuminga had a great game against OKC. 21 points on 13 shots. Got to the free throw line a good amount. 6 rebounds, 2 assists, and a block. Golden State is 3 games next week. Shannon, if you had to pick between 1 of these 2 guys, where would you go or does it depend on your league? Yeah. It definitely depends on my team build, my league, my needs. If I if I'm going for the moon and I want the higher upside, then I'm gonna I'm gonna pick up Kuminga. If I want something safer, and more, you know, guaranteed long term value, surprisingly, it's Sarge. Dario, Sarge has been very solid, has a much bigger role off the bench for the warriors than I expected this season. I really expected most of those minutes to go to Kuminga. And based on his ADP, I think most folks in in the fantasy world did. But I I still love Kuminga's upside. I think, you know, he flashed it last night, like you said. And I'm I'm silly enough to honestly believe that at this stage of their careers, the warriors would be better off giving more of Draymond's minutes, if not even the starting role to Kuminga. But maybe I'm a crazy person. Sarge does qualify at center to your point about what your team needs Does help. On Yahoo. And, alright. I'm gonna jump into my first pick. Very familiar name on the waiver wire, and that's Duncan Robinson of the Miami Heat. He's rostered on 46% of Yahoo teams. I should say first though, if you like our videos, please hit like and subscribe below. Anyway, back to my first pick. Duncan Robinson of the heat. Miami may have found their Max Drews replacement, which is funny because Drews was supposed to be their Duncan Robinson replacement. Now Drews is with the Cleveland. Robinson has started the last 4 games. And over those starts, he's averaged over 20 points, 4 rebounds, 3.3 assists, and 3.8 triples. Three pointers are why you get Duncan Robinson, plus one stock a game. The heat have 4 games next week, and Robinson, qualifies as both a guard and forward on Yahoo. Gotta enjoy these, Tyler heroes out games while you can. Good week to stream Duncan Robinson. Yeah. Robinson, he's really he's looked a lot more confident this year. He's expanded his game a little bit. He's not just being a 3 point chucker. He remembered that he was 6 foot 8. So he'll pump and drive and go to the rack. I I again, you mentioned the assist too. He's he's been passing well. So this is as long as he was out, Robinson, you roster him, and then I think you hold even when he was back just to see what happens. He could take Highsmith's starting spot. Wouldn't be shocking. Shannon, where are you going on the waiver wire first? We're going to Washington below Koulibaly, the rookie top ten pick. What was he picked? 7th overall? Does that sound right? Something like that. Something in yeah. Number 7 overall in the draft out of the Pacers too, so it was kind of a weird swap thing. Yeah. Number number 7 overall, Wembley Wembley's former playmate, Kua Bali, has been very good for the for the Wizards over the past few games. In the last 3 games, 31.7 minutes off the bench. 13.3 points, 7.3 rebounds, 2.3 steals, and 2.33 pointers made. He is on a bit of a heater, 70% from downtown over that stretch, but a top 50 player over the last 7 games. He is only 32% rostered on Yahoo. Kula Bali, he he has diverse skill set, can give you defensive stats. I just think he's a solid streaming option. And how many games we got? We got 4 games for the Wizards next week. Mhmm. I love him. I love him as a pickup. When he you know, when that 19 year old feels comfortable, he's gonna be a steals and block machine, and they're gonna give him all the minutes he can take in Washington. And as Alex pointed out to me yesterday when we were discussing our segment, Koulibaly is beefed up. He's getting yolked. He looks a lot different than he did in France last year. He's enjoying the American food. So Oh, yeah. They they could do one thing right in Washington, and apparently, it's power lifting. Playing basketball, not so much. Okay. Who's your second pick, Alex? Yeah. My second pick, is gonna be Dyson Daniels of the New Orleans Pelicans. 17% rostered. Pelicans have 4 games next week. And since Daniels has joined the starting lineup, he's averaging 11, 6, and 3 with 2 steals. You know, like, for McCollum and Trey Murphy who are both still out, them returning next week to me would be like a best case scenario. I I don't think it'll happen. And the thing is even if it does teasing Murphy for a while. I've got it stashed in a bunch of leagues. I'm like, come on. Even if there's a 10% chance that those guys return, they're not gonna play their full minutes this week, and there's 4 games, so you're kinda insulated from that by rostering, Daniels, who is going to be good in both points and category leagues because he can he can stuff the stat sheet. Yeah. I like that pickup. Daniels started over Hawkins. They like Daniels more as a point guard. Hawkins more of a 2. And and like you said, I mean, I honestly, I don't I think Murphy's at least a couple weeks out. He just recently joined the team for shoot around, but he's gonna need to get some 5 on 5 action, you know, knock off the rust before he's playing games again. Ken, who is your have no timeline. This is a little frustrating. Ken, who's your second pickup? I'm this is a stash, and we talked about this in the news. But the number 2 overall pick in this summer's draft, Brandon Miller of the Hornets, has fallen below 50% roster levels on Yahoo. Now that's because, 1, he's been dealing with ankle injury, and 2, there's this Miles Bridges news. But I love Miller as a stash until the 20 year old figures things out. Look. Gordon Hayward is gonna get hurt sooner or later. Hayward's playing out of his mind, which is great. I'm happy for him, but he cannot stay healthy. This Bridges situation is horribly frustrating, and I think they'll quickly learn there's no future there, him on that 1 year deal. Look. Charlotte badly needs Brandon Miller to develop, and they really should be forcing him his minutes. Anyway, I'm just recommending him as a stash if someone's grown impatient with the rookie. Not a bad stash. Yeah. I mean, Nick and I already, on our previous podcast, highly advised everybody to sell high on Gordon Hayward. And then immediately, he scored, like, 8 points then, pulled his hamstring. So, we'll we'll see how that turns out when Bridges comes back. But, yeah, Miller's at Miller's a fine stash. Shannon, who is your second waiver wire pickup? I was torn suggesting this player, and I don't feel terribly confident about it. But I feel like the past week, it needs to be mentioned. Cam Reddish for the Los Angeles Lakers. He is currently in their starting lineup, and he started 4 straight games. Over that stretch, 30.8 minutes, 15.3 points, 2.8 steals, and, 2.83 pointers as well. Shooting a ridiculous 53 point 7% from the floor and 52.4% from the 3 point line. Kim Reddish, you know, has been a top 40 player over the past 7 days, mostly because of those steals and 3 pointers. The Lakers are are they have a 3 game week, next week. I don't expect this camera ish thing to be long term. But for as long as he's in that starting lineup, playing 30 minutes, and producing, he's a streaming option. So if you're if you have a roster that that needs a streaming option, especially if you need steals and threes, Cam Reddish is an option to consider. Yeah. To me, Reddish is almost exclusively a steel streamer. At least that's the only thing you should have confidence in when you pick up Reddish because the man has a career 40% shooter from the field, 32% from 3, but 1.6 steals and half a block per 36. So if the minutes continue to be there, that's that's essentially what you're looking for. My long shot this week, Ken, you're muted. You're still muted. Alright. Sorry. Coughing fit. Go ahead, Alex. Go ahead. My long shot this week, long shots, actually. Jacob Gilliard of the Memphis Grizzlies and Brandon Podjemski of the Golden State Warriors. Gillyard's still only 3% roster or about that much, Podgemski's up to 20%. Gillyard for Memphis has started the past 3 games and has even more upside now that Marcus Smart projects to miss time. He's averaged 104 and 4 with 2 steals and only 1 turnover in 26.3 minutes. Only saw 21 minutes in the latest game because they got blown out by the lakers, has ranked 83rd in per minute value. And for his career per 36, 8.2 points, 6.8 assists, 3.8 rebounds, 2.0 steals. He's a guy I actually went to pick up in multiple leagues last week, but I had bids in fab like Skyler Mays or somebody else that ended up basically canceling out the one for Gilliard. And as far as Brandon Pogemski goes, we all know Curry's out. We'll see how long we're supposed to get an update probably this weekend about Curry. So if you have Sunday waivers, keep an eye out for that. If Curry's gonna miss another week, Firein Podgemski, who's looked very good. Chris Paul has sung Podgemski's praises. I heard of calling them AirPods. That's a lot easier to say than Podgemski a million times. Past 2 games for Podgemski, 18, 7, and 4 and 32 minutes per game. Ken, who is your long shot? My long shot is someone we've we've repeated, earlier on the show, but Goga Patitza of Orlando. He's only 17% rostered despite being the Magic starting center. The Magic have 4 games next week, and, Patitza is now getting more minutes than Moe Wagner. Hey. Per game rank in 9 category leagues over the last 2 weeks, Batista is a number 49. He ranks 49th in per game value. He's shooting 60% from the field, 80% from the line, better rotisserie player than Fantasy Points League player. But, Batista out there in 8 out of 10 leagues. Go get him. Yeah. For as long as Wendell Karga Junior's out, him and Wagner are pretty much gonna split time. Both of them have 12 team relevancy, especially on 4 game weeks. You gotta pick them up on 4 game weeks. Four game week. Shannon, you have a long shot for us. Yes. Going to Miami, Triple Soft j or the real Triple j, Jaime Jaquez junior, for the Miami Heat. Over the past 4 games, Even even though he's only started one of these 4 games, he is averaging 34 minutes per 14.5 points, 14.5 rebounds, 3.3 assists, 1 steal, and 1 and a half three pointers. Every time he steps on the court, he just brings a good energy for the Heat. I love his skill set. He can do it all. I think he's a solid streaming option. We've got the Heat, have 4 games next week. His role, I think, will be in flux. He is, you know, he is a rookie, but it's super encouraging. He was he was in the rotation already before Hero got hurt as well. You know, I I do see a path if Lowry continues to show his age where Triple Soft, Jay, Hero are both in the starting lineup alongside Butler. It might not happen in in the very near future, hockey junior is worth a look if you're, you're cool with up and down play and second half of the season upside. Yeah. I I love this pickup. Hockey is is like the perfect Miami Heat player. Does a little bit of everything. You mentioned it cut Lowry. Lowry could also get hurt, and then that opens up forward minutes. I think Hawkeyes is better than both Highsmith and Kevin Love. So and there's gonna be a lot of situations where they probably prefer him over Robinson when everyone's healthy. So I think you can look. Pick him up, you know, start him on this 4 game week, but don't don't like panic drop him immediately because he he might have rest of season value, especially in deeper leagues, but maybe twelves as well. Okay. We also have, a drops section, in this podcast now. Do we have we we sort of answered the question about Markelle Fultz earlier about Nitan. And I guess, I think if you're in a 12 teamer, maybe you can let them go anything deeper, probably hang on. We also continue and I got I get this question with Nick all the time. What do we do with Jabari Smith Junior? I Shannon and I were on the in disagreement on this. I think last time we did this podcast, I am still on my stance that I believe he is very he is droppable. What do you think, Shannon? Are you still do you still think he's a hold? I've changed a little bit. Yeah, I think last week I said I would even hold him in like 10 teamers. That's not the case anymore. 10 teamers, he is certainly, droppable for 12 team leagues, depending on the depth. I still think he's a hold in most 12 team leagues. It just kind of depends on your roster building, what you're fighting for. If you have a roster where you would be better off streaming the flavor of the week, then do that. If that's gonna lead to more contributions for your team. But if it if it's just a guy who's gonna be on your bench for most weeks or most nights if it's a daily leagues, then I would keep Smith because I believe he still has far more upside than most players that are available on waivers. Now the Pistons only have 2 games this week. If you're in a 12 team league, it's time to give up on Jaden Ivy. You should have given up on Jaden Ivy, like, after the 3rd game maybe? I mean I mean I pick though. I mean, you probably spent some draft capital on them. People probably don't want to. We we are in a shallow shallow 12 team points based league together. I think all 3 of us are in it. And I dropped them right away in that week, probably the 1st fab period that ran. It just it just depends on on league size, league depth. But I do think we're gonna see a change to the Pistons rotation. There's been a lot of buzz about it recently. Ivy, there's a good chance, Monty Williams might do something that surprises Pistons fans, but I expect Ivy to be be a bigger part of the rotation moving forward. That said, like, 10 team, 12 team leagues, like it like Alex's suggestion, he probably should have been tossed away already. Just that first sign of, like, oh, okay. It looks like Ivy's going to be playing 25 plus minutes per game now, every game, that's when you wanna scoop them up. Alright. Well, that's it for our waiver wire section. Alex, tell us about our good friends at Vivid Seats. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crushing on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk dribble and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because vivid seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, You can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure that your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code rotor wire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code r0towire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visitvividseats.com.vividseats.experienceitlive. That's code, r0towire. Okay, gentlemen. It's time for you 2 to provide your Friday DFS picks. It's an 11 game slate tonight. The highest over under is the Kings at the Spurs at 2, 237 and a half points. My goodness. Alexa Shannon, take it away. Well, you know, I'll ask you straight up about this game first, Shannon. We have Devon Vassell out for the Spurs in this game. Keldon Johnson expected to play. Trey Jones probably not playing, so we have some usage open up on the Spurs in a high paced matchup. Is there anywhere you're looking on here? And, specifically, what about Victor Wembanyama? You're muted. Sorry. I was just trying to pull we call that pulling a can. Wembley is certainly worth a look in DFS lineups tonight. I have them on my FanDuel lineup. 8600 on FanDuel. That's cheaper than Julius Randle. You know, the the issue with Wembley when it comes to DFS is just the the inconsistency. Right? So he's got multiple 50 point outings 3. He's topped 50 I'm sorry, 4. Top 50 points, Fantasy points 4 times already this season. But he has a couple sub 30 games as well. Obviously, you know, a game like this be a ton of points available. He's a bit more appealing. I also think it's, you know, the Spurs are at home. Kings are a solid team, but they're now a world beater. So it should be somewhat competitive. You know, Kings are currently favored by, what's that, 8 and a half points? Yep. That's a lot. But it should be at least close enough where it's not gonna be a full blown blowout. So I like Wembie quite a bit. Soehan is another option. And and I apologize. I don't know how to say this guy's name. I always call him Champagne. What what what's this Julian Champagne guy's name, Alex? Champagne. Champagne? Champagne. Yeah. Champagne. Alright. Close enough. You know, I only forgot 1 or 2 syllables. He yeah. Well, Kelton Johnson returning Champagne, he he started for Kelton Johnson in the last game, had a big fantasy outing. To be determined, you know, Kelton Johnson's back, but Vassil's out. So do they go with Branham at the starting 2? Do they maybe go with a bigger lineup and have my boy champagne bottle in there again? I don't know if champagne starts. I like him. But I I'm not gonna I'm not gonna go, for for Branham even if he's, you know, super cheap on DraftKings or FanDuel. Yeah. Yeah. And then also in that game, Sacramento is actually the team expected to score the most points on the entire slate, a 123. One interesting game, I think we have Washington versus, New York, the Knicks in the first sort of slot, the 7 PM EST slot. This is the fastest paced team in the NBA, the Wizards versus the slowest paced team in the NBA, the Knicks. So if you're looking for the classic pace up spot, you have Knicks players available to you. Although Grimes and Barrett are both questionable. There are a lot of injuries on this late Shannon. Like I'm looking at Barrett's questionable. Ian is questionable Brandon Miller. Gordon Hayward are questionable Garland and Mitchell are both questionable Brown and porzingis are both questionable. I'm going to kick it to you can very quickly. If if Brown and porzingis are both out again as they were against the 70 sixers, what did you see from that game aside from the obvious, like, Derek White looked awesome, that kind of a thing? Well, yeah, Derek White did look awesome and, you know, can shine when they need him to. Tatum was happy to dish. He only had he only had 29 points, a hair below his average. You know, my buddies, we I had my usual neighbor and the bottle of bourbon out watching that upset over the sixers. And we had said, boy, you really thought they would have lost if you said no Brown, no Porzingis, and Tatum only has 29. But D White was fantastic. Drew Holiday was close to a triple double. Man, I I did not appreciate how strong Holiday is on the block, both on offense and defense. But, yeah, Whitehall I actually be more tempted to go the wider Holiday route than Tatum. I think the obvious defensive ploy is to double Tatum when Brown's not on the floor. I expect to see that from Toronto. I think a Holiday and White are the the bargains there. Well, that was how oh, I was gonna ask you I was gonna ask you about the Pistons, but if you wanna talk about the Celtics first, I'll let you. Well, I I do. Just because with Holiday, I I love Holiday, for tonight's slate. He's 67100 on FanDuel. And, you know, he's coming off 40 plus, Fantasy Point Outing. He's got a handful of 40 plus Fantasy Point Outings. He hasn't he hasn't been asked to do a lot. But, you know, if if the Celtics are shorthanded again, even in the the game on Wednesday, you know, he he hit, like you said, 10 rebounds, great. But he only had 3 assists and only 18 points. Like, there's gonna be a game where he puts it all together. He hasn't topped 20 points yet in a game for the Celtics. We all know he can score over 20 points rather easily. So I I am going with Holiday in my DFS lineups. One of these nights, he's gonna put it all together and have a total complete game. But what about what I got another question, Celtics question. Sam Houser, I was really bummed Oh, yeah. By his you know, he had a spot start, and he's been playing really well off the bench for him. But he was a dud for DFS purposes, in that spot start. Actually, 16.4 Fantasy points, despite playing a season high of 35 minutes. Yeah. It was shocking, because he had been on a heater from 3. I think it was over 50%, like, last 3 or 4 games heading into that game that got to start with Brown out. I mean, it's just all about whether he's hitting his threes or not. He wasn't, Wednesday. You know, I I not great perimeter defenders on the Raptors, so Hauser certainly could go off, as well. But it's just totally dependent on whether he's hitting those 3 point shots or not. How dare you besmirch Scotty Barnes like that? Alright. We so we know so there's there's a Pistons versus cavaliers, central division heavyweight throwdown going down this evening. We know Jalen Duran is out. Marvin Bagley is also questionable. Is there anything you expect? Let's say Bagley's out. Is this a Wiseman play, and are you looking at the Mobley Allen side of this as well because the Pistons are so beat up in the frontcourt? The only concern I have about the Mobley Allen side of it, is the blowout potential here. You know, it very this game could get out of hand early And be over early. You know, Jared Allen, I love him as a player, but he hasn't topped 30 minutes yet in the game this season. He's he's a decent price on FanDuel and DraftKings. But I I don't I would be surprised if tonight's the night where they need him to play 30 minutes for the first time this year. And then Mobley, I I again, it's just more about is he gonna get the full workload, because this game gets out of hand. On the Piston side though, I mean, Wiseman, assuming Begley sits out, there's no more of an obvious play on this DFS slate than James Wiseman. Not a big fan of what he can do on a basketball court or or you know, how how much he can help a team win actual NBA games. But he's producing on a per minute clip when he's getting time over the past couple games. He's averaging well over a fancy point per minute in 14 minutes per, in each of the 2 contests with with, Duran out. So if Begley sits too, you know, Wiseman should be a lock for 28 to 32 minutes, if not more. And he's basically a minimum price player, on both DFS platforms for tonight. Alex, what's your gut telling you about Giannis playing tonight or not playing? I think this would be a very nice opportunity for Giannis to take another breather against the Charlotte Hornets, against the team that both Brandon Miller and Gorgon Hayward may not play. I don't know if they'll issue dealing with a calf issue. Yeah. Dealing with the calf issue and they looked so good against Toronto. That part of me thinks like they're like, okay, maybe we can give them another break here. We'll see if we can keep it rolling with Lillard who was hot. So, you know, gut feeling, I won't be shocked if he doesn't place. It's on the road to no pressure to play him at home or anything. That's that's my thought. And for DFS purposes, I mean, if Giannis does sit, I think Lillard is a smash, especially on FanDuel. I believe he's a little bit more affordable on FanDuel. You know, I would bump up his fantasy projection by, like, 10 points, 10 fantasy points with with Giannis out. Like, it it's substantial, if Giannis sits. And then even for for the streaming spot start option, who I they didn't start Portis. Who was the guy they started in place of Giannis? Pretty sure it was Andre Jackson. Andre Jackson. Yes. So that guy, he exists. He's in the NBA. Should we consider him for DFS? If he gets another spot start Alex? Probably not. He, you know, he played 16 minutes did not score a point, took one shot. He's really out there. Like a lot of the these bucks bench guys are like Beau champ. For example, the Bucks are very old. They're very slow. They can get kind of lazy and transition and on defense. Jackson is out there to just be just running out. It just run it around playing defense running in transition. So that's what he did against the Pistons. He he came in for a handful of minutes and was just, like, pressuring the ball. I was surprised to see him get the spot start for Giannis because he is basically like a 66 guard, and he was guarding he he was, you know, playing defense against the guards, the Pistons game I went to. So alright. Is there, do you have any other you gotta say closing thoughts, Shannon, on on tonight's slate if you have them? Sure. Do yeah. This DFS slate, I like I said, Wiseman's my my favorite play assuming Begley sits. One other guy who I can't get away from on FanDuel, John Collins, about $1,000 more expensive on DraftKings, but Walker Kessler's already been ruled out for tonight. And over the past two games, you know, John Collins is performance been kind of up and down a little bit for for the Utah Jazz. His minutes he before Kessler's injury rarely top 30 minutes, but he's played 38 and 32 minutes past 2 games. So if he's getting 30 5 ish minutes tonight, I love I love him at 53100. Yeah. And on the season, he's almost a fantasy point per minute. So that's kinda what you're looking for. Alright, Alex. Tell us about our good friends at Rival Fantasy. I would love to. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale, Wiseman versus Evan Mobley. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans a story lines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player match up and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game, play the rival fantasy in house challenges, or create your own. You get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rotawire now and get $200 deposit match. Get in on this now. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. See you in the arena. That's joinrival.com/rotowire to get a $200 deposit match. I'm very bummed you missed the opportunity to drop an Isaiah Mobley reference because it's truly going to be Wiseman versus Isaiah Mobley. We all know that's the big matchup for tonight. Isaiah Mobley might not be bad. I'm a little I'm, like, mildly intrigued by Isaiah Mobley. Ken, I assume your old man rant will not be about Isaiah Mobley. Andrew Wiggins, you stink. He destroyed my 2nd place rotor wire keeper league team last year with his 25 game end of season family matter absence. And it's and he's destroying it again this year with terrible play. For 9 category leagues, Wiggins ranks 400 and 5th in per game value. 400 and 5th. He's getting paid 26,000,000 per year. Last night, the warriors had Steph and Draymond out. The warriors needed Wiggins to shine. What did he do? He posted a pedestrian 12 points, 6 boards, 2, 2 assists, no stocks, and 0 from 4 from behind the arc. They lost by 19 to OKC. Wiggins, you're 20 years old 28 years old. That's too young to be washed up. Arr. And you're too old to run back and have Wiggins on your roster for a second year in a row. No. You know better. He was really cheap. Had about 2 I had his really low salary at our keeper. Like, I couldn't resist. I was like, it's a personal matter. He's healthy. And then he's been terrible. He's been absolutely garbage. He has been bad, as has been Clay. Okay. We had a I think we are actually a pretty dense mispronounced name section in this podcast. Changan went with Julian Champagne, which is in my head what I always call him. Yeah. And, Ken, unfortunately, we had you say, but betitzy, I think, instead of betitzy. Oh, betitzy. Yeah. I knew that was I should just say Goga. Yeah. Goga. Goga. Goga. But you are also dealing with an illness. I am sick. Thank you. Playing through an illness. Okay, everybody. We thank you. Andrew Wiggins of Rotowire. Thank you for joining us on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast. It is presented by underdog and vivid and rival. Ken, take us out of here. Let's go to Golden State where coach Steve Kerr said Draymond Green deserved his recent 5 game suspension. Kerr said, quote, I don't have a problem with Green trying to get Rudy off of Klay, but he's got to let go. He hung on for 6, 7 seconds. It was a terrible visual for the league, for Draymond, and for everybody, end quote. Attention, passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line. Struggling. The sickness.