Welcome to the award winning fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by underdog. It's Friday, October 20, 2023. Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken K train. All aboard. That was that was an especially blaring whistle today, Ken. You Today's podcast Nineties Bulls energy, baby. Today's podcast is about preseason risers and fallers. Today, Friday, is the last slate of preseason games. So we're gonna tell you which players are up, which players are down, at this point in the draft because if you go through your ADP list when you're in the draft, some guys are gonna be at ADP like 180 who have been rising, and you wanna make sure they're in your queue so you can draft them. But first, underdog fantasy. I guess the number one platform for best ball leagues, including fantasy basketball. Underdogs feature best ball tournament for the upcoming NBA season has $500,000 in total prizes. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code RW NBA. That's promo code RW NBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today, and use promo code RW NBA to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. That's code rwnba for your free RotoWire subscription. Okay. Up first for me, my first riser this preseason is Jonathan Kamenga of the Golden State Warriors whose ADP right now is 138 on Yahoo. Is it finally time? Draymond Green has not played this preseason, but the other starters have appeared in at least 3 of the 4 preseason games that the warriors have played. Kuminga has a 31% usage rate in these games, scoring 30.2 points on 18.2 shots, 7 boards, 3 assists, and 1.9 stocks for 36 minutes. And this is in 4 games. That's a pretty big sample. I don't think you average 31 usage in preseason by accident. Let's put it that way. The warriors' bench is really thin. The team is really old. I would not be surprised if Curry, Chris Paul, Klay, Draymond, they all miss 15 games, something like that. So I think there's gonna be a lot of opportunities for Kamenga to step in and, have big games. The thin bench, the old starters, that's the formula I like. You're right. And, he's had a heck of a preseason. Yeah. My only my only concern about Kamiga is the presence of Chris Paul. Actually, I I do think Kamiga is gonna get more minutes this year. He's a a great value on DraftKings best ball, especially going a little bit too high for my taste on underdog. But, yes, I like Kamiga for for a breakout this year, at least, an improvement of what we've seen in the past couple of seasons. Who is your 1st preseason, riser, Ken? My riser, guy who's up is Jeremy Sohan of the San Antonio Spurs. ADP is at 134. It's as high as 145 on Yahoo. Wednesday night, coke coach Popovich announced that Trey Jones, last year's starting point guard, would be coming off the bench in 2nd year, 6 foot 8 forward, Jeremy Sohan will be the starting point guard. Hello. The 2nd year player from Baylor has a draft pedigree. Hey. Remember, he was the number 9 pick in the summer of 2022. And as Alex wrote on Rodowire Wednesday night, in the 17 games last season where Soehan saw 30 plus minutes, he averaged 16 and a half points over 7 rebounds, over 3 assists, and 1.5 steals and blocks per game. And in those games, he was a forward, not point guard directing the offense. So you'd almost expect the assist to go up. He does have some free throw shooting issues. He shot thin hair under 70% from the charity stripe last year. We'll see who's running things in the Q4, but this seems like, a very positive development for Sohan. Shannon, how far up do you bump Sohan in your rankings? I I bump him up quite a bit. His ADP is around 1 30 right now. That's average across all sites. On best ball, I you know, for 130, if if I'm drafting especially heads to head head to head or a points league, I'm bumping him up about 20 spots, and that would actually put him around the range of where he's going on underdog. He's at 111 on underdog. He is going higher now since that that news of of, you know, being named the starting point guard. It's it's an interesting case. I picked him at 97 in a baseball draft last night. I do think he's within play in that range. I like him quite a bit more for best ball where percentages do not impact a player's value than I do in rotisserie. Rotisserie, I I would still be hard pressed to take them, you know, higher than 120 ish. Well, you're efficient for upside more in, best ball versus there's no point in being conservative in best ball. Right. And and I will say, like, the the starting point guard assignment doesn't mean that he's going to be out there averaging 5, 6, 7 assists per game. I think this team's gonna share the ball. There's gonna be a handful of guys that average 4 assists per game, you know, including one guy that I'll discuss later. Alright. Well, Alex, tell us about our friends at Vivid Seats. The NBA season is here. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, You can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code rotor wire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code r0towire for your $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vividseats. Experience it live. That's code r0towire for savings. Who's been impressing you in preseason, Shannon? We're gonna go to Chicago and discuss Kobe White. He is one of my risers for today. Kobe White has been locked into the starting lineup for the Bulls. He's their starting point guard. It looks like that's going to stick. It's it's been that way all preseason. Even last night when some of the regulars sat for the Bulls, they kept Kobe White in there at the point guard spot, and they put in other players to Sumu, to Sumu, and others to to start and keep their core bench unit of Caruso, Tory Craig, and a few others together. Kobe White is an interesting late round pick. Current ADP of 152. You can get them around 141 on Yahoo, 165 on underdog. Kobe White's per 36 numbers from last or per, yeah, per 36 numbers from last season, 15 points, 4.4 rebounds, 4.2 assists, 1.1 steals, 2.73 pointers. Better percentages than he had earlier in his career as well. He's at up to 44.3% from the floor, 87.1 from the line. I like Kobe White's start living up to some of his pedigree. You know, he was a 1st round pick number 7 overall in 2019. He's not gonna be revived the he's not gonna be a giant playmaker at at at point guard. You know, Zach LaVine and DeMar DeRozan are gonna probably be the 2 assist leaders on this team still. But Kobe White can get you 3a half for 3a half to 4a half assists per game. He's gonna hit 3 pointers, probably score 12 to 14 points per game as long as he's locked into about a 30 minute roll. I really like Kobe White quite a bit as a late round guard. It makes a lot of sense. Right? Because last year, the Bulls wallowed in mediocrity with ball being out all season. They had an ugly mess of point guards starting. Why not try a young Kobe White who's got scoring upside? Because it just didn't work with the other combination last year. Yep. And they are, beyond LaVine and DeRozan, they're pretty thin for scores in the backcourt. So if either of those guys get hurt, I think Kobe White gets a ball more. I have some bad news, guys. I might be out on John Collins. Our our our pre preseason one of our sleepers, John Collins, who's being drafted 102 on Yahoo ADP, just invisible during preseason. Just like he's not even out there watching the Jazz highlights, watching the games. I'm like, is he out there? I don't know. So per 36 part of his hawks game and brought it to Utah. Yeah. Exactly. It's like, is this is it gonna be the same exact issue again? And, like, yes. Maybe. This is his per 36 in preseason. This is 4 game sample. 14.7 points, a 9.6 shots, pretty low. 6.9 rebounds, 0.9 assists, and half a stock. That's the worst. That's pretty bad. Yeah. You know, like, I think he's still draftable after pick 100. I don't wanna say he's, like, undraftable. He's like a bust sleeper, if that's even a thing. But I'm just, like, I'm really discouraged. Like, it especially because their front court is kinda they got guys. It's not like they Kelly Olin trying to win 2 big minutes. I drafted Kelly Olinik with my second to last pick in NFBKC. I was like, well, you know, why not? For some position reasons as well, but I'm just I'm worried. A young Taylor Hendrix might become a problem too. It's it's concerning. And, you know, Atlanta gave him every chance. They wanted him to be their number 2 star, and it just never panned up. Well, you got someone on your end, Ken, who you also are kinda down on. Yeah. Love the player. Hate the fantasy side. Al Horford of my Boston Celtics. It's hard to say a guy with this low at ADP is down, but he is down. ADP at 144, but he's doing as well as 125 on Yahoo. Look. Despite Boston's past success with big lineups, the 37 year old Horford will not be a starter at the beginning of the season. Instead, it looks like Boston's gonna go with, Holiday and White in the backcourt and Tatum, Brown, and Porzingis as the starting frontcourt. This is good news for Derrick White managers as there was some debate that White would be the one going to the bench. It's also good news for Celtics fans who are worried about Jaylen Brown's ball handling skills, rather have 2 true guards out there. But, anyway, back to big Al, he's much more valuable in real hoops than fantasy. For late pick centers, especially on Yahoo, I'd prefer Steven Adams, James Wiseman, Zubacian in LA, or even Isaiah Jackson in Indianapolis for his blocks. Just, you know, he's 37. He's always gonna get the the second of back to backs off. I think Boston's very happy to rest Al, big Al, until the playoffs. I I endorse everything Kent said except for James James Wiseman. Yeah. I, I agree. There's a way if you're in a 12 team league and you're picking Horford at, like, 125, you gotta shoot for someone with upside. Like Yeah. Orford has 0 upside. 0 upside. So okay, Shannan. Who's up next for you? Alright. I hinted at, mentioning a San Antonio Spur, and I've got one whose stock is rising. Zach Collins, 25 year old center. We've discussed him a little bit this season, but he's going to be starting at center alongside Wendy who will be at the 4 for the Spurs. Collins had a pretty good season last year and 23 minutes per average at 11.6 points, 6.4 rebounds, 2.9 assists, 0.8 blocks, with 52% from the floor, 76% from the line. He also attempted 2.33 pointers. So it is possible that's a growing area of his game where we see him actually eclipse 1 3 pointer made, per contest. I really like what I've seen from Zach Collins this preseason. In 22 minutes, he's averaging basically 15 and 5, with with I'm sorry. 15 points, 7.3 rebounds, 5 assists as well, and 1.33 pointers made. And, again, that's only in 22 minutes per him starting alongside Wembley, I think, will work well. And Zach Collins is a pretty good playmaker for for for a center where I could see him averaging 3 and a half assists per game from the from the pivot. And I think he gets more minutes because with Wembley now, they don't need Wembley's gonna take care of protecting the rim, obviously, at 8 foot 9 or whatever he is. Like, Collins can now kinda be the power forward on defense, center on offense. And I think Popovich might finally stick to a more standard rotation now that he's got some talent on this roster versus the crazy tanking, resting everybody all the time mess that was the last few seasons? And going back to Horford, Collins being selected right in that same range in most drafts, so I'd much rather have Collins. Much rather have Collins and Horford. Yeah. I should have put him in there. Sorry. Is it, Collins right now, ADP 132. My final preseason notable is an up. It's PJ Washington. Although this is partially because other guys are down. The Miles Bridges situation, I just don't know. I I don't know what to tell you. I have no insight. I have no I see. Take. It's just who knows? And also, Brandon Miller, you know, I'm not sold. Summer league and preseason combined, 12 points on 382482 shooting, 6 boards, 3 re or 3 assists with 2.7 turnovers, 1.7 stocks. It's just I don't know. I don't know if he's ready. But, PJ Washington before Ken's Clippers, dismantled the Hornets yesterday in in preseason, was averaging a higher averages, but Washington had a more, a more muted game yesterday. He's averaging 19 points on 17 shots, 8 rebounds, 2 assists, and 2 and a half stocks on, in 4 preseason games per 36. So, look, we've seen him return top 100 value before. He's in a pretty good situation despite the contract dispute. I don't know if it dispute, but they were they were really taking their sweet time signing him. I just think he's in a good situation this year, and, he's proven it before. I know Plumlee. You know, Plumlee was there for, what, 2 thirds of the season last year before he went to the Clippers. So, freed up some minutes possibly at the center position for Washington as well. See how, Williams does. You have another down, Cat. I do have another down. I do have another down. Buddy Healed in Indiana. So look, managers of Buddy Healed, especially in 9 category, Roto Leagues. Remember, Hilde being awesome. I mean, last season, he ranked 26th in 9 category total season roto stats. 26th? Most of that was coming from banging 3.6 triples again, a game with great percentages when he played 31 minutes a game and appeared in 80 games, 80 games. Who does that in the NBA anymore? But Hield came off the bench for all of Indy's, preseason games with sophomore, Benedict Matherin, starting instead. The Pacers signed Bruce Brown, who you might think is as old as Buddy Hield, but is actually only 27. They signed Brown to a 2 year deal, and it looks like Brown not healed will start at small forward. This is the last year of Hield's contract. Extension talks failed this summer. At 30 years of age, Hilde is on a very different timeline than Halliburton, who's 23. Miles Turner, who's 27, and Matherin is 21. Just, it seems safe to assume his minutes per game are gonna decrease coming off the bench for the Pacers. He's sure not gonna see 31 a game, and he really seems like a logical trade candidate at the deadline where presumably, you know, he'll be an off the bench scorer for a contender. I do I the one caveat being healed has shown that he can hold fantasy value in a bench role in the past. So Sure. I I agree. Sure. His his numbers are are going to be down this year. He's still gonna hit an insane amount of 3 pointers. If he can keep his steals, rebounds up a respectable levels in eventual, even if he's only playing 25, 26 minutes per, I think there's still fantasy value there. It's just gonna be a lot tougher for him to crack top 100 value. There's absolute value. He's gonna bang. He's still gonna hit a lot of threes, but his stats will be down from last year. And those that may have rode him to Roto League victories last year should not expect the same thing. Shannon, who's your 3rd, preseason up or down candidate? This this pains me to say this. I've got a a Detroit Piston whose stock is falling. Jaden Ivy, 5th overall pick in the 2022 draft, had a very good rookie season for the Pistons, averaged 6 16 points per game, 5.2 assists, 1.63 pointers, weak on percentages, but he showed some growth towards the end of last season. He has been stuck in a 6th man role all preseason for the Pistons. Monty Williams is trying to put his stamp on the team and figure out a rotation that makes sense for him. Personally, I think Ivy is a very important piece for the Pistons to develop for their long term success, and I want him to be the starting shooting guard alongside Cade in that backcourt. But I don't believe it's gonna happen this year. He's at least at the start of the season, he will be deployed as the 6th man. You know, that's gonna be it's gonna be an interesting rotation for the Pistons. It means Cade Cunningham, Azar Thompson, Bogdanovic, Isaiah Smith. Burks? Seeing a lot of minutes. Yeah. I'm not I'm not that worried about Alec Burks, honestly. Jalen Duran is the other the 5th starter for the Pistons. And then off the bench for the backcourt, you do have Burks. He's there. Kelyn Hayes has had a very good preseason. He is a very good on the ball perimeter defensive player. He is going he is I believe that he Hayes' Hayes' success this preseason has earned him a spot in the rotation. They have Monte Morris. Honestly, I think it's Ivy and Hayes that are the 2 backup point guards or the 2 backup, guards for the Pistons at the start of the season. So we shall see. Thompson's been the revelation. Azar Thompson's being drafted too low. He has looked fantastic this preseason. He is a a great defensive player. He's shooting much better than I think most people expected. He his playmaking solid, but Jaden Ivy is the one who's taken a hit. So I have Jaden Ivy in our staff keeper league. I kept him, early on in best ball drafts. I was happy to take him in in the 85 to 100 range. Now not so much. I I worry about his value for for his fantasy value for this season. Yeah. The the Pistons for being as bad as they project to be, I'm sorry, Shannon, have a weirdly deep rotation. That is tough to predict. I I would just think that they have a better 8 man, 9 man rotation than, like, 12 teams in the NBA. I like their roster. I'm not saying they're gonna be successful this year. They've got a lot of young guys have to develop, but their top eight is super interesting. Well, we need to we need obviously, we need a healthy year at Cade, which hopefully And this totally totally unbiased. Alright. This is. You you've blurred out your Detroit background for some reason. Today's video, it's like you're you're you're you're not proud of the Detroit stuff there. What's going on, Shannon? I'm just trying to get away from all these reflections of lights and I see. Mhmm. You know? I see. Well, let's, let's wrap this thing up with our NFBKC observations. You guys co managed a team. I drafted my team last night. We both streamed our draft. So if you go to the rotor wire NBA YouTube page and click on the button that says live streams or something of the like, they will be in there. I'll start with you guys. What do you, what what are some of your observations from either just co managing a team together or the NFPKC in general? Well, very fun to bicker, on screen during a live draft. What I think our biggest point of angst was we were really hoping to get one of our sleeper point guards late, Be that Conley or Schroeder up in Toronto or, yeah, Mike Conley in Utah. We had a few other queued up, and they all got gobbled up as we sat there at the turn. That's the you're at the turn. The killer is just watching those 23 some odd players go off the board. And, man, we were like, okay. We gotta get one of these 3 or 4 sleeper point guards. And they all went, and we were not, you know, grinding our teeth. Yeah. And I, you know, the takeaway, the main takeaway for me is drafting a team with another person is always going to be difficult. I don't think there's any way to prop and it's nothing against Ken. Ken, you're a fantastic man. You're my favorite uncle. I look up to you and respect you, but I do not respect your basketball opinions. What, you were you guys drafting at 12? We were 11. So 11. Oh, we both Not quite I Yeah. I drafted from 11 as well. Okay? So we both we both drafted from the same spot. You got I I don't have to necessarily go through your entire team here. You got Trae Young, Jern Jackson, Cade Cunningham, Vooch, Randall. We both have Randall and drafted them. We both drafted Randall in round 5. We both have Keegan Murray. We both have Trey Murphy. And we both have Cam Thomas. Yeah. And as you as you probably expect, the rotor wire, my league's feature where it sucks in all the players and teams from your league, gives you lineup advice. It's a great feature, and it's works on a whole bunch of different commission sites. It also works on NFBKC, and it says we're number 1, in the power rankings. But, of course, that's because we tend to agree with the rotor wire projections. Pick with rotor wire in mind. I I know you got really mad because because we couldn't let go of it. It kept bugging us. You really hated Shannon the fact we took former Piston, Jeremiah Grant, in the 6th round. Yeah. It is. That's probably where we should have gotten CJ McCollum thinking about our point card problems. More of just, like, the roster build and statistical, you know, categorical targets that we had at that time. I mean, it was a a huge run on forwards at the time. Cam Johnson went right before, then Jeremy Grant, Kyle Kuzma, Zach Collins, who who is forward eligible on NFBKC, Jabari Smith. But we really wanted a guard in that spot. Unfortunately, like, Ken had mentioned, you know, Tyler Herro, Jalen Williams, Simons, Vassell, CJ McCollum. CJ McCollum is the guy who we probably should have went wrong. Probably should have taken McCollum. But we were we were too busy focused on entertaining the masses during our livestream to go into a hard debate with this. Look, I It's true. Shannon and I talking too much. I know it's hard for you to picture. Look. Look. I don't I don't like McCollum in the 6th. I'll just be honest with you. Okay. I don't I don't like McCollum in the 6th. So, like but you're right. The guard the guard situation is bad after that. Like, you're talking about Rozier McCollum, Derek White, who I think is way too early in the 7th, Reeves. Yeah. Yeah. I you know? But I I wasn't gonna I was just You know what? I don't think it really bothered us until near the end when all those sleeper point guards went off the board. Then we were like, oh, geez. Yeah. That's point guard earlier. That's that's a point that, like, that's the main thing from the NFPKC that I wanted to bring up. If you're planning on doing one of these drafts, I feel like the forward pool is shallow. Get your forwards early, and there's a lot of sleeper guards that you can take late, like complete flyers at the end of the draft. Because I kinda ran into a situation where I felt like I didn't have enough forwards. And the multi positioning eligibility on n f NFBKC is very small. Yeah. You need to start 2 centers, and there is only forward center multi eligibility. There is no guard forward multi eligibility. So those forward center guys, exactly why I took Randall. I was like, this is a this is a steal Jaren Jackson. That's why we went all into Jaren Jackson. Yeah. I same thing with Randall. I that's something I would have considered except, Durant was on the board for me. So, it looks like he was on the board. You took Durant over Jaren Jackson? Come on. I took Young as in Durant back to back. I and and those those picks make sense. I think it's a solid approach. You know, Ken and I very consciously reached on Jaren Jackson in this format specifically because we know he's center eligible. Forward center. Yeah. Yep. Forward center eligible blocks and centers in general are at a premium, especially those ones that have good percentages along with blocks and threes. Jaren Jackson's just kind of like one of the perfect players for the NFBKC format. My hope is he just, you know, plays the career high in games, picks up some of the scoring slack with Moran out, and proves worthy of a top twenty selection. We're not bearing a point guard. We have Trae Young and Cade Cunningham. We need Cade to stay healthy. And Chris Paul. I think Chris Paul's Oh, we got Chris Paul. Yeah. It's Zach. I I think Chris Paul's value is not going to be as depressed as people expect with Golden State. I actually think he could have a ridiculous number of assists. His scoring will be down, but he's gonna be setting up Klay and and Curry for for gigantic. He's gonna have nights where he just has 10 assists off Kade and Clay Klay and Curry 3 pointers only. So we took, we missed out on, all those sleeper guards we mentioned. We had to settle for Keontae George as our last pick. But Which I like. That's fine. Maybe he becomes a starter in Utah. They they don't. I think he is probably the best point guard on that roster. THT, you know, Horton Tucker. Horton Tucker, who we've talked a lot about the last couple episodes, I like him. But a lot of folks, a lot of pundits do not believe he'll be able to hold on to the starting point guard job. And if it's not him, I believe they're gonna give Keontae George, a little bit of a leash there and see how he goes. I think they're just kinda bringing him along slowly. Oh, great. Last pick flyer. We'll see. Mhmm. Alright, gentlemen. Well, this 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.