Welcome everybody to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast brought to you by underdog fantasy, vivid seats, and rival fantasy. It is Friday, November 10th 2023. Alex Barutha here with Shannon McEwen and Ken K train. All aboard. As always, we're gonna start things off by jumping straight into the news, and this probably could have this entire news section is could have been an injury section. Just injuries. Yep. Injuries galore. We have Cam Thomas out for 2 weeks. We have Tyler Herro out a couple of weeks. Jamal Murray out 3 weeks, Walker Kessler out 2 weeks. And I know there's somebody out there watching this video that drafted all of those guys and, is now losing their fantasy leagues. I added Cam Thomas to, like, 75% of my teams. That's for sure. Yeah. I mean, Ken so Cam Thomas is hurt. Like, you don't drop him. But No. What what are you what are you looking at doing, with with him out now? Do you think there's a move to make for for the nets? We do have Cam Johnson coming back, presumably tonight. So that that does maybe take away some value. Yeah. Well, we're obviously gonna talk about a lot of free agent guards in our waiver wire section. But, yeah, you have to stash Thomas. I mean, how many could score 35 point on points a night guys are out there. You know? Right. There's not that many. Shannon, what do you again, without spoiling too much of the the waiver wire section, do any of these other injuries stand out to you in terms of, like is there's you you don't drop these guys, but pickups, what do you think is kinda gonna happen here? What are you worried about? Yeah. I I mean, with Cam Thomas, I mean, 2 weeks, I think it's manageable. You keep them stashed on your bench unless you are in a vet, very shallow league. You know, if you're in a shallow league where top 100 players are widely available, then there could be something to consider with Cam Thomas. But for the most part, you know, 2 weeks is manageable. Right? Stash them on your bench, You know, the Brooklyn Nets, it'll be interesting what happens once, Thomas Thomas does return because Cam Johnson, is expected to make his season debut tonight. So that rotation could be is going to be, different once Thomas returns. With, Jamal Murray, you know, we I believe you got you got Reggie Jackson's the obvious pickup. We might discuss him more, during our waiver wire pickups. Walker Kessler, that's tough. I mean, you would have thought the clinic, Kelly Olynyk, was, the most obvious plug in, but, the Jazz decided to switch things up, slide Collins and Markton up to the 4 and the 5. So it it's we'll we'll discuss the the Jazz as well during our waiver wire pickups. The heat is kind of the interesting one. You've got, Ken's favorite, Kyle Lowry. You know, any player who's over the hill, Ken is a must add. And large bottomed. Yes. Large bottom. I forgot that. Low there. That's actually number 1. It's a large bottom then over the hill. Big bumpers. Well, yeah, we'll we'll talk about, more big bumpers later. But, Ken, why don't why don't we touch on some of the the two games that happened last night? Well and I know you were on the edge of your seat for all of this, but Giannis, scored 54 last night, but had 2 costly turnovers late in Q4 when he was just gassed. In the Bucks, 126, 124 loss at Indianapolis. Coach Adrian Griffin, got tossed. He's trying to protect Giannis, was complaining about the lack of foul calls on Giannis defenders. And no Damon Lillard. He's got a calf issue. I think that's just day to day. But, hey. These are your Bucks, Alex. Give us some more insights on this. Yeah. This game started off pretty badly as, all bucks games do at this point. And, eventually, they the bucks just gave up trying to run real offense and just gave the ball to Giannis against the Pacer second unit, I might add, and just said, go crazy, man. Like, just just fix it for us. And then the they pulled him because he got gassed, and then they put Khris Middleton in. And Khris Middleton, looked completely unguardable for 4 or 5 minutes and then got gassed himself. And then the game, you know, continued to slip away. Obviously, Youngest was amazing throughout the whole game, but you mentioned it. Like, he he turned the ball over late. I watched I was very locked into the last 5 minutes of this game, and he it just it was those youngest mistakes that you see a lot where he spins into traffic. He he keeps the ball too low instead of high. The offense kind of bogs down. Guys aren't cutting. So yet another disappointing loss for the Milwaukee bucks after they almost drop a game to Shannon's Detroit Pistons, with Giannis getting ejected. I like Giannis' postgame tweet. You know, he scored 54. He tweeted 54, 45, 5. It doesn't matter. A lot of good things we can learn from today to get better. Yeah. Shannon, we also had some interesting box scores from this game. We had Miles Turner and Benedict Matherin play 37 and 36 minutes respectively after basically previous like, their minutes have been down 25, 3rd like, the the minutes have been a little all over the place. What what do you make of this? Yeah. I mean, with Ben Math in particular, I find it very encouraging. That's back to back games, you know, 38 minutes and 36 on back to back nights as well. Yeah. And and big outings in each. He topped 40 fancy points in each outing. Love to see it, especially after he's up and down start to the season. You know, he's locked in as the starter, as shooting guard, but it's just great to see him get over 30 minutes. I mean, those are the first two games of the season where he's played over 30 minutes. If he continues to play over 30 minutes, then anyone who who identified him as a breakout candidate, you know, that, you should start to reap those rewards moving forward. You know, similar It was so odd that they played 4 guys over 36 minutes on the second of a back to back. But it won't. They won. Yeah. Well, I'm hey. The Pacers trying to win games. Like, this is, this is not a team that believes that they are below 500 or they're or they're really rebuilding. They wanna make the playoffs. So Well, you know, proof of that, Alex. We saw the return of Daniel Theiss. His first appearance got 4 8 minutes for the Pacers. Showcasing him for the Clippers. Maybe. I will say one one one thing to note with, Miles Turner as well because he only played 23 minutes the previous night. He also, you know, is only only top 30 minutes three times this season, 3 out of 9 games. But last night, Jalen Smith set out. He was kind of so that opened up some minutes, and they really needed Miles Turner to step up, and and he did. He had a great game. For the big o, Obi Toppin fans out there, he was notably not the the one starter not to get big minutes. In fact, only played 13, looked a little lost on defense, I would say. I'm not I'm not on the toe the Toppin bandwagon. I've I've cut bait there, in a couple weeks where I've rostered him. He was basically stuck on my bench anyways, but even even games, you know, if you're watching closely and there'll be games where he'll start off, he'll hit his first couple shots. It happened last night. Actually, I think he might have scored like 2 of the first four buckets for the Pacers and then immediately, it doesn't matter. It it doesn't matter. He he gets pulled off the court 4 or 5 minutes in the game and ends up only playing 13 to 14 minutes and and can't do much on the fantasy side. So if, you know, this is a team that they love playing, Nesmith at the at the 4. They've got, Walker, the rookie Walker that can eventually might make his way into the rotation. I think Obi Toppin's just it's time. It's time to find a replacement if you're still rostering him. We had the Mexico City game last night between the hawks and, magic. The hawks win this 1 120 to 119 was an excellent game. I feel like both teams were really hyped up for this game. The crowd was going insane. A lot of these plays. It's a really fun game. Of course, before we get to the extremely pertinent fantasy information, we have to note that Joe Ingalls plus 27 and 18 minutes. Wow. I mean, that was just an oddity. I loved it. More relevant for your fancy teams. We had Markelle Fultz back in the lineup after missing some time. He was fine. Jalen Suggs, big game for him. Probably the one of the best games of his career. 21 points on 10 shots, 6 steals for him. Of course, he each one of the best defenders in the NBA, one of the best steals Mexican food before every game now. He's drinking Haritos and sugar buzz. Yeah. We also had Jonathan Isaac have his best game of the season, 12 points, 7 boards, 2 blocks in 16 minutes. The Wagner, but tots say minutes split kinda continues. If you picked either one up, it's fine, but, you know, you're not you're not, 2 blocks of Patatsy. Yeah. That was good to see. But yeah. And then, Trae Young goes for 41 and 8 with 3 steals. Ken, what's the most notable thing, that you kinda draw from this game? Well, other than Joe Ingles, hey, Jonathan Isaac. Is he actually back? I mean, he's on my, he's on our waiver wire chat coming up, but wow, a a healthy Jonathan Isaac is something people have dreamed about for 3 or 4 years. I can't imagine he's gonna stay healthy, but my goodness. It's worth taking a flyer on if he got some bed space. In a in a very deep league. Yeah. The the the issue is going to be playing time with Jonathan Isaac. Right? You know, 16 minutes last night. He has looked good when he's able to play. They're still kind of he set out previous game. Well, for us 16 minutes. Mhmm. Two blocks solid player. We know what he can do. We know what he can do, but I think 14 teamers. It's got to be pretty deep lead for me to pick them up. I mean, the biggest takeaway is Suggs, you know, even with Fultz coming back. So, Gary Harris was out, but Ant Black played 17 minutes off the bat. Fultz leading the guard rotation with 31 minutes and those 7. There are those 6 steals and and 43 pointers, you know, if you took Suggs with a late dart in your draft, this is this why you did. So so I love seeing him getting that run. Well, we've we've talked about it enough. Let's get to the waiver wire section. But first, a word from our friends at Underdog Underdog. Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player. Pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free subscription and deposit bonus. That's code RWNBA. Alright. Our waiver wire section, if you Oh, wait. Wait. We're getting ahead of ourselves, Alex. Oh, I'm sorry. The fan feedback. Fan feedback, and we're gonna try to do this from questions on the live stream. Oh my god. Technology. I'm not sure I can handle this. We've got one from Brooks Durham saying, with hero down, would you add Keontae George or Kyle Lowry to fill in? Someone's been looking at our show notes. Yeah. Wow. This is a this is a really interesting question. So I think I would prefer well, it depends, man. It depends. Come on. You can just add them in, Alex. Ideally, you could add them both. The the problem is that after hero comes back in 2 weeks, I think Lowry kinda goes back to just not being that good. Now, Lowry, you know, he was providing decent value before, but nothing you can't replace off the wire. I might lean Keontae George just for the long term upside. That's my that's gonna be my final answer. Alright. Well, we'll discuss this more in the way. I I'll I'll answer this question. I'm going George. I'm going upside here. He has more he has more potential for long term value, just higher overall ceiling for the remainder of the season. Kyle Lowry's coming off a fantastic game. He he had 17 points, 11 rebounds, 9 assists. But this goes back to last season with Lowry. Whether you watch the heat if you watch the heat in the playoffs, you watch them during the regular season last year, Lowry, every 5, 6 games will have kind of that vintage outing, but and those other 3, 4, 5 games where he's off, you see you see the age. Yeah. You absolutely see it. One vintage, 3 old. So my my my answer is, you know, if you're just looking for value the next week or 2 while he or the next couple weeks while heroes out, Lowry might provide more value than George. But if you want long term rest of season value, pick up Kiate. Alright. We we have another question in the chat, but it's about drops. We have a few suggested drops at the end of our waiver wire section, mister Derwin Daly, so we'll we'll get to that later. But now, yes, let's get to the waiver wire section. Yes. For those of you who, don't follow the show every week, what we do here is we each provide 2 regular, what we call regular, waiver wire pickups, which are players rostered in less than 50% of leagues. Typically, we use Yahoo leagues, and then we each do one long shot, which is a roster and fewer than 25% of Yahoo leagues. I'm I'm gonna start things off with Kyle Lowry, who we just talked about 30% roster in Yahoo Leagues. We have Tyler Hero out for 2 weeks. Miami has 3 games next week, so you're getting you're still getting some value there. In that game that that hero got hurt, Lowry goes for 17 points and 11 shots, 11 rebounds, 9 assists, and 1 steal in 35 minutes. Like Shannon alluded to at Lowry's age, what we've seen from him, he has, like, 11% usage this season. You're hoping for, like, one out of every 3 or 4 games being, like, very good. But we know he can hit a bunch of threes. He still has steals upside and obviously assists upside. Even, like, he's ranked 82nd right now in 8 cat. So even with this kind of muted numbers, his muted role, he's been fine. And, again, 3 games next week for the heat. Ken, who is your first waiver wire suggestion? Yeah. I think he's the cover guy for our video. We're going to New Orleans for Jordan Hawkins, who's 45% rostered. Unfortunately, Pals only have 3 instead of 4 games next week. The main reason is well, there's 2 reasons. CJ McCollum is out with a lung issue. This is the 2nd time McCollum has been dealing with that. I think he was out was it 6 weeks last time, Alex? You were on top of that one. You know, there's no timetable for McCollum's return this season, so they instantly started the rookie Hawkins. And Monday night, he had 31 points, 7 threes, 7 rebounds, 3 assists, and 1 steal over a team high 38 minutes. Talk about just getting tossed in the deep end. I don't think he's gonna have 31 points every night, but goodness gracious, Jordan Hawkins looks like the real deal for the Pelicans. Very, very interesting pickup in New Orleans. I also think, you know, Dyson Daniels can get a look as well. I I Dyson Daniels more of a natural point guard. Hawkins is more of a to guard off the ball guard. So I've liked Daniels to possibly step up if because if CJ's out for ends up being out for that long, but Hawkins will have a pretty significant role either way. Shannon, why don't you take us to your first waiver wire suggestion? This is the guy we talked about preseason, during drafts, even probably in one of the first waiver wire pickups of this year, but he's still wildly under owned. Kobe White for the Chicago Bulls has been solid this year. His overall rank this season is in the 160 range, but he's remains locked into the starting lineup for Chicago, and he's picked up his he's picked up his performance recently. Just looking at the past 5 games. Assists. Yeah. Yeah. Past 5 games, 13.6 points, 3.2 rebounds, 4.8 assists, 1.2 steals, and, 1.83 pointers as well. Solid percentages, you know, from the line, 83.3%, 43 a half. For Kobe White, I'll take it. I think that's solid enough from from from from the floor. But you've got some 3 pointers with the assists creeping up. I like him more, and I think he should be considered in most 12 team leagues, especially if you need that 3 pointer assist combo. Yeah. He had 3 dud games in a row, but the last fours really turned it on. Kind of a new role for him. Right? He's not really a pure point guard, but that's what they need him to be. And, I think he'll get better with more time playing with the starters. In 33 minutes per game over the last 5, that's very significant. They have, I don't know if you mentioned it. They have 4 games next week, so there's a chance you pick him up. He keeps the hot streak rolling, and then you just hang on to him. So I think it's a that's a really good suggestion. My second waiver wire suggestion is the clinic, Kelly Olynyk, 32% roster in Yahoo leagues. Walker Kessler out at least 2 weeks. We touched on that at the top of the show. In their first game without Kessler, what they did, Will Hardy shifted John Collins up to center and then put in Ochai Abadji into the starting lineup and also switched Taylor and Horton Tucker for Keontae George. So a lot happened in this previous game, that was against, Indiana. Oldenik played only 21 minutes, but he was in foul trouble. So I think it's worth monitoring what he does in tonight's game, just Friday, to see kind of where his minutes are. He ranks Olinik in only 20 minutes per game right now for the whole season, ranks a 128. So he's usable in 12 team leagues as it is. He sees a 9% usage increase with Kessler off the floor. We know he's a per 36 monster. We saw that happen, at points last year. We saw it happen when he got triggered to Houston a couple years back, and he just kinda took the team over. And, Utah has 3 games next week, so you're, you don't have to worry about a short week. He will not get you blocks. So if you are gonna stream a linic, hopefully, you can do it at forward, not center, and still have somebody, getting you blocks for you. But, we love the clinic. I feel like he's a streaming option every year for us. Mhmm. I'm changing my format up. I went with just one regular pick, and I'm going with 2 long shots. And my first long shot back to the Miami Heat, I'm going Haywood Highsmith, who's only 3% rostered in Yahoo. He started the last 3 games for the heat and averaging 23 minutes a game. As you and we met as we mentioned earlier in the show, Tyler Hero is out. Wednesday versus Memphis, he had Highsmith had 14 points, 4 stocks, and 2 threes. And look, the heat are just thin after this offseason where they lost Max Struss to Cleveland, Gabe Vincent went to the Lakers. I think Heismith's another one of those uncovered gems that the Miami Heat seemed to find every year. Anyway, only 3 games for the Heat, but, I like Heismith, in a deep league flyer or if you've got a big bench. Yeah. They're they're they put him in the starting lineup. He's in the rotation over Kevin Love right now. Yeah. And we've we've seen in years past that they they clearly like him. I don't know if they know what he is. I don't know, but they're they want it to happen, whatever it is. So I think I think it's a good a good, deep league suggestion. And Tyler here out means more usage. Shannon, you've got a pretty sexy second pickup suggestion. Sassy. He's def he's definitely sassy. Marcus Sasser, rookie backup point guard for the Detroit Pistons has been on an on a heater for the past week or so. Over the past 5 games, 27.4 minutes off the bench, 16.4 points, 3.4 rebounds, 3.4 or 3.8 assists, 1.6 steals, shooting 55.9% from the floor, 2.63 pointers. Anyone who watched the Bucks Pistons game the other night saw, Marcus Sasser take over pretty much in the Q3. 26, 6, and 2 with 1 steal, 11 for 17 from the floor, 3 three pointers in that game. You know, there's been a lot of a lot of hype for Monty Williams about Sasser. It's been obvious, you know, even going back to summer league preseason that he likes Sasser quite a bit. And, you know, right now, you look at the last 3 games. Jaden Ivy has sat out. I was gonna say, how is this happening with Jaden Ivy around? I know. I know. And then you got Burks. Burks has sat out as well. So the team has been shorthanded. So that's part of it. Also out? Yep. Absolutely. Monte Morris also out. That is all part of it. But, yeah, every single comment I see for Monty Williams about Sasser, is encouraging. I believe Sasser is one of his guys. I think he really likes him. He likes the fit for this team. You know, I think there there's even a possibility that Sasser gets moved into the starting lineup before a guy like Ivy does, you know, in place of Killian Hayes for instance. I think that's a possibility in in the next month or 2. It might not happen immediately, but it is a possibility. But for now, just if he continues to be this productive off the bench, it's he's averaging 30 over 30 fantasy points per game over the past 5 games, and he's wildly under owned right around 30% rostered on, Yahoo right now. You're looking for point guard production as a score. You know, it's just never gonna be a I don't think it'll be a 6 assist guy or anything like that even if he gets a starting role. But 3 pointers, scoring, solid percentages, that's all on the table with Marcus Sasser. Maybe those Pistons should have drafted Keegan Murray. When? Well, can't do it. Can't do anything about it now. But no. I mean, this is the so this is who Sasser projected to be when when you draft him 25th. He was a spark plug scorer. Great with the ball in his hands. And also, I think a little bit of an underrated defender, you look at him, he's 61190, so you don't project him to be a good defender, but he has good hands, good instincts. He's got at least one steal. I think this is in the past, what, 6 games. So I I think this is pretty real for Sasser at least until we get some clarification on injuries. My, long shot waiver wire pickup, which I can't believe he qualifies as a long shot, Reggie Jackson of the Denver nuggets, who of course is going to see increased playing time with Jamal Murray out for probably about a month. And I think it's notable that it's a hamstring for Jamal Murray. Notoriously tough to come back from notoriously high reinjury rate for hamstrings. Played 32 minutes, Jackson did, in Wednesday's close win over the warriors. That's notable since he played 24 and 25 minutes in the previous 2 games. So I think some people looked at that and went, oh, you know, I'm I'll have to pick them up. Both of those games were blowouts. This warriors game was close, and he played, 32 minutes. He's averaging, 15.6 assists and 1 and a half steals per 36 on the season. Don't expect the steals to keep up. Okay? He's not that guy, but you will happily in a deep league take something like 14 and 5 or 13 and 4 consistently for a month. And if you're concerned about just what they have next week, they have 3 games, but this is a long term pickup for pretty much every league. Yeah. If you if you if you were in a league where Reggie Jackson was rostered last season for the 1st couple months of the year when he was starting for the Clippers, then he'll provide similar value this year. There's not gonna be anything too eye popping or, or, anything that really gush about, write home about, if you will. But, he'll have value. The minutes will be there. This is an oddly shoot first point guard. I always wanted more assists from Jackson even going back to his Piston days. Never seems to happen. Well, someone who has not shoot first nor pass first is your 3rd waiver wire option, Ken. I'm going what? I'm going with a second long shot we mentioned earlier in the show. Jonathan Isaac, the Magic have 4 games next week. And in 16 minutes last night, 12 points, 7 boards, 2 blocks, and 13. Could he finally be healthy? Probably not. Can he stay healthy for 4 games? Hopefully. If you're desperate, and, you know, could use some crazy big guy stats, heck, it's always fun to take a take a flyer on Jonathan Isaac, cross your fingers, and hope he doesn't visit the MASH unit anytime soon. 1 week, maybe? Maybe? What do you guys think? I think this is the right let's put it this way. This is the right time to pick him up because they're down their starting center. Isaac can play some some small ball center, and they have they have 4 games this week. This is the time to pick them up. Maybe it doesn't work. But if you're if you're interested in doing it, just do it now. Yeah. It's it's yeah. I think we hinted at this at the top too is if it's deeper leagues, 14 teamers, it makes sense. If you're if you're playing in a 10 team league, a league that's only a 120 players deep, you know, he's not gonna he's not gonna factor in there yet. Yeah. He can't he has no business on a 10 team. And in general, most of the long shot suggest suggestions are that, you know, they're they they could crack the top 150, but top 120 top 100, is very unlikely. That brings me to my guy who I actually think has top 100 upside even though he's a long shot. Keontae George, rookie guard for the Utah Jazz. He is, rostered 13% on Yahoo. He has 3 games next week. You know, Alex mentioned George was plugged into the starting lineup for Utah with Kessler down. It's kind of been in the cards. There's been a the the roster percentage for George is only above 10% because there's been a lot of folks stashing him, since draft season. And it's because it's expected he'll eventually take over the starting point guard role. Horton Tucker hasn't been great to start the season. Jordan Clarkson's not a point guard. Colin Sexton's not really a point guard either. Keontae George is a 1st round pick, and this is a rebuilding jazz team. No matter how well they surprisingly did last year, they're in full rebuild right now. And George is a guy they're gonna wanna give a look to. In his first start of the season, 31 minutes, 7 points, 2 rebounds, 9 assists, 3 for 8 from the floor. You know, it's those assists. That's what you're chasing after with with George here. If he if he sticks in the starting lineup, you know, good chance he does even after Kessler returns. There's no reason for them to plug George into the lineup like that unless the the intention was to keep him there moving forward. When you touched on this, the Jazz were winning last year, would not have been a time to develop somebody. They didn't have George. Obviously, he's a rookie. But now they're losing like they're supposed to. So, hey, use those minutes to develop the only true point guard you have on the roster. Yeah. And George George is interesting because in college, he wasn't really an assist guy. But I mean, summer league, he averaged 5 assists, and now he's averaging. He's he's going to assist in the NBA. So, he's their years old. Yeah. He's their potential point guard of the future. It's not Taylor Horton Tucker. It's not Colin Sexton. So that's that's kind of your argument here. Okay. Ken, before we jump into our Friday DFS section, we wanna touch on some potential drops in fantasy leagues that, people are wondering about. Well, here's maybe the controversial one, which a drop Jabari Smith, if you're in a 10 team league, they've only got 2 games this coming week. He's averaging 14 and 7, but less than half a block a game, not shooting well. It just doesn't seem to be meshing with all those veterans they brought in there. I so I think he's okay to drop in a 10 team league because his volume has not increased at all, his shooting volume. Yeah. His defensive stats are not increasing, neither are his assists. He's exactly who he was last year. Even if he's he's he's used to shoot efficiently. I mean, he's shooting 50% from the field and 40% from 3, and you're still only getting 14 points per game out of him. I think he's a drop. He alright. I I've made a push against that. Jabari Smith Junior is currently ranked, 9 category, about 109. He's rate rating that 1110 range, we'll call it, through 7 games. Guess who else is ranked, rating that same range through 7 games? Jamal Murray, Bruce Brown. I'm not dropping those guys. Chris Paul. I'm not dropping Chris Paul, Ken. Quick. You might drop Bruce Brown. No. And absolutely not. Drop Bruce Brown. Not in a 10 teamer, not in a 120 player deep, 140. That's about a 120 to 140 players deep in a lot of 10 teamers. I think Jabari Smith's a hold. I think it's super encouraging that we're seeing him, hit 2.13 pointers per game. The 50% from the floor is encouraging. We're gonna see better days ahead this year for Jabari Smith. Well, here's some easier drops. Bones Highland and Norm Powell for the Clippers. They have 2 games this week. And, obviously, they just added James Harden, and we already bashed Obi Toppin in the lack of minutes. He's getting with the Pacers who only have 12, 2 games this week too. Okay. Before that's the end of our waiver wire segment. Alex, tell us about our good friends at Vivid Seats. The NBA season is here. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visitvividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code erotowire for $20 off your first 20 $200 purchase. That's promo code r0towire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vividseats. Experience it live. That's code r o t o w I r e, which I used last night. I got tickets for Celtic sixers at the Garden, and I'd saved $20. Alright, gentlemen. It's time for Shannon and Alex to give us their DFS picks for Friday night tonight. And, Shannon, you wanna mention something about our friends at Splash. Yeah. As mentioned in past weeks, we have a weekly Friday NBA contest on splash sports. Visitrotowire.com/splashsplashandsignup. It's $5 to enter. It's a fun tiers game. I've already got my entry reserved. Gotta go pick the players and and tier them properly, after the show. But please join us for the fun competition for tonight's 9 game slate. Like Shane mentioned, the 9 game slate today. We have a over under north of 240, which is always a good sign. Something people generally target Charlotte at Washington, the rematch, the rematch. Washington got the win the other night. They're rotate. Jordan pool played like 18 minutes. Delon Wright had his best game of his career off the bench. It was just a complete nightmare. If you play fantasy, let's put it that way. I I I believe that this game will certainly be near that 2:40 mark because neither of these teams are interested in playing defense. Is there any boogie specifically from this game, Shannon, that you are looking to roster? There is. It's fantastic game. Honestly, there's a lot of really good values on there. Kyle Kuzma, whether it's on DraftKings or FanDuel, I think he's 8 grand, 8,000 on DraftKings, 7,800 on FanDuel. He's good value, at that number. He he's he's basically been a walk in, 40 fantasy points the last couple weeks, and I expect you know, even when he's only playing 28, 29, 30 minutes per game, he's still pouring in close to 40 points per night. So I like him. PJ Washington is a good value as well on the other side for Charlotte. The most interesting one for me, if looking at the the the expensive players, LaMelo is only 91 100 on FanDuel. He has been he's coming off back to last 2 games, 64.5 Fantasy points and 46.3 Fantasy points against Washington. You know, there's a little bit of early season rust with LaMelo. There were there was a potential minutes cap that seems to be out the window now. Back to back games where he's where he scored over 30 points. 91100 super cheap, for a player who can get you that 60 fancy point marker. Yeah. I plenty of people are gonna be talking to this game. I I love that LaMelo Ball salary. Anytime you can get LaMelo Ball in a game that might go to 240, I would certainly take that, especially with Terry Rozier out. You know? They they need someone else to handle the ball. So Gordon Hayward's interesting to me there as well. Can I know you're working hard to to answer people's comments in the but I I wanna get your take on on Brooklyn, Boston? We saw Boston come off a heartbreaking loss. It's a 70 sixers the other night. What have you seen for Boston lately? Is there anything specific you you kinda see in this matchup? They're gonna exhaust you know, they're they've now lost 2 in a row, and so we're gonna continue to see huge minutes for the starters because coach Joe is not trusting anybody on this bench. Other than Sam Howser, Houser's actually come out of his, shooting slump, but Peyton Pritchard's still shooting poorly. They don't seem to trust O'Shea Brissett. Anyways, it's just gonna be big minutes, for all 5 starters, including Derek White, who is back from, paternity leave. So, and then it you know, they don't have a legit center, so we could see Porzingis score a lot over the top tonight with Nick Claxton out for the Nets. Yeah. I won't be surprised. Like, other other teams try to go small sometimes against Brooklyn because Brooklyn go small. But when you have Porzingis out there, he can shoot threes. Yeah. And he's good enough on the perimeter. And, again, you run the pick and roll with him. He's taller than everybody else, so I think this could be a a nice Porzingis game. We also have Detroit on tonight's slate Changan going up against the Philadelphia 70 sixers. Detroit's at home, Duran versus Embiid. ESPN is going crazy about it. Come on. Even I he I'm not I I'm not gonna even go there, man. No. I know. Well, I mean, just tell us what you've seen from from Detroit lately. Well, it's been great. You know, Kate Cade's been very solid. He dominates the ball when he's in the game. He's gonna have an opportunity to put up a big fantasy night every single game even if he's, leading the league in turnovers and taking some very, ill advised shots. He's gonna have the ball in his hands. He's gonna be making decisions for this team. You know, they're just young inexperienced team. Thompson, Duran, great great production. They're getting rebounds. They're getting blocks. They're getting those defensive stats to put up solid fancy nights. Against Philly though, you know, this the Pistons will be shorthanded again tonight, so there is some upside. I worry about this game, being close. You know? Even against Milwaukee, the the Pistons were able to keep it close because Giannis got ejected. Honestly, I think it was like a 13 point cushion at the time when Giannis got ejected. If Giannis stayed in, he was having a hell of a game as well. Pistons couldn't do anything when Giannis and and Lopez were both on the floor, and diverting diverting shots, blocking half of them. That game would have been a blowout. I expect a blowout tonight. The 6th are gonna manhandle my Pistons. So I'm not very high on targeting any of the Pistons for tonight's DFS slate. I do think Maxey is a solid play on the other side, and you could even have you know, revenge games aren't really a thing. But Tobias Harris coming back Detroit, places familiar with, played there a few years. He's also been better than I think people, realize. Tobias Harris averaging 19.3 points, 6.4 rebounds, 34 fancy points per game on FanDuel scoring. You know, this is a guy who's gonna be he's gonna have to do that for the sixers all season now. With Harden out of town, Tobias Harris is locked in as their number 3 scoring option for the remainder of the season. Anyone who invested on Tobias Harris during draft day is probably gonna gonna have a solid value, all season. This, this Pelicans Houston game, we won't really touch on it because Herb Jones questionable Zion Williamson questionable upper and Shanggu unquestionable. Unless you want to say something, Shanggu? I do. I do. I mean, we talked about a couple of guys. You know, we mentioned Hawkins during during our fab pickups. We mentioned, Dyson Daniels briefly. These are some of the better values for tonight. Hawkins on FanDuel, despite having that big game that Ken mentioned is, still 47100. So I think he's a very good option. You know, even Dyson Daniels, little bit riskier, because we all know what his role is gonna be. If he's gonna start again tonight, he's at 51100. I like Hawkins more at 47. And then, you know, the the the rocket side, I'm not as high, because I think their their their core and their rotation still kinda gelling, trying to figure out who's gonna play 30 plus minutes every night and trying to forecast which players step up. You know, some nights, Jalen Green. Jabari Smith has had 1 or 2 gig games. Fred Van Fleet, solid games. Dillon Brooks, you know, it it it kind of it's always up in the air, and they juggle responsibilities with that team and and who's gonna have a big night. So I'm staying away from the rocket Rockets for the most part, but there's some value on the New Orleans side. We, we covered about half the slate. I'm just gonna touch on rest of the games very quickly. Wolves Spurs. We have 1 been yama going up against the Minnesota Timberwolves. That's gonna be another tough matchup for him after he kind of flounder at MSG, Utah versus Memphis. This could be a great Utah spot. Could also be a great Memphis spot. The silver under is up at 2:30. Keep an eye on Kelly Olynyk. We have battle of the high usage guards, Clippers versus Mavericks. That will be a fun game. LA versus Phoenix. Beal is presumably going to play in this game again. Booker's still out. Anthony Davis, questionable. And then OKC, Sacramento, a pretty just straight up game right now except for the fact that Deere and Fox is still out. Do you have, like, one, you know, like, thought from like, one closing thought, somebody you wanna play or somebody you want to avoid for tonight's late channel? I'm gonna I'm gonna give you, like, 2 or 3 closing thoughts. I'm just gonna have to deal with it. The Utah Memphis game, I think, is very intriguing as well. We mentioned players from Utah, Keontae George, 43100 on FanDuel. I like George. Depending on what the the Jazz does with their starting lineup, John Collins, 61100 could be interesting. Or if Olinic, Obad if Obadji gets gets moved back to the bench and Olinic starts against Memphis, Olinic can be a big good fantasy play. On the other side for Memphis, Bismarck Diabo, is the starting center for So he's 52100. He could he could provide some value. And then one final takeaway, going back to the game we know Ken's gonna watch, Brooklyn, Boston. No Cam Thomas. That means we're gonna be able to see last year's version of Michael Bridges. The guy who everyone was drafted in the 2nd round this year, we could see him tonight against Boston. He's under 8,07,779,700. His usage is gonna be up. He's gonna have more shots. He doesn't have the number 1 gunner running next to him. So give me McHale Bridges tonight, my DFS lineups. And you can't you gotta assume Cam Johnson in his first game back probably below usage. I I I I would be surprised if he plays more than 20 minutes. Alright. Excellent DFS advice, gentlemen. Alex, please tell us about our friends at rival fantasy. LeBron versus Jordan. Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale, Biambo versus Collins. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans a storylines that raise the stakes. Every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player match up and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game, play the rival fantasy in house challenges, or create your own, and get a friend in the mix with a customizable social challenge. Sign up at joinrival.com/rotawire and get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. See you in the arena. That's joinrival.com/rotowire to get a $200 deposit match. Alright, Ken. It's time for the old man rant. Argh. The in season tournament floors are hideous. Sure. The tourney adds excitement, but these floor designs are giving me seizures. Chicago's red on red floor looks like either a crime scene or a cheeseless lasagna. The Boston floor has no parquet. That is sacrilegious. The next floor is bright orange with a dizzying layered New York word logo at center court. I'm too old for this. I need to watch with sunglasses on. Stop the insanity. Argh. Do you think the Chicago court's like a take on Chicago style pizza? Maybe. Put the red. Idiots. Well, yeah, it's more of a Detroit style pizza where the sauce goes on top of the cheese delights, but I get what you're I get what you're going for. Put the sauce on top for the Chicago Chicago style as well, like Giordano's does, but, why red on red? It's more of a casserole. It's more of a casserole. Detroit style pizza is delicious, of course. All all pizza. Oh, yeah. This is a pro pizza podcast. Hot take. Well, I think we avoided any, mispronounced names today. Helps when we, suggest Hawkins and Highsmith and Isaac and Lowry and Jackson. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you everybody for joining us on the fantasy basketball podcast presented by underdog, vivid seats, and rival fantasy. Ken, take us out of here. Yeah. Let's go to Flint, Michigan. Shannon's favorite state. You know, I give Kyle Irving a lot of gruff on this podcast, but he apparently recently donated $50,000 to little miss Flint's GoFundMe program to bring that city clean drinking water. Way to go, Kyrie, and I mean that honestly. Attention, passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.