Welcome everybody to the expertly produced and award winning Roderweiler Fantasy Basketball podcast. It is brought to you by Underdog Fantasy. It's Friday, December 15, 2023. Alex Berutha here with Shannon McEwan and Ken K train. All aboard. Let's jump right into the news. Last night, the Clippers beat the warriors 121 to 113 in LA. Paul George was out for this game, bit of a day to day injury. This was Draymond, more notably. Draymond Green's first game serving his indefinite suspension. We had Brandon Pogemski and Jonathan Kuminga join the starting lineup because Andrew Wiggins was benched by coach Steve as well. He should be. Air AirPods, did not play that well. 2 for 11, 3 turnovers, did grab 7 rebounds. We also had James Hargan continuing his strong play, posting 28 points, 15 assists, 7 rebounds, and 42 minutes. Is that just to get him less fat, the 42 minutes? Maybe. They should play in 48. But yeah. I mean, Shannon, we you know, the the the fantasy community has been like, is it Kuminga? Is it Sarge? Is it is it Podgemski? Is it Moody? Does anything you saw from this game make you feel strongly about any of those guys? I I mean, I'm gonna lean most heavily on minutes and also the fact that pods, AirPods, and Kamiga entered into the starting lineup. Like, that's the biggest news. Right? Yeah. So those 2 starting make them the 2 obvious pickups for me. There were 2 guys we're gonna talk we're gonna talk about both guys later. Those were the 2 guys I was planning on calling out either way. But there there's gonna be other fallout from the Draymond suspension. I mean, 1, we don't even know how long Draymond's out for. So to be determined, it could not be in a short term ad, a long term, to be determined. But you've got Kevon Looney. You know, he had a decent game. Let me back let me back up to that channel. It was 8 games for strangling Gobert. Right? So it doesn't have to be at least 8 games. Oh, it's 5. Oh, okay. 8 days, maybe 5 games. Okay. I I mean, yes. It'll be I would I would assume it's at least 5 games. Right? Yeah. So and Draymond's history will come into play. You know, but it could be anywhere from from my personal take is I wouldn't be surprised if it's 5 games again. I wouldn't be surprised if it's 25 games to be determined. Right? But right now, you've got AirPods. He entered the starting lineup, basically received the start over Andrew Wiggins, who was Over Chris Paul over Chris Paul too. Over Chris Paul. Yeah. But Wiggins was the guy in the starting lineup, and then coming starting as well. We'll say that he took Draymond's place in the starting lineup. I am surprised that Chris Paul did not, earn a start, but he still played 20 minutes off the bench, 12 points, 3 assists, 2 rebounds. I think you've got Chris Paul is gonna see a nice boost with Draymond out. Kevon Looney, a nice boost. He had 8, 7, and 5 last night in 26 minutes. Looney's had a lot of games where he hasn't even hasn't even topped 20 minutes. So I think we'll see him play 25, 26 minutes on a much more regular basis with Draymond out. And then Kamiga and and pods. Don't leave out Darius Sarge. She played well, during Green's last suspension. Didn't have a particularly notable game last night, but I think Sarge and his size, they're gonna need them with with with, green out. You know, one thing also about AirPods, I didn't put this in the notes. Sorry, Alex, but you also had 4 stocks. And Pods hustles on defense, which I'm sure the Warrior coaches have noticed. I think they're gonna like his, I don't know, active hands, and he's freaking out. He's always moving around excessively on defense. Four stocks last night if 3 steals 1 block. I like the stocks from pods, as far as debating your pickups here. Ken, let's, let's go to an upset victory. Yeah. Bulls upset the heat in Miami, 124, 116. Fantasy darling Kobe White with 26 points. Shot 4 of 11 from behind the arc. Eleven dimes. So he wasn't just gunning, and I love this. 0 turnovers. He had a Halliburton game. Double digit assists with 0 turnovers. DeRozan had 23 points. Ustovich had 24 points. Gentlemen, are there bulls better without Zach LaVine? There's they're 5 and 2 during LaVine's foot injury absence and have wins over the heat, Pelicans, and Bucks? They might be. I I mean, I it's just awesome that Kobe White is getting an opportunity. I think he's kind of been, underserved since he joined the NBA in terms of opportunities, being pigeonholed into a bench role. So it's good to see him get out there and do some stuff. Are they better without LaVine? I mean, I don't think LaVine was giving his best effort. Let's put it that way. And this is allowing them to go a little more defensive focused. You know, Kobe White is shooting. It's gonna pull back a little bit, but, you know, a little more Pat Williams, Caruso, Torrey Craig, Dasanu, like, those guys are all good defenders. Right? So they can kinda lean on Derozan Vucevic and and White and and lean some more defense and they could I mean, it was an upset victory against the heat, but the heat are also extremely shorthanded right now. Yeah. No, ma'am. No, ma'am. But, yeah, I mean, in terms of fantasy, Shannon, is there anything going on? Do you think in Chicago that we still need to act on, or is it just like, obviously, you have to roster Kobe White in every league? Pat Williams maybe still like it's soft ad and, like, 12 team leagues kind of a situation. Yeah. Yeah. Similar similar to past weeks when we discussed it. I mean, Alex Caruso would be an option, but he's been in and out of the lineup. Seems like every single game, even when he does play, he ends up leaving early because of injury. But you just, you know, again, I'm gonna lean heavily on minutes played starting lineup. Pat Williams, 32 minutes last night. Kobe White, 40 minutes. Kobe White's been an absolute beast for, you know, basically the past 2 weeks. And it's wild to me because even though like on the DFS side of it looking at Kobe White, I I'm I imagine Kobe what's what's Kobe White's roster percentage right now? It's gotta be in the eighties. Yeah. Let's confirm that while I'm talking. But on the DFS side, you know, with with Kobe White, he has been a walking 40, 45 fantasy points, hitting 50 some nights, and he hasn't topped out. He hasn't reached $8,000 salary yet on FanDuel or DraftKings. Like, he's been a must plug in the first option I've plugged into my lineup, the past 6, 7 days at anytime the Bulls are on the slate. And it's wild to me. He's always his his roster percentage is always very low, under 10%. I think he's probably around 7 or 8% on both sides last night. I I don't understand that. As long as he's below 8,000, I think he's a must start in DFS. He's managed an 81% of season long Yahoo leagues. Too low. Way too low. And, I gotta say, tip of the hat to DeSomo last night, shot 10 of 12. That won't happen every night. But 24 points, 8 boards, 5 assists, had a steal in there. It's not gonna happen every night, but, nice to see. A good call out, Ken, because I agree. I mean, he had 35 minutes that was largely due to Alex Caruso leaving the game after 5 minutes of action. But Desumu, you know, he had he pulled a a Tony Snell the other night, had zeros across the board despite playing, like, close to 30 minutes. That shouldn't deter folks. If you're in a deep enough league, especially if Alex Caruso does miss some more time, to Sumu is worth a flyer. He's gonna have some duds. He reminds me of, like, he's very much like a Terrence Mann type, option where he's gonna have just total duds for games, but pop off every once in a while and probably provide enough value, especially in, like, 4 game weeks for, for deeper 14, team leagues, maybe deep roster 12 teamers as well. Alex, take us to the news out of Utah. Yeah. This isn't, this isn't like breaking news, but we have Jordan Clarkson's out for 2 weeks in Utah, Keontae, George, also to be reevaluated after this road trip. He avoided a serious injury, got an MRI, but, it's still of concern that they were worried enough to get an MRI. Clearly, he was in pain, not feeling well. Somehow, the Jazz still get a decisive 122, 114 win over Portland. I say decisive because it was garbage time in the 4th. Should know Scoot Henderson went through a 20 and 10 game in a lot of that garbage time. Too straight for him. Too straight. Too straight. Out of the outings. So, marketing and Collins were also out this game. This was the first time all year Portland was favored in a basketball game, and yet they lost. We had Collin Sexton play 32 minutes, 27 points on 17 shots, 4 assists, 2 rebounds, and 1 steal. We had Taylor Horn Tucker, 23 points on 19 shots, 4 assists, 4 steals, 2 rebounds. Chris Dunn got in a little bit, 6 points at 5 assists, and Ochaya Baji, 16 points. We, again, we know Clarkson's out for 2 weeks. The Keontae George situation's a little iffy. I hesitate to to say Sexton and Taylor Horton Tucker and Don are, like, must add players because we don't know. I'll see it. Jackson's a must add. We'll get to that in the free agent picks. Alright. It's only taken a year and a half, but we've been due. It's due. We are due. It's sexy time. Breakout. That's that's settles it, everybody. I would say okay. So maybe the maybe maybe the better question is do you because people ask about this actually on on Nick and I's Monday pot a lot. Do you drop Keontae George? And I've been pretty firm. I don't think you drop Keontae George in 12 team leagues despite the shooting percentage struggles. I mean, I would drop him for Sexton, only because the field goal percentage from George has been consistently high 30%, and he sat the same in college. So I don't hoping that field goal percentage for George turns around, but I don't think it's gonna happen. I I think he's a hold. I a lot of folks held him prior to to his ascension to the starting lineup for the Jazz. You know? And even before the December 13th game against the Knicks when he left with that injury, he had his best game of the season, 44 fantasy points, 30 points, 7 assists, 3 rebounds, 5 3 pointers made, 5 for 9 from downtown. I'm holding them. You know, they the latest news is avoid serious injury. That's the headline. So, yeah, you have to miss him this weekend, but hopefully, he's back in short order next week. I I in the chat, Brooks Durham says he's holding on to George because he's already punting field goal percentage. Absolutely. That is the right call. So we try to we try to provide blanket advice. Right? But understand it depends on your league, what you're punting, what your build is, stuff like that. So that's a good note. Ken, let's go to the Spurs. Yeah. Zach Collins has gotten the boot out of the starting lineup so that Victor Owembanyana can play center in 3 games since Wembley started playing center. 22 points, 17 rebounds, 5 blocks, 3 assists, 1.3 steals, and 1.7 triples. He almost carried them to the win 2 nights ago. Shoot. Who was that? Was that against the Clippers? I can't remember. Lakers. Lakers. Yes. I was LA. Yes. Spurs though, as we just implied, have lost all those games still. In fact, they're on some kind of crazy losing streak. I don't know if they're in Pistons territory yet, but they gotta be close. And they've lost those 3 games by an average of almost 8 points. Wembley is now up to the 15th ranked player in 8 category leagues for total season stats. Meanwhile, fantasy darling Zach Collins with his bench time over those 3 games, averaging only 8 points, 5.3 rebounds, and, just under 19 minutes a game. Yeah. It's awesome we're seeing when Banyama play at least what I consider to be his true position, at center. Will they play Trae Jones at his true position and start at point guard? No. But, to me, this is bigger news for Collins. I mean Yeah. You know, who Yeah. He's been fine. I used to I would prefer to hold him in 12 team leagues because we know he's good per minute, but I understand if you are struggling in your league and this happens, like, you just you just need stats. I understand why I'm gonna drop Collins because I don't think they're going back to starting him. But No. If you're in a position to strengthen your league, I would prefer to hold Collins. I think the play here is if you're a Wembley manager to buy Collins now on the cheap to have him, handcuff Wembley because I still feel like that injury is coming. Anyway, that's that's my advice. It is tough. I I roster Collins in a few spots, you know, in our in our stake league. I have him. I believe that's 14 team league. 16. Right? 60. Yeah. 16. I'm keeping him there. I'm keeping him there. He's probably gonna be on my bench most weeks. But the, you know, most of the waiver wire options that we highlight on a weekly basis are not available in that week. So I'm gonna keep them there. But if it's a 10 or 12 teamer, especially with shallow benches and a 12 teamer, 10 team. Absolutely. Dump them off. Find a different top 1 20 piece. There's there's probably someone who's got some short term value that's worth streaming in. But even 12 teamers, if it's a short bench, I feel the same way. I think Zach Collins is disposable. Well said. Well said. Alex, tell us about our friends at Underdog. I would love to. Underdog fantasy. It's the number one fantasy platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. And I should note with that free 6 month rotor wire subscription, you will get access to our new picks page, which I don't have the link on me handy, but I think it's just roto wire.com/picks if I'm not mistaken. And that's a good way to access some nice, you know, if you're playing a pick them contest, do you see what the other books are doing over under? You gotta check the page out. It's it's awesome. Again, visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today, and use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. That's code r w n b a. Gentlemen, well, it's time for the fan feedback. Let's go to questions from the comments. I'm just gonna hit show on one here. I just traded away. Markkanen, Koosman, and Melton Koosman. For Sangoon and Tatum. Can you rate this trade? That's an interesting trade. I think I I think I'm good with the Sangoon Tatum side. I think that's a fine trade. You got the 2 best players in the deal. Markkanen's fantastic when he's healthy, but he hasn't done that this year. I think Utah is gonna be selling at some point. If marketing gets moved to a different team, especially if it's a contender, it's very unlikely that he'll be option 1 a for any team he gets traded to. Right? Like, even if it's a team like the Pistons, you know, let's just talk this into existence for a minute. Let's say the Pistons trade for marketing. I still put him as the number 2 option behind Kade in that scenario. So even if it's a struggling team or San Antonio, same thing. Right? Wembley would be option a. So I love Shangdon and Tatum. I think that side gets the 2 best players in the deal, and it frees up a roster spot for you where you can stream in a hot hot pickup each week. Did I say Kuzmin? Yeah. Kuzma. Sorry about that. A little panic there reading the notes. Yeah. Tatum, are you kidding me? Come on. Top 5 player never gets hurt? That's the trade. Alright. Next question. Is Caris Lavert a long term 10 team or 12 team ad? I'm okay with the idea of adding him in in twelves just because we know his upside when when Mitchell and Garland missed time. And also, you know, Cleveland's bench, I don't have a tongue of faith in in general. I think I think, Lavertz gonna continue to play 6 man minutes. I I don't know on a 10 team you need to add him because I think a lot of times there's guys off the waiver wire who are mostly doing the same stuff. So I it's fine for 12. Yeah. Anything to add, Shannon? No. I agree. I think he's a 12 teamer, much more than a 10 teamer. 10 teamers gotta be pretty deep rosters to to have LaVord in there. He's gonna pop off. Right? You know, in that bench role, especially when the Cavs are shorthanded with Garland or Mitchell missing time. You know, Mobley is out right now, which is part of the reasons why maybe LaVergue had a big game last night. But I don't think he's a must roster in 10 teamers. 12 probably. Alright. One last one, about the, about, news in Utah. If John Collins is getting traded, will Taylor Hendrix be a must add? I'm thinking elsewhere on that depth chart, but what do you guys think? I don't know if Hendrix will be a must add. I mean, if if John Collins or Markkanen, we should say, got traded, because I think both those guys are I I I don't know what their willingness to trade Collins is. But, yeah, I mean, I Wouldn't wouldn't, I'm gonna mispronounce this name, but wouldn't Fonticchio Fontencchio? That was the idea. Fonticchio. Techchio. Yeah. He's I mean, he's just not he's just not that good or interesting. Like, he's Kelly Olnick's like younger brother. It's play wise, stats wise. Yeah. Yeah. Look look, Ida, I would get personally this isn't exactly what you're asking, but I think in a way, it's like, hey. Is is Taylor Hendrix a stash? You know, if I'm on a 14 team league or something like that, do I try to stash Taylor Hendrix? I don't think you do, but I'm interested to see what you think, Shannon. I'm I'm gonna come up on the other side of that. In a 14 teamer, yes. I do think he's a stash in the likely because Collins, there's been a lot of trade buzz with Collins the last couple of days. So, you know, I I think it makes sense for Utah to trade him. I think that's one of the reasons why they acquired Collins. They thought it's a low cost acquisition that we're getting here. We'll see if it works. If it doesn't, we'll find a different destination for him. That's another guy. You know, let's talk it to into existence here. The Detroit Pistons should trade for Matt Collins. I'm okay with it. I need another big man? They need a big man who can put it on the floor a little bit and hit threes. I know what John Collins does, and I know that he does it better than Isaiah Stewart. So, yes, the answer is yes. They do need John Collins. So Hendrix but evaluating Hendrix, you know, he did get recalled from, the g league back in this on December 2nd. He's been in the rotation for the Jazz since then. So over the past 6 games, he's averaging 21 minutes off the bench, 6 points, 2.8 rebounds. He had 10 and 7 last night with a steal. I 2 for 5 from downtown, which might be might have been his one of his bigger question marks is can he stretch the floor this this soon in his career? I I'm a big fan of Hendrix. I like his, his potential on the defensive side to rack up stocks. 14 team, I think he's worth a stash. If Collins gets moved, I think he's worth a stash in 12 teamers. You know, all that said, if it if it comes to a point where he is put into the starting lineup at some point, then, yes, he's a must add. I might scoop up the clinic. I might go for a limbic if the trade is done there, but we we shall see. Sure. Alright, gentlemen. It's now time for the, the big money segment, the waiver wire section. Alex, take us there. Like you said, it is the big money segment. This is how this works. We each have 2 regular waiver wire picks that are rostered in less than 50% of leagues, and then one long shot pick roster in less than 25% of leagues. In terms of scheduling next week, not as busy as this week, but still only one team has 2 games, and that is the Phoenix Suns. So keep that in mind. Every other team obviously plays 3 or 4. My first suggestion for the waiver wire is Dante Exum, a name I thought I would never speak again in my entire life. How old do you think he is, by the way? How old do I think he is? Because I've looked this up because in my head, he's always, like, 19 years old. I'm not I'm not looking it up. He's 28? He is 28. Bam. Alex. Way to go. I honest to god, that was a complete shot in the dark. Yeah. So Kyrie Irving is in a walking boot after I look. That injury Kyrie suffered, we are he is lucky that that was not like seizing our career ending. That was crazy when Dwight Powell fell on him like that. But over the past 5 games, Axsome has been in the starting lineup, averaging 17 points, 5 assists, 5 rebounds, and a steal. Now he's shooting 59% from the field, and he's shooting 57% from 3. Those are going to come down. You know, like, for his career, he's like a 30% 3 point sugar in the NBA, but then last year, he's in Europe when he shot, like, 37, 38%. Now he's back in the league, and he's he's out of control shooting hot. But I'm not to Europe a boy, and he came back a man. He did. He actually gave a lot of weight. He's he's physically he's pretty imposing. He's a good defender as well. I think it's he I he's a good addition to their lineup. The Mavs are on a 4 game week. Right? So even if a shooting comes down a little bit, you're doing well. He can pass. He can defend. 42% roster on Yahoo. I don't know if I said that. I to me, he's gotta be an ad. We don't know how long Kyrie is out for. Yeah. I like that a lot. And frankly, they've been struggling to figure out who the wings should be on this team. Yeah. Why not exhume? He's playing out of his head. Love it. Who is who alright. Go ahead, Chad. I I do. With Axum, you know, the big question mark for me is what happens when Kyrie returns. So 5 straight starts, some of those with Kyrie, but Grant Williams was out for a little stretch there. Mhmm. Yet Derek Jones junior missed a game or 2. Last night, Derek Jones junior and Grant Williams both played. So you had actually played the 2. He had logged some minutes at the 3 as a starter previously. So what happens when Kyrie returns? Do they move Derek Jones junior or Grant Williams to the bench and keep Exum in the starting lineup? I think it's possible because he's been so damn good, but it is something to watch. He might only end up being a short term ad. Definitely worth an ad, though. Alright. Exum's a nice cute ad, but the big ad is the big sexy boys. Colin Sexton, we've only been preaching this for a year and a half, but it's finally happened. Finally happening. Sexton is just about to explode. He's 54% rostered on Yahoo, 32% on ESPN. As we mentioned in the news section, Clarkson's out for at least 2 weeks. Keontae George, we don't know yet. Waiting on that MRI results. He could be out for a while. Last night in Portland, Sexton got his 2nd start, in a row. 27 points, 2 rebounds, 4 assists. Hit 2 threes while shooting 11 of 17 from the field over 32 minutes. Great to see. We don't know which forwards are getting traded from this team. Whoever gets dealt will mean more shots for Sexton, but it's not just last night. Sexton over the last 7 games, almost 19 points over 4 assists while shooting over 54% from the field and a lead free throw shooting 94%. Utah has 4 games next week. So take the big sexy dive and give Colin Sexton a try, baby. I think that's a good note. Yeah. I mean, it's it's again, we all know about about George. He's worth an ad until we know. And even if he does come back, let's say 2 games into the week, Sexton should still do enough in those next two games with Clarkson out, to make it worth worth your while. Shannon, where are you going for your first waiver wire ad? Well, we we hinted at it previously, and and the you know, my first ad and my second ad are both gonna come from the Warriors. Brandon, Pogemski, AirPods, we were gonna recommend him as a pickup even before he was announced as a starter last night. Prior to last night's game, 5 games preceding that, he averaged 12.72 7.2 rebounds, 3 assists, 1 stock per game, 1.63 pointers, solid percentage well, solid field goal percentage, free throw. Only 33% over that stretch, but he's not taking many free throws at this stage of his career. So it's not gonna be too damaging. I love me some AirPods. I think he's an electric player. He's fun to watch. He fits the Warrior system well. I would not be surprised if he's even whether he's starting or not, you know, over those that 5 game stretch as a nonstarter, we're still seeing 28 minutes per. I think he's gonna see heavy minutes that 25 to 30 range, you know, even if he ends up coming off the bench again in the near future. He is worth a pickup in most 12 team leads, definitely in 14 team leads. He's rostered in about 30% of leagues, a little bit above that right now. Go scoop him up. Very nice, well rounded player like you mentioned. 14 points, 9 rebounds, 4 assists per 36. Also averaging a steal there about 0.9 fancy points per minute. So if he's getting 30 minutes, he's rostered in 12 team points leagues, as well as category leagues. I think his stocks are gonna be awesome. He's a super hustle defensive guy. Mhmm. My second waiver wire suggestion is my man, Tari Eason. I've been waiting so long to say this name. He is on you know, I really need to make, like, an Alex Berutho sort of, like, fantasy. I don't even know. Like, my guys because it's like He was the video cover guy at least once last season. At least once. I think it's just It's exciting for one of your guys to actually be good. I know. Tara Tara Eason, Naz Reed. Other guys along these lines are some of my favorites. Eason, 34% rostered, in Yahoo Leagues. The past two games, these are his totals. 43 points, 28 rebounds, 3 steals, 2 assists, and a block in 54 minutes. Look. We saw it last year, what he could do per minute. There's a reason people were drafting east end in the back end of probably their deeper league drafts this season, per 36 this year, he's averaging 16 and 13 with, 2 assists. I think it's 2 steals in a block or 2 blocks in a steal. I don't know why I didn't write down which was which. But Houston also plays 4 games this week. So if you have any concerns about his minutes, maybe he only plays 17 a game because a men's back and guys are healthy. I think you can still get value because, again, per minute, he's crazy. And with the upside of him playing closer to 25 minutes a game, to me, he's you just gotta ag them all. He's hot. Stop playing Jeff Green, Houston. He's a 110 years old. There is no future in Jeff Green. Stop it. Oh, man. Alright, Ken. Who's your second who's your second ad? Isaiah Hartenstein. Back up center for your New York Knicks. 45% rostered in Yahoo. Mitchell Robinson is out until early February. Now this happened last year, and last year they started Sims, but Hartenstein would always get more minutes. In the last 5 games, Hartenstein, a little over 6 points, but 9 rebounds and almost 1 and a half blocks while shooting 55% from the field. The Knicks have only, 3 games next week. This is more of a 2 center league. If you need a 3rd center for a few weeks, Harden sign probably limited upside, but, actually passes well for a center too. Anyway, I like him back up center in 2 center leagues. Yeah. Hartenstein absolutely worth a pickup in 12 deep 12 teamers, 14 teamers. Schaller formats, I'm staying away. We've all been waiting for the Hartenstein breakout forever. It's never going to happen like a true breakout from Hartenstein. You know, even last year when Mitch Rob was out, you know, what did the Knicks do? They brought in Taj Gibson. Guess who they just resigned? Taj Gibson. I wanna know. Can someone tell me what Taj was doing? What was Taj what was 38 year old Taj Gibson doing the last few months? I I I picture him in a suit selling insurance. What do you what do you think he's was, like, tending to a garden or something just, like, completely relaxed and We're just tomatoes. Yeah. Right. Hartenstein is another one of my guys who's who would be on my list. And, yeah, I don't know. I like to think of Tibbs showing up like in some in a Honda Civic with a giant Knicks sticker. I'm like, get in. I'll tell you what the guy who has, over $86,000,000 in career earnings was doing for the past, 6 months, not selling cars. Not a damn thing. Yeah. Enjoying life. Working his garden. Exactly. I understand it. Who's yours? 2nd pick. Yeah. As hinted at the another another warrior, Jonathan Kamiga, 21 year old forward for Golden State. Kuminga started playing very solid even before the Draymond suspension. In the previous 5 games, he had played 22 minutes off the bench, averaged 15 points, 5 rebounds, one stock, 58% from the floor, hitting 1.63 pointers. His 3 point shot definitely looks you know, it looks more true this year, especially in the last couple weeks, than it has in past seasons. I think this is the opportunity Kuminga needs. He's had he's had similar opportunities in the past, but the fact that he was already getting priority, minutes over Andrew Wiggins before Draymond Green suspension. Now he's in the starting lineup. I do like him better in points based leagues than rotisserie leagues. But if it's 12 teamer or deeper, I am scooping up Kuminga and hoping that he can seize this role and hold on to close to 30 minutes per night long term with these warriors. Could you see the warriors dealing Kaminga, Moody, maybe some picks to get either Collins or Markkanen? They Markkanen. I I could see that. Maybe. What they should do, if they're making a deal like that, they should just move on. It's time to hand over the reigns to the young guys in Curry. Get rid of Draymond. Get rid of Klay. But Warriors fans don't wanna hear that, and they're gonna think I'm crazy. Alright, Alex. Who's your long shot of the week? It's another one of my guys. Matisse Steibel. This is the opposite of the big next. Yeah. I'm sorry. If I put together an actual NBA roster, my guys, they'd win, well, more games than the Pistons, but still not very early games. Wendy Wendy has one more win than the Pistons. Alright? That's true. I don't wanna hear it. The savior has one more win than the Pistons. The Pistons, I if based on that measure alone, the Pistons are over performing. I'm surprised we don't get more comments. Stop talking about the Pistons. Yeah. Oh, you know, no one else is. So, you know, it's a it's a bit of a safe space. Let's get to your big not sexy pick for a long shot here. Yeah. Look. They only have 3 games next week. This is not really like a short term ad necessarily. Kent's falling asleep. This is more of a long term deeper league play because he's 19% rostered in, in Yahoo Leagues right now. But, look, last game is not a good example because he played 17 minutes because Portland got blown out, by a a Utah team. But over the past 2 weeks again. He's ranked 91st, and we know he's a we we know who Matisse Thybul is. He's hitting threes a little more this season. He's 3 point shooting. Actually, a 42% this year. He's hitting, a 3 and a half per game, but 1.5 steals, 0.7 stocks, and 24 magnets. He's playing more than that lately. He started the past 3 games. If you're in a 16 team league, you just have to roster him. I'm so I'm sorry to break it to everybody. You have to roster him. Well, you know, I'm embarrassed to say I have a pick almost as boring as yours, Alex. I also couldn't think of a fun long term pick, so I just went safe. With, Torrey and Prince of the Lakers, he's only managed in 13% of leagues. Lakers do have 4 games next week, unlike Tybalt's 3. And, hey. Last 3 games, almost 16 points, 4 rebounds, almost 5 triples, while shooting 59%. Look. Is he gonna stay that hot? No. Of course not. But he might for a few more games next week. Lakers have 4 if you need. If your roster's got too many 3 games, guys, or even a Phoenix sun on it, this might be the time to add just stream prints for a week or 2. Yeah. We we started the waiver wire section with some very sexy picks, literally. Yeah. Now we're, like, horse I'm gonna wrap it up with the complex. Yeah. The third the third non sexy option, Malachi Branham, San Antonio Spurs. He's part of that new look starting lineup for the Spurs. Branham has started 8 of the past 9 games, but he's picked up his production in the past 3. Over that, the latest three games, he is averaging 28 minutes, 14 points, 3 rebounds, 3 assists, and 1.33 pointers. I don't think Branham has much, upside, but he can help out in points, in 3 pointers, enough that he could be an option in 14 teamers and very deep 12 teamers. But I would not look at I would not even consider him in shallower 12 teamers or 10 team leads. I mean, I think he's gonna keep getting minutes because his defense has been really good. But fantasy wise, you know, we'll see. We shall see. Any drops? You guys wanna suggest any drops? I see some names here on the notes. Yeah. I mean, some of these names are guys that we we've had questions about in other streams. Interesting names. We talked about Zach Collins already. Shannon and I discussed that, but if you if you miss the first part of the show, I think he's a hold and probably 14 team or 16 team leagues. Twelves, if you're playing well, you can hold them. If not, I I understand if you wanna drop. Other two names, you know, Dillon Brooks is on here. We get questions about him. To me, he's a drop. I was I wrote an article early in the year. I think I think in, like, 3 articles, I was begging people to sell high. I'm like, you have to take literally any player that you can get back for Dillon Brooks from somebody else. But my question to you, Shannon, and this is a much more difficult question than the Dillon Brooks, Jalen Green. Are are we we're waiting. We're still waiting. Patiently waiting. Is it time to maybe drop him? No. I'm hold I'm holding green, at least for a little bit longer. The, you know, the the Rockets are just lucky. They have a lot of young players who are are showing out, and Greens had some struggles, but I am holding on to Green. I mean, he, you know, he just had a 47 Fantasy Point outing a couple weeks ago. He's in a little bit of a rough stretch shooting the last handful of games, but I expect that to bounce back. You know, the real question is, will he ever be more than a points guy, which I I questioned because he doesn't do anything over the past 5 games while his shot has been broke. He has 0 steals and 0 blocks as well. So, you know, and he's only averaging about 2 assists per game in that stretch. So if he's not scoring, is he gonna be doing other things? It's unlikely at this stage. Hopefully, that changes, but I do I am holding him. I have a different drop, despite being locked into the starting lineup and despite, you know, our audience, likely, desire to have us not talk about the Pistons. It's time. It is time to drop beef stew, Isaiah Stewart for the Pistons. The the Pistons have switched up their starting lineup some, and beef stew has moved to the starting 5. Jalen Duran's out. Marvin Begley's out. So that's part of the reason why they've done that. But I do believe that Stewart will not be long for the Pistons starting lineup. And even in his starts, you know, looking at the we'll we'll we'll we'll stretch it out and look at the past 8 games. He's averaging 8 points and 6.1 rebounds with half a stock, 0.4 steals, 0.1 blocks. He is not conducive. Who's arguing with Shannon on this? Who wears the pro beef, stupid? He's still he's still proctored in over 50% a week. That's great. I I feel and, like, he is locked into the starting lineup, and that's one of the biggest barometers for is this guy worthy of a starting lineup? Is he getting the minutes with beef stew? Yeah. He's getting the minutes. He's in the lineup, but he's not productive enough. And I do think this this team, you know, we might even see we might see James Wiseman enter the starting lineup at some point. But definitely when Duran returns, I think Stewart's out. He's gonna be a backup big man for this team, and you're gonna have a czar top. It's good news for czar Thompson. It's good news for Bogdanovic. Some of these other guys, I I expect the Pistons will go with a smaller lineup than they did previously when Duran or Begley were were healthy. Yeah. I'm sorry. What's that, Pete? What's that, Pete? Tell Shannon to stop talking about the Pistons. Yeah. I'll I'll get on that. Thank you. Let's go to Shannon's other real core strength, which is not necessary. In addition to Piston's talk, is his fabulous DFS advice. I don't wanna brag for Shannon, but I'm gonna he's been flashing us big money winnings lately. I don't know why he's shaking his head. He should be very proud of how well he's done lately. We got an 8 game slate tonight, Friday, December 15th. Gentlemen, dive into your DFS advice. Yeah. We don't, we don't have, like, as many major injuries as sometimes we do, but we gotta note AD and LeBron. Obviously, they're questionable. Bain's questionable. Jurgen Poole is questionable. Mark Williams is doubtful. And I just wanna note this Mark Williams thing. The Hornets love to use the doubtful tag when a guy is gonna be out like a month or 2 months. And they just waived Theo Maladon, a guard, and picked up a center off of the off of free agency. So just keep that in mind. Maybe a little Nick Richards off the waiver wire. We didn't mention his name. But if you're if you're trying to be a little sneaky and you're in a deep league, maybe a little Nick Richards see what's going on there. New fans of the show should know that Alex every day is updating all the injury news. So when he talks about a team's injury, behavior, he is the expert at rotor wire of teams not giving good info. Yeah. I hate the Hornets. Okay. Shannon, on this slate, where is where is the first place you turn? We can stick with Nick Richards, honestly. Okay. I mean, he you know, with with Williams out, Richards will be an option. He's been kind of frustrating on the DFS side, because not not a ton of production even in the most I mean, he started 2 or 3 games in a row now, maybe 4. And he and he's seen some minutes. Most recent game, you had PJ Washington leave early because of injury, and PJ Washington is questionable for night for tonight as well. So so that's something to keep an eye on. But in that game, without Williams and with Washington leaving early, Nick Richards played 40 minutes. If he if he sees anything close to that tonight, then he it'll be very hard for him not to return value for a DFS slate. He's at 54100 on DraftKings and, 54100 on FanDuel as well. It was nice. He gets blocks. He gets rebounds. It's kind of a a matter of is he gonna score enough, which he hasn't been doing a ton of, 6 points in each of the past two games. But at 54100, there is upside where, like, he's gonna put it all together, see 30 plus minutes, get a double double with a couple blocks, and provide solid value. So he he's one of my favorite big men to target for tonight's slate. Is there, is there anything you could tell us about this Pistons 70 Sixers game, Shannon, or is this just, is this just sad? Hey. Alright. I will risk my job to talk more Pistons. It's okay. I can do that. So I one of my one of my key DFS strategies over the past couple weeks where I've been on a nice little run has been targeting whoever the lead guard is or one of the lead guards against the Detroit Pistons. We mentioned this last week as well. You know, the the you look at past performances of lead guards or high scoring guards just going off against Pistons and racking up 50 or 60 Fantasy points. That continued earlier this week. I believe it was on Monday night when when Ben Ben Matherin had a giant game against the Pistons. Tonight, you've got Maxey going against Detroit. Maxey, this is actually his 2nd game in a row, that Philadelphia has gone against Detroit. And Maxey put up a dud last time earlier this week on Wednesday. He only had 26 fantasy points. Might have been his worst game of the season, but it's because they didn't really need him to do much, which is always a risk when you're playing targeting a player against the Pistons. Slowouts. But earlier this season, Maxey against the Pistons had 64 fantasy points. Yeah. One of his 2 or 3 biggest nights of the year. So I still like Maxey, and I actually like him as a low I think there's gonna be low ownership. There was on Wednesday. I don't think it's gonna go up, tonight because of the blowout potential, but Maxey could easily put together and have a giant game. He's under $9,000 on FanDuel right now, which is pretty affordable for him. Keeping with some of those, like, higher higher priced players, salary players, We talked about Wembley earlier. Wembley's just been on such an absolute tear, averaging over 60 points per game over his past 3. He plays the Lakers. He just had a big game against him. 70.6 Fantasy points. His price is going up. And AD not not a 100% healthy, right? Correct. Well, I mean, AD could get a night off. LeBron got the night off against him, against the Spurs earlier this week. I don't AD's had a questionable tag for like 6 years now. You know, basically, since he's joined the Lakers, so I don't whether he's healthy or not, I don't know. But I do like I like Victor, Wendy, even though he's going up in price. Another high priced option, triple j, triple hard j, Jaren Jackson junior. He is he is also been on a tear. Another big man just racking up blocks, treating Ken and I good in our NFC, NFBKC team. Back to back games with 40 or more points, that's not fantasy points, like, actual points. He had 41 points against Dallas, 44 against the Rockets. He he's got a rematch against the Rockets tonight. 89100 on FanDuel. Give me some give me some triple hard j. Obviously, like that more, Desmond Bane is out. Yes. Absolutely. You know, they funnel offense through Jaren Jackson a little bit more. Is there anything, Ken, that you can tell us about this the Celtics Magic game? Only that the Magic have won the last three games, against the Celtics ever since Eddie House called the Magic. So the about this time last year was 16th December last year. Magic upset Boston, I think, in Boston, and Eddie House postgame said, the Magic are still trash. And the Magic players actually said they saw that and motivates them for every other Celtic, game in there. Yeah. They've got a 4 game winning streak against the Celtics. Hey. Celtics played last night. Looked really good beating the Cavs twice, but, they, you know, they struggle with the high scoring forwards of the Magic. And, a little little curious to see how much Brown and Tatum are gonna have in the tank to play defense tonight against Wagner and, Pablo. So, I wouldn't mind investing, in some Magic forwards tonight, especially if the price is right. Yeah. Boston only 6 point home favorites on the 2nd night of a back to back despite not losing a home game all season. So that is interesting note. There do. One game, I don't think we've touched on, but it's You took on the massive over under? That's what I'm that's where I'm going. Yeah. There we go. 259 right now is the over under between Pacers at Wizards, and this is a game where Jorgen Poole is a game time call and probably the spread will move in the Wizards favor if he's out. I'm not I'm I'm not even really kidding. He has the worst advanced stats in the league by a mile, and he's obviously got terrible normal stats too. It's not anybody's shocked. Yeah. Are you are is this a game, Shannon, where, you know, you have your specific guys that you're targeting, right, that you just talked about? Is this a good game to just fill in? You know, you got a little extra money remaining. All the options kinda seem even, but it's like this game might go, you know, 125, 129. I just fill in, you know, a little Bruce Brown, a little Abdiya in my lineup. Yeah. I mean, it won. It's no surprise that the Pacers game is the highest over under in the night. That's going to be the case every single slate that they're involved in. They you know, as of Monday night, I forget I don't know I don't know what's happened since then, but they were they were the highest scoring team in NBA history on a per game basis, through through Monday night's game. And they play no defense as well. So you always know their opposing team is going to score, John. This could be the craziest Halliburton game except could be a blowout by the Q3, in which case they'd be smart to bench him. So that's the fear. Yeah. The the fear is the blowout potential, of course. And and with Halliburton, like, blowout potential with Halliburton is riskier than a guy like Maxey, in my opinion, because Halliburton on DraftKings, he he's the 2nd most expensive player on the slate. I mean, he costs $900 more, than Booker. 1200 more than Tatum. Over 24, 25100 more, 24100 more than Maxey. So, I mean, Halbert's obviously been great, but if I'm spending up on that, I'm just gonna go get Embiid or I'm gonna get Lucas. The game could be over midway in 3rd. Yes. Right? Yes. DJ McConnell coming out just to help finish the game. Yeah. I I think, allocating some of that salary gap to a guy like Wembley on tonight's slate makes more sense than it does Halliburton. But that's not to say there aren't players to target in that game. I mentioned Ben Maff earlier. He's still pretty affordable, really up and down, risky play because he's coming off the bench. You never know if he's gonna play 35 or 25 minutes or if the if the shot's falling that night. You know, he had 55 points against Pistons, 55 fantasy points against Pistons, followed that up with 15 fancy points. So there is risk there, but he's 6,000 on fan or on DraftKings, in that same range, a little bit cheaper on, 52 on FanDuel. One guy that you mentioned now that if he plays, I actually like him in this matchup. It's Jordan Poole because I feel like this is one of those games where you have the highest over under the night. You know, his team could easily score a 130. So, like, Ken's boy, Kuzmin, and Jordan Poole, both solid options. They're Gunners. You know, they're gonna be out there firing for tonight. With How about this though? If Poole's out, it could be monster minutes for the rookie. Bilal Kulabali, whose name I probably just pronounce, but he's had a nice little run the last 5. And he's probably only, he might be the only person on this roster we see 2 or 3 years now, on the Wizards. I could see him having a nice night. Yeah. 56100 on FanDuel. He's he's had some solid games. I agree. I think he he's a solid option as well. Let's, let's move on to Ken's old man rant since he has a heart out. He's meeting some older other old men for for brunch or something. I I don't I don't remember exactly what he said, but, I just thought you'd take it away. Argh. Starting January 11th, online sports betting will be legal here in little old Vermont. I'll confess. I'm a little torn about this. I'm already pretty disengaged from the rest of my family who all hate basketball. You had the possibility of having action on games, and we might have a real problem in this household. You know, losing a $100 on a wager is one thing. Losing a $100 and paying divorce attorneys is a whole another level of financial pain. Gentlemen, help me show some restraint. And Vermonters, please visit betvermont.com for all of green, gambling.com's free wagering promotions. Well, you know, this this rant reminds me of I saw on, on Twitter someone a financial analyst was on I don't know if it was CNBC or something talking about I think there was the DraftKings stock, and it had mentioned that young men are having less sex than ever and betting on sports more than ever. And she practically blamed it on I saw that. Yeah. Pistons Money Line Parlays directly. This pod causes less sex. Hey. No. I might be I might be able to prove that. Just Good news. Good news for us old men, Ken. We're still getting plenty of action. Thank you everybody, for joining us on the Roto Warrior Fantasy Basketball podcast. It is presented regrettably, I'm sure, by that MontPac underdog fantasy. Ken, take us out of here. Let's go back to Golden State where Draymond Green said this on December 6th to ESPN's Ramona Shelbourne. So December 6, 8 days ago. Hey. When I'm not on the floor, it hurts my team. So for me, it's going to be more about what do you have to do as a leader to save this team? You gotta put your ego aside. You gotta put your pride aside. You gotta put even in a sense, you as a human being aside, end quote. Draymond, talk is cheap. Attention, passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line.