Hello, friends, and welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast sponsored by underdog, vivid seats, and rival fantasy. It's Tuesday, October 24th. My special guest today is my former coworker at NBC, Noah Rubin. Let's do this. Noah, how we doing today? Doc, I'm doing great. It's a it's a good day when you have, I guess, 6 months of no regular season basketball, 4 months of no meaningful basketball, just a little bit of summer league and preseason sprinkled in. But, doc, it is opening night in the NBA. It doesn't get much better than that. It's sort of like fake opening night because there's only 2 games. And and Wednesday, I think everybody else is playing. So Wednesday is the big one when, you know, everybody who has a fantasy basketball team, like, almost their whole team will be in action. You'll have full lineups, lineup decisions to make. Tonight's just sort of the precursor to that where there's only 4 teams and action. The Lakers are at Denver at 7:30, and the sons are at Golden State at 10 o'clock. Those are both TNT games. So, if you have television, you should be able to watch NBA basketball tonight and the games actually matter. And you won't even have to use league pass. It'll be right there on your TV. It'll be great. We'll get to see Nikola Jokic not care that he won a trophy, but he'll get a ring and just kinda say cool guys, and then just go play some basketball. And then, Warriors' sons will be fun as well. A lot of, I mean, Kevin Durant against his old team, Chris Paul against his old team. No Bradley Beal. That is a little bit disappointing that he won't be playing, but it should still be a good game. That's sort of a bad Omen to the start of Bradley Beal season. If he can't even get out there for game 1 due to a back injury, sounds like he's not gonna play. And, Devin Booker, his son's teammate, is a game time decision with a toe injury. I think Booker's probably good to go. Sounds like you practiced, recently. I think it's just precautionary more than anything, but Beal is probably out. And for a team that's kind of favored to do really well in the west, they need these guys healthy if they're gonna be able to get that done. So do you have Bradley Beal shares anywhere? I think I have him in one league that I did. It was just a ESPN points league with some friends from college that I got Bradley Beal, like, 2 or 3 rounds later than he should have gone. I said, okay. I guess I kinda have to take him here, but not in any of my, not in most of my leagues. I don't. Yeah. I have 0, Brad Beal shares, and I I feel pretty good about that. Another guy now who who's gonna step up in Beal's place tonight? Is it Goodwin? Is it, who's the other one that I saw? Shoot. There's a I'm pulling it up right now to turn I know. I've got off. I got off the screen. It could be Eric Gordon. It could be Grayson Allen. Grayson Allen. Yeah. I think Grayson Allen is probably going to to play a lot tonight. I I have a feeling he's gonna do okay, but that's just a guess. We don't really know because we haven't seen these guys yet, but good one, Gordon, Grayson Allen. I I like Grayson Allen. Like, if I was gonna play FanDuel tonight, I'd probably probably take a flyer on Grayson Allen. He's he's gonna be super cheap. Now another injury update is that Draymond Green is probably not playing for the warriors. Yeah. And I guess that's another bad omen. Yeah. I think he's been, the past few weeks trying to be ready for this based on reports. But if he's not playing, then they'll probably have both Chris Paul and Kevon Looney starting. So Steve Kerr won't have to make that tough decision of who he's bringing off the bench, for at least one game, which is probably a a sigh of relief from him that he doesn't have to tell Chris Paul that he's on the bench or Draymond making Draymond start at center against, well, the Suns probably wouldn't have been the worst team to start Draymond at center against. But, he'll have to wait to make that decision, and Jonathan Kuminga will play a really big role off the bench. I'd imagine it with no Draymond. He had a really, really good preseason. Probably won't score as much as he did during the preseason because he won't just have that green light that he had when he was on the floor, but should still be a very effective option for them. Yeah. Kuminga is another guy, like, in DFS tonight. Draymond Green is officially out of that game. So Kuminga should have a good opportunity in game 1, but regardless of who's playing and who's not, basketball is here, and we could not be happier about that. No, I threw some, right. No, what's your what's your Twitter? What's your Twitter handle? It's at no, it is in 22. Yep. Yeah. So Noah's got a podcast called tank me later on the FBI network, and you should check that out. He spent a day with doctor a, which is me, last week, and we hung out in my family room and talked hoops for an hour. We also it was also some story time, storytelling. You can find that on on mine or Noah's Twitter feed. No. I put some polls out there on Twitter or x or whatever, last night that I thought were kinda interesting. I it felt like everybody was into Victor Wembanyama for the last year, and the whole race to see who was gonna get Wembanyama was was fun. But then after that 1st preseason game, I felt like a lot of people jumped off the Wimby bandwagon saying that he was too too skinny. He need he needed more weight on his body. He was gonna get broken in the NBA. He wasn't gonna play a full season for pop, yada yada yada, but he's been getting drafted sometimes at the end of round 1, almost always lately by the end of round 2. I've got them on a ton of teams just because I love drafting Willy Wonyama. I I put out there a poll. I said, Willyama, boom or bust. 91% of the 360 votes he got. People think he's gonna be a boom. 91%. I think, at his I don't know what his Yahoo ADP is right now, but for a while there, it was early 3rd round, mid 3rd round. And I think if you said boom from there, then cool. You just believe in him, that he's gonna have a really good year. I think that's not really in question. I think he is gonna have a phenomenal rookie season, especially for what we've seen from him during the preseason. But I did a draft last night and Adam King took him at 13. I don't really see how he booms from 13. I think it's, you know, that's probably his seal. I mean, that's 1st round value for a rookie. That doesn't happen very often. So for him to boom from early 2nd round or 1st round, not really there for me, but he could return that value. I don't really see him booming from there. But if you're getting him in round 3 or 4, which is kinda where he was going before the preseason, then you could say boom. But I think at this point where he's being drafted, I have to say bust, but not bust that he's gonna be horrible, but bust in the sense that he's probably gonna return 3rd or 4th round value because he's a rookie and he might struggle with a few things. Okay. Those are all fair points. I didn't specify fantasy, lingo or universe in that poll. Just like, is Wendy gonna live up to the hype, or is he gonna is pop gonna sit him, you know, 1 game a week and not let him play as much as we wanna see him play? I think people, including Wendy himself, think he's gonna be out there a lot more than maybe we initially thought. I I just think people are excited about Wenmejama and and wanna see him play and think he's gonna be really good. And, hopefully, he blocks a ton of shots this season so that I can win a jersey from you. I took Wimby against Walker Kessler, to lead the league in block to to lead in blocks this season. And, you know, 8 foot wingspan, he's flying all over the court. I'm I'm still feeling it. I'm not not upset by that, sure as he bet, even though Walker Kessler may look like a better option on paper. Another one I threw out there was Chet Chet Holmgren, boom or bust. 84.5% of the folks out there think that Chet is going to also be a boom. Only 15% are saying bust. And these guys, he's as skinny as Wenminyama is. He was out all last season with a foot injury, but he was going more like 4th, 5th round. It'll be easier for him to boom in Fantasy, I think, from from that slot than trying to have Wimby live up to the hype of being a late first, early second round pick. Definitely. You probably have to get him in round 3 now, but I think his ADP will probably be in round 4 or 5. If you did it a month ago, he probably would've been able to get him there. That's fine. But it seems maybe maybe that's just how it seems to me. But since their preseason matchup, you have to pick them at least around or 2 earlier just because of how much fun it was and how good they both were. I think that Chet and Wenby can both be producing around the same value. So getting Chet a couple rounds later, even if it does feel early at round 3 at this point, I feel better about Chet booming from his ADP than Wenby because I think that they're gonna have similar seasons. I think Wembley will be a little bit better, probably average a little bit more points. But Chet will probably be a little bit better on the glass because he'll be the starting center as opposed to Wembley being the power forward with Zach Collins down there. So similar seasons, 1 b probably a little bit better, but at their price, I gotta go check. And then 2 guys that I've become obsessed with. I was kinda late to the party here, but Kobe White, I think, is gonna start at point guard for the Bulls. He's looked really good in the preseason. He looks he looked good at the end of last season. I kinda think he's turned the corner and is gonna have a good year. You can get him super late in Fantasy drafts. I just took him in, my 30 team league yesterday, like, a 100 and 120th or a 100 and 25th, something like that. He's gonna start for that 30 team league. I put a Kobe White, boom or bust pull out there. 45% say boom, 55% say bust. What it what is your thought on, Kobe White? Yeah. It looks like he's gonna be the starter in Chicago. It wouldn't be shocking if Billy Donovan kind of switch things up as the season goes along, but it seems like he's gonna start from opening night. During the preseason, was able to score in double figures and 4 out of his 5 games, but scoring's never really been an issue for him. But he did have at least 3 assists in all of his games. And from able to do quick math off the top of my head, it looks like he averaged 4 assists per game, during the preseason despite only playing over 25 minutes once, averaged 2.8 assists per game last year. So if he can get that playmaking boost, I I have no problem taking him in the last few rounds. So I think probably round 11 is the sweet spot because any later is a bargain. That's great. But I don't know how much earlier I'm gonna take him than round 11 just because his he does have a history of not being great in category leagues. Seems like he's turned the corner, but it's it still is a little bit of a risky pick. But I, I do think he'll have a pretty solid season. Yeah. 11 to 12th round, I'm fine with Kobe White every time. And and if it doesn't work out, you drop him and pick up somebody else. Another guy I'm late to the party on that I I'm was about to mention was Jeremy Soehan for the Spurs. It looks like Trey Jones is kind of out right now, and and Soehan is is gonna play point forward for them, apparently. He's gonna be playing out there with Wemenyama, and, oh, Vassell Devon Vassell, who I love also. The Spurs are gonna be fun to watch on on league pass this season, I think. Definitely. Especially at point. So hands gonna be a lot of fun. Everybody in that lineup, I think, would be at least 6, oh, Kelton Johnson might be 65. Everybody's gonna be tall, and a and a tall point guard will be fun. Wenby's obviously gonna be a ton of fun. Sohan starting a point guard should give him a nice fantasy boost. I saw him the draft I did last night, I think he went 90, which was a bit early to me, but he could just totally pop off and be significantly better than that. So we'll see. As far as Trey Jones, I think it's interesting. A lot of people I've seen say drop him. Okay. He has no value now. He's not the starter. Well, he's still probably gonna play 25 minutes per game, which is, you know, less than he was before, but still play enough. He'll be the point guard when he's in the game. They're not gonna have him off the ball just because so hands in the game, and he's their quote, unquote point guard now. But also anytime anybody on the Spurs missed the game outside of maybe Zach Collins, they probably sub in a center. But Trae Jones would start, like, probably slide into the starting unit if any of 1 through 4 misses a game. So and he'll still be really effective in those games. I'm still rostering him, but I'm probably drafting him a couple rounds later than what he was going before, which I believe was round 9, so probably 11 or 12. But he'll still be a very solid option. He's not gonna boom, but he can he can be serviceable. Yeah. I feel like Trey Jones and Tyus Jones were both kind of getting drafted near each other and then trace kind of falling off and he's available later and tieuses ties looks like the better option. But anyway, that's some of the some of the stuff going on as we get ready for opening night. Noah Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for best ball and DFS player pick them contest. You don't try to underdog yet. New underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $500 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code rwnba. Promocode rwnba. Visitunderdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Noah, let's look at Wednesday night. 12 games, 24 teams in action. The Spurs are playing. The Thunder are playing. The Hawks, Pacers. Kobe White is playing with the Bulls. I'm really curious as to what this Mavericks lineup and rotation is gonna look like. I want to see if Luca plays. I want to see if Kyrie plays. I wanna see who those guys are gonna throw it to. We get Wendy and Chet. I mean, there's so much going on Wednesday. Y'all better get the league pass fired up and clear your clear your calendar from 7 PM till 2 AM. Yeah. It's gonna be a really fun night. You mentioned Dallas and San Antonio. Everybody saw the practice clips of Dallas having their trainers hold large. I don't even know what they were, but to make them look like Wembley and look like everybody's really long defenders closing out really tall just to help them get used to it because it it is kinda league altering bringing the 7 foot 4, 7 foot 5 guy in that can dribble and move really well. So it's, it's funny to see how teams are reacting to, having to match up with him for the first time. But Dallas' rotation is gonna be really interesting. His Kyrie played in their last preseason game. I would just assume that means he's available for opening night, but we'll see. Lucas, I think I read that he started practicing again, but we don't really know what that looks like for opening night. I would assume that if he's able to give it a go, he will, which hopefully that'll because that'll be fun. Luke and Kyrie versus Wendy. We'll we'll throw them to sell 1 b and Devon to sell just to, make it like 2 stars right there. So it should be a fun matchup for that opening night. Yeah. The opening night's just gonna be insane. I I can't I really can't wait for, for Wednesday. Thursday's fun because it's actually opening night. But but, I mean, Wednesday's fun because it's actually wait. Tuesday's fun because it's actually opening night, but Wednesday is gonna be the that's gonna be the big one. There we go. Are you having any post Fantasy draft regrets? Do you have guys that you have taken that you're you're kinda pushing the panic button on already? Not yet. I think, I'll probably maybe have some after the 1st week, but I don't think there's anybody that I'm that I've drafted so far that I'm like, man, that was well, there's probably are some that I say that was a bad pick, but I don't think there's anybody on my roster that I'm like, I really don't think they're gonna be good. I might drop them or try and look to trade them as quickly as I can. But that that'll all change. That will change within the 1st week. I wouldn't be surprised at all. The only guy I don't even think I have Luca in any leagues, but I think that would be a slight concern, but I'm not also regretting ever drafting Luka Doncic in a league. So Yeah. I'm I, I guess, Trae Jones would be one of my one of my guys that I'm I'm a little disappointed where I have him. But, really, most of my most of my drafts were all similar young guys with a lot of upside. Now there is an ESPN draft that I did know it. And I I look at this roster and I just just kinda shake my head that I was able to pull this off, but I got Anthony Edwards. I have Wimby. I have Chet. I have Jaren Jackson jr. Who I got in round 4. Oh my goodness. I I still can't really wrap my head around that. Points leak? And, no, it's not. There's only 10. There's only 10 teams, but it's categories. Around 4. So you're not I mean, that's the people on people on Twitter were like, what why is Jared Jackson Junior going in the 4th round? I mean, I've taken him as early as, you know, 12, 13, 14. So the fact that he fell that far, I I really don't understand him. But that team also has Josh Giddey. It has Jalen Williams. It has Devin Vassell, Andrew Wiggins, who I think is due for a big comeback this season. It's got Benedict Matherin. But, yeah, with my big man on that team, Jared Jackson Junior, Chet Holmgren, Victor Wembanyama, and Alperin Shingyun, I don't think it's possible for me not to win blocks, outright every every single night. Yeah. There's no reason for you to not, and it's crazy because you reach on when be in chat in round 23 to make sure you get your guys. So you're like, okay. Cool. I reached there. And then Jaren Jackson junior slips to you in round 4. Because I think if you would have said you got Jaren Jackson round 2, Wenby round 3, Chet round 4, it would have been, oh, that's great values. So it ended up working out really nicely for you. It fell into my lap, literally. So let's see. Wait. I got Chet in 4. I got Chet 4. I got Jared in at 28 in round 3. So A little bit more reasonable, but still really good value there. Still, I I Jared Jackson junior should not be there at the end of round 3 even if it's a 10 man league. So pretty excited about that, that team and that draft. That was, that was pretty fun. Okay. Let's see. Let's do this. NBA season is here as we've stated several times. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk dribble, and every hardpenny play of your favorite team live and in person. Because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today. Use promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vivid Seats. Experience it live. Noah, are there any guys, that you've fallen in love with at the last minute sort of like my Sohan and my my Kobe Weitz? Do you have any of those guys? It feels like I did, like, a month or 2 ago, and and they were all guys that was able to get late in drafts. And as more people or I guess as I've talked about them, more other people have talked about them, they've slowly risen up, so you're not able to get them quite as late. You know, Zach Collins is one of the 5 centers that I've been saying to get this year from between rounds, I guess, like 7 to 9. So really like him this year as kind of the defender for Victor Wembanyama. He'll be the guy that taken any hits than anybody puts out on 1 b, but also giving you good rebounds, a 3 per game of steel, a block, decent assist from the center spot. So I really like him this year. Saar Thompson should start Detroit. I like getting him around, pick a 100. Same thing with PJ Washington, who should start for Charlotte now. I did like getting Josh Richardson there for a little bit. I think he'll come off the bench, and it doesn't look like he'll play opening night. But, his best seasons were in Miami, so I still like taking him towards the end of the draft. And then my favorite late round, last round guy, which, again, starting to go around or 2 earlier now is Jalen Johnson. Had a really good preseason. Probably won't start, opening night, but has a chance to earn a starting role at some point or at least play a pretty big role off the bench. I think his versatility is something that Quin Snyder will really enjoy, and having a, a 4 that can dribble will be a new experience for the Hawks. Nice. Talk to me about this this dude on the Wizards that is suddenly a go to guy at the end of Fantasy Drafts. I'm not I'm really not sure I can even say his name, but I I'm I'm guessing I know who you're talking about. I'm guessing that you can. I was having to practice a little bit, but it's below coolie Bali. Bali. Yes. I need to work on saying that a little bit smoother, but I'm able to pronounce it from practice a little bit. But I think he had in 4 preseason games or in his first four. Maybe he played a 5th and I'm just not updated on my stats, but he had 10 steals in his first four preseason games, averaged. I mean, like, that's excuse me. Maybe it was 10 steals to 3 preseason games. It was a lot. He had a lot of steals. Didn't he wasn't great anywhere else, but his defense will get him on the floor. I mean, when you have Jordan Poole and Kyle Kuzma taking over the offense, nobody else is gonna get a chance to shoot, really. So having another defender out there in cool Cooley Bali to kinda take on the, opposing team's lead score, that'll get him on the floor. And then he can get seals. We've seen that. And he'll have an opportunity as a rookie to work through things offensively and improve as the season goes on. So from opening night, you're probably just getting steals, and you may have to deal with some struggles in other areas. But I think as the season progresses, he'll get better and better. And that's why I'm I also I'm glad you brought him up. I have enjoyed taking him in the last two rounds as well. Yeah. And, you know, I feel like he's gonna finally put the nail in Denny Avdija's whatever. Because Denis Abidija, you know, we've been waiting for, like, 3 years for him to do something, and now the, you know, the depth chart says that Koulibaly is gonna start in front of him, and you're gonna have a guy that's coming off that Washington bench like Delon Wright, Landry Shamet, Abdija, Danilo Gallinari. Washington is gonna be a disaster from a reality standpoint, but fantasy wise, a lot of people love Danny Gafford, and his ability to block shots from the center position this year. A lot of people's favorite last round pick is the guy we've just been talking about. You and I have a little jersey going on Jordan Poole's ability to score the basketball. He's gonna be a volume shooter. He's gonna be taking tons of shots, and Tyus Jones should be a very serviceable starting point guard for the Wizards. I mean, there's a lot to love about Washington from a from a fantasy standpoint. Another guy that that I've I've kind of been high on, taking him, you know, in the later rounds of drafts is Andrew Wiggins, and he he plays for the warriors where he we're gonna get to see him tonight. Missed a huge chunk of the last season with some personal issues. He also missed time with injuries. Didn't play in very many games. He's kind of a kind of a big disappointment last year. I just think he's poised and in the perfect position to bounce back, pretty strong this season. And and I look for him to have a big game tonight with no Draymond Green. Yeah. I agree. He's gonna have to play a larger role. I have no dream on means that I mean, somebody's gonna have to try and go out there and guard KD, and it's not gonna be Kevon Looney, and it's probably not gonna be Klay Thompson. So it's probably gonna be Andrew Wiggins. They're gonna need him to do a lot. He was awesome to start last season. And then I know I've talked about this on just about every podcast I've talked about him. Missed about a month due to an injury and illness, played a little bit, and then it wasn't really quite the same player, missed the final 2 months for personal reasons, and then wasn't quite the same in the playoffs. So I'm hoping he can get back to that player that he was to start last season when he was a top 25 guy in 9 cat leagues. I actually did it in my draft last night. Got him at 74, which was a tad early, but I was, picking from 2, and I knew he wasn't gonna get back around to me. And I'm a big believer in Andrew Wiggins this year, so probably a slight reach, but I I think that he'll be able to, return that level value, if not more. Yeah. Round 9 of that 10 man ESPN draft I was talking about is an interesting round because it went Klay Thompson, Jama rant, who's out for 25 games. Jabari Smith, Tobias Harris is possibly the most boring fantasy player, in the land. Jeremy Grant, who's also pretty boring. Keegan Murray. I love the upside there. Anthony Simons with no Dame should be fun. Andrew Wiggins. I got it 88, John Collins when it 89 and then Danny Gafford won at 90. So so that's, you know, between 80 90, there there's a lot of guys on that list that are, have a chance to to really do something, this season. What what are your thoughts on Ja? Did you did you take any flyers on Ja Morant, and and are you patient enough to be able to wait 25 games without being able to put him on the IR? No. I don't have him anywhere. I think other people were more ambitious than I was. I think getting him at I think I've seen him generally go kind of round 7. I would definitely take him round 8 or 9. But I don't really love him in 9 cat leagues when he's healthy or excuse me, not healthy, but when he's available. He's he's good, but he's not quite as good as he is in points leagues. And then missing the first 25 games, I just I'd rather in round 6 or 7, I feel like I like a lot of guys in that range as well. So I'd rather go with those guys, whether it be Devin Vassello's going earlier now, but he was a guy, Andrew Wiggins, Jeremy Grant, Anthony Simons. A lot of those centers that I like. We talked about Zach Collins, Daniel Gaffer, Jaylen Duran, Mark Williams. I'd rather go with a few of those guys. And then, generally, around 9 or 10 is when I start taking a little bit more risk, and that's where I would take a guy that suspended the first 25 games. I've if somebody else wants to take him earlier, that's fine. He is a very good player and is gonna give you plenty of points, rebounds, and assists, especially rebounds for a point guard. I just didn't end up getting him anywhere because he generally went before I was willing to take him. Same. I don't think I ended up with any job. Maybe maybe one league I did, but it was a mock, and and I don't have to worry about what I'm gonna do with him. We're not playing that one out. I'm looking at another guy that I kinda like in that Andrew Wiggins, area is Bruce Brown of the Indiana Pacers. I've been kinda kinda hyping him up. He's getting paid a lot of money to play for the Pacers. He's gonna be a strong veteran presence there. I I guess let me give you some names and tell me who you would take out of this out of this group. Trey Jones, Bruce Brown, Terry Rozier, Shaydon Sharp, or CJ McCollum? Honestly, I'd probably go Rozier first, and then it would be oh, goodness. We probably be Bruce Brown or CJ McCollum. Maybe depending on my build. If I'm not planning field goal percentage, that might be Bruce Brown first over Terry Rozier and CJ CJ McCollum with a punt field goal percentage. It would probably be those 2 ahead of Bruce Brown, and then Trae Jones and then Shaden Sharp, who I think should have a pretty sizable role with Portland and will be able to shoot a lot. But I don't really know. I think I I liked him a little bit, and then after hearing some other people talk about it, he'll score, and he'll probably hit some threes. But I don't really know what else what are the categories he's providing value in. I think he's fine in points leagues, but in category leagues, he he'll probably just be providing some points. And he may not even start if they want to, go with Matthijs Thibault to have at least somebody out there that's gonna focus on defense and not just focus on getting their own shot because everybody else in that starting lineup is like that. So I like his upside long term, but I think for this year, I don't really know how much he's providing. So he's last for me on that list. Wow. Yeah. I I like shade on quite a bit. I have him in a few leagues. I didn't get him in some. I took Bruce Brown in front of shade on Sharp in that that 10 man draft. If in game, dunking were a fantasy category. I think he'd probably go in like the 4th round, but it's not. And yeah. It'll be topping. And and you when you were describing shade on Sharpe as a a volume shooter, and what else does he do besides score some points? Sounds a lot like Jordan Poole to me. We'll see. I I can't wait to see what Jordan Poole does. He's either going to leave the league in scoring or he's gonna be a complete disaster bust. He can do both. Could go do both. He's got it in him to do both. Did you end up with any Ben Simmons? I, He's kinda become a a a popular, like, 10, 11, 12 round guy. I don't think I got him in it. I may have gotten him in some mocks. But by the time I started doing real drafts, he, was going significantly earlier. He, generally around pick a 100 now, sometimes even a tad earlier than that. When we did the, RotoWorld mock, I think we had, 11 analysts and then one guy from Twitter just because he needed to fill out a spot, and he took Ben Simmons at 72 or 73, and that was absurd. But, around pick a 100 is kinda where he's going. And, generally, I don't have builds that fit him great. So I haven't really ended up with Ben Simmons in many drafts, but I think he's gonna be much better this year. I still don't know, man. I I mean, I'll take him. I I've I've gone from never drafting Ben Simmons to, okay, fine. I'll take a flyer on him in round 12, and we'll we'll see what happens. I still don't trust him. I still don't still not really a believer, but it is it is interesting. Hey. I my thing I keep going back to is even if he does come out and do and say all the right things, he still can't shoot threes. He still can't shoot free throws. There's still holes in his game, but he does have that defensive mindset when he wants to and he's he can rack up, you know, points rebounds and and assists like nobody's business. So it'll be interesting to see, what Ben does, but, I I would not be surprised if if we end up dropping him at some point this season. I could see the I could see the wheels coming off and and things going sideways, so we shall find out. What else have we got here? Let's do this. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Byrd, Barkley versus Kevin McHale. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans the storylines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player matchup and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. It's NBA season you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in the next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own. Get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rotowire now and get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now before the 2 2023, 24 season tips off in about, what, 7 hours. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. See you in the arena. I'm gonna go check out rival fantasy. I have not been there yet. It sounds kinda fun. Sounds kinda fun. No. You got 3 bold predictions for me. Alright. First one is gonna be Trae Young, top 10, 9 cat player. I think playing under Quinn Snyder is gonna work wonders for him. Gonna be much better than he was, for Nate McMillan. Already talked about shooting more threes this year than he has over the past couple seasons. How he emphasized, shooting more midrange shots because they felt he was settling too much for deep threes. But Quin Snyder wants him to shoot threes, so I think he's gonna get back up, probably add at least a 3 per game. If not, set a new career high. I think it's 3.1. I can easily see him getting over that. And, hopefully, just Quin Snyder's offense will help him get some better looks. So field goal percentage will go back up. So, I mean, he was 11th, I think, was his best finish, which was 2 seasons ago. So I can see him getting back to that, and maybe even a little bit better now that he has probably the best coach of his career. Devin Vassell, top 50. In 9 cat, I think, I'm not probably gonna take him top 50, but I think he can return that level value. He's gonna be, probably the 2nd best player in San Antonio, obviously behind Wendy, who I think it would be, kinda risky to say anybody's gonna be better than him this year because he's already looked so good. But the sell's gonna score, hit threes. He's a pretty decent playmaker, underrated playmaker, can get defensive stats. He just gotta improve the field goal percentage a little bit, but I think having one be out there will help him with that. And a third bold prediction, does it have to be a fantasy prediction, or can it be a Nope. Then I'll roll with another one that I had, which was, both Orlando and Indiana are playing in the postseason this year. I think both teams have I don't remember the last time they each had their individual postseason appearances, but it's been a few years. I think they might both end up being play in teams, but I think both will be playing postseason basketball. Indiana is gonna be better, just for young guys getting more experience. Adding Bruce Brown, I think we talked about him. Gonna be a really good move to help them win games. He's a winning player. And then Orlando just has too much talent. I don't know if you saw, Patrick Beverly on a podcast say, oh, it's, I don't know why they have Paolo Banchero and Franz Wagner. You're talking about ESPN's top, 100. I don't know why they have them ranked so high. If they have 2 players in the top 50, then why don't they win games? And it it was just a dumb take because, 1, that's a prediction for this season. And 2, like, those guys are really, really good. They were a 500 team last year after a slow start. So they're gonna be playing in the postseason this year. They have way too much talent to not. If they don't, something is fundamentally wrong with that team. There will be changes made quickly. But I think both those teams will be playing in the postseason. Yeah. I agree with, with you, especially the Pacers. I'm kind of all in on the Pacers this year. I I actually am from Indianapolis. I have a Pacers baseball hat that I I actually probably should have put it on before we did this. But I I think they're gonna be good. I I love their mix of veterans and youth. And Tyrese Halliburton, he's one of those guys like SGA and Anthony Edwards where it just feels like he's about he's about ready to take off to another level that we haven't seen yet. And, you picked him to lead the league in assists. I'm with you on that. I made a mistake on my pick. I don't even know who who got taking in. I, oh, Trey Young. Atlanta. Yeah. I'm Trey Trey who your your bold predicting tray's gonna be good. So maybe maybe I'll be okay there, but I just think Halliburton is is can't miss in the assists. And I think the Pacers are not only gonna make the playoffs, I think they're gonna scare teams in the east. I think by the end of the season, teams are not gonna want to see the Pacers, come into their house. They're just they're just gonna be a good team. So, no. Before we wrap it up here, you're not in the 30 team league that I am in. I don't believe so. We do this every year. It's called 30 deep, and it's an insane draft. I had the 25th pick in that draft. Do you care to guess who I took at 25? It's a guy we've talked about quite a bit today. I mean, there's did Wendy get to you at 25? He did. Okay. So what I got Victor Wembina at 25, and I was fired up about it. And then I got De'Aaron Fox on the way back and then we flip the 3rd round. Yeah. So I got to pick early in the 3rd round and I got Austin Reeves. So I'm I was pretty happy with the start of that team into my my my full lineup, my starting lineup, we started point guard, shooting guard, small forward, power forward, center, a guard, a forward, and a utility player. So my starting lineup for the 30 team leagues, De'Aaron Fox, Kobe White, Jaden Hardy of Dallas, which if Luca and Kyrie are gonna not play as much as people think they are, Jaden Hardy could be kind of fun. Austin Reeves, Waminayama, Cam Thomas. Some people think he's gonna be a candidate for 6th man of the year in Brooklyn. I'm I'm not sure I'm one of those people. I got your guys, Zach Collins, as my starting center, which I'm pretty psyched about. And then Peyton Pritchard, red hot in the preseason is gonna be my, my utility guy. So I feel better about this 30:30 man team than I have one that I've drafted in a long time. I know 1 year. I had John Moran with my first pick and he immediately got hurt, went down with an ankle injury. Couple years ago. I had Zion. He didn't play. If your 1st round pick in the 30 team league is an absolute bust. You're done Like, your season's over before it even started. So none of that bears all that well for my man, Victor Wemenyama, but I don't think there is a doctorate curse on these guys. I think I just made some dumb picks those years. I fixed it. It got windy. There you go. Alright. Alright. Well, he's Noah Rubin. You can follow him on Twitter at Noah Rubin 22. I'm Steve Alexander, doctor a. We I will see you guys on Thursday with Rick Kamla right back here at 11 o'clock on the rotor wire fantasy hoops podcast. Thanks for joining us. Noah, have a great day, and thanks for being here, buddy. Yeah, doc. Absolutely. You do the same. Alright. We'll see y'all.