What's going on, everybody? It is Wednesday, March 20th. Welcome to the rotor wire fantasy basketball pod. Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz, back with you. You're in the midst, Brandon, of the fantasy basketball playoffs. We'll talk all about that. All the news coming out at Tuesday night. Give a little preview of Wednesday. No Giannis, by the way. We found that out way earlier than normal, Brandon. Big injury news for the Bucks. You will not play tonight. Telling me. Austin. Yeah. Well, we'll we'll get we'll get into your price picks, which we we had to, you know, add an addendum to after this Giannis news. 1st and foremost, however, we are brought to you fittingly by smart bracket. NCAA tournament, for real, starts tomorrow. I know we got some more play in games tonight, but the actual tournament itself begins on Thursday. Marsh Madness fans, before we dive into the bad news, we wanna loop you in on one of our sponsors supported intelligence. They've developed an AI tool called smart bracket that could really help when you're building your brackets this year. Think of smartbracket. Io as that one friend who always has the inside scoop saying thanks to something they call rapid recursive technology. It's like having a secret playbook for your March Madness picks, making your bracket a bit smarter while saving you a ton of time. If you love the game and your bracket could use a bit of an edge or a full on strategy overhaul, smartbracket. Io is worth a peek. It's fun. It's easy to use, and it leverages some brilliant AI technology. Might just give you those bragging rights you're after. With March Madness around the corner, a little extra insight never hurt. When selection Sunday starts, check out smartbracket. Io. Here's to enjoying the madness and making smarter choices along the way. Thank you. Supported intelligence. Alright, Braden. You know, I you you flashed me your your bracket just before we started recording. Did did you use any AI technology to fill that out? I can't say that I did, but I would assume that it would actually work out better than what I put together. Yeah. That's, you know, it's it's always sort of smoke and mirrors the way that you come up with this stuff every year. But I've I've a pretty consistent strategy with how I develop a bracket. I'm sure that we can Okay. We can get into that at some point on today's episode. Yes. Absolutely. We will. You know, luckily, we don't have a ton of major dues. You know, it feels like the last couple weeks every every week we've done this pod, it's been like, well, another major player is out for the year. Didn't have a ton of that last night. You know, we could talk a little bit about what we saw. Your Orlando Magic were in action and just complete decimation of the Charlotte Hornets, Brandon. I was I was all over Wendell Carter, points plus rebounds, and Franz Wagner points plus assists last night. Both those guys played well. They only played 24 minutes because Orlando, excuse me, led this game 67 to 32 at the half. Yeah. It was gonna take quite the, lack of effort in the Q3 that the Hornets did win, by the way. The Hornets outscored the Magic by 9 in the 3rd quarter. And but, I mean, the the Magic would have have completely fallen asleep at the wheel. They couldn't miss last night. Cole Anthony, it took him, like, 3 quarters to miss a shot. Paolo's making crazy passes all night while he was out there. I was also on his points plus assists. That was one of the prize picks that I handed out via rotor wire yesterday, and, you know, I got some flack for this. Yeah. This is the way that it works. I don't care. If I if I hit, I'll brag about it. If I don't, you control me. You're not gonna hurt my feelings. But there there was someone that said, oh, you know, Paolo, they hit me up and said, well, Paolo choked. Like, that's not at all what happened. Not all stat lines are created equal. He didn't come close to getting to over 27 and a half, which is what I thought he would get going in. It wasn't because he couldn't get there. It was because the coach wouldn't let him get there. He didn't play in the Q4 because they didn't need him. I was actually hoping at one point that Charlotte would make this a game. Let's see. Let's let's get the starters back out there. Let's get some urgency. There was none of that. Saw a lot of admiral Scofield and Caleb Houston last night. That is the the human white flag, that, coach Mosley will wave for his opponents. Yeah. I mean, the Magic, they played everybody. I think literally everybody who was eligible to play last night got into this game. They played 15 guys, according to the box score that I'm looking at. So, good for them. You know, Orlando continues to play well. They are a half game out now of the 4 seed in the eastern conference. They're they're only 2 and a half behind Cleveland, which will, you know, miss Donovan Mitchell for a couple more games at least, for the 3 seed, which is it's it's conceivable, Brandon. I I I I'd still you know, I don't know if this team finishing 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6, wherever. I don't know if that ultimately changes how I feel about their postseason ceiling. But, you know, getting a home playoff series for a team that has not had anything close to that in a very long time would be massive. You know, tomorrow night, they have a really fun game against the New Orleans Pelicans. They they play the Pelicans twice over the next couple of weeks. New Orleans is as hot as anybody right now. They they have taken advantage of a relatively soft schedule, but, I mean, they're beaten up on teams, man. They're top 5 in net rating. The defense has been significantly better. There's a report over the weekend that Zion has apparently lost £25 since the season tournament. Yeah. I mean, he he had a huge dunk last night. I think it was Najee Marshall cut. Who kinda threw him an alley oop. But, I mean, it looked it looked like old Zion. Right? It was kinda designed that we thought we'd see more frequently in the NBA. Pels win easily last night. This was another semi blowout situation. I was very concerned about my Zion over 30 and a half points plus rebounds. For some reason, they put him back in late when they were, like, up 17. And, you know, he's able to tack on a a few more there, but this was a game that New Orleans controlled from start to finish. Basically felt like it was over at halftime, and, you know, they're now 104 since the all star break and, you know, are in pretty good shape here to avoid any concerns about falling into the play in zone. None. Ironically enough, one of the only teams in the league with a better record than them since the all star break is the Orlando magic. So you kinda have this, yeah, it feels like, like a mini Super Bowl of up and coming young talented teams that's going on. It's like a lion's Texas matchup. You know, it kind of is. Exactly. Where you go, wait. Weren't these these teams have been bad for a really long time, but I I sense that something is changing. Curious to see to see how the magic stack up with them. Love what I'm seeing from the Pelicans right now, and we kinda knew this. So they in order for them to hit their upside, Zion had to become some version of what you expected coming out of Duke. And I would say that what the guy that he is right now is exactly that. This is what you thought you were gonna get. If it there were those that were hyping him up like he was gonna be the next LeBron. Anybody who knows what they're talking about wasn't framing it that way. He's got a big star power, quality about him, where maybe he can become marketable in that sort of way. He's not that sort of player. Much more in line with, like, a Charles Barkley. But hell, if you turn into Charles Barkley, he's one of the top 50 players all the time. So you're still talking about, one of the greatest that ever laced him up, not the 2nd greatest that ever laced him up. So I think that there was some overhyping that went on with Zion, but for the folks that watched him at Duke and kind of understood what he could bring to an NBA game, That version of of Zion is exactly what we're getting right now. It's making for some really entertaining basketball, and I can't wait to see them in the arena tomorrow night. My concern with the magic is that they've been great since the all star break. They're 17 and 5 in their last 22 games. They have been beating up on bad competition. They had one of the toughest schedules in the league leading up to the all star break. Since then, it has been a cakewalk. Now, Nick, you know all you can do is take care of the schedule in front of you, and they're obliterating some of these teams. That's right. So how do they stack up? Since the all star break, they've played 7 teams that are above 500. They're 34 in those games. So something to consider. Yeah. That was something we talked about coming out of the break. Right? Was that Orlando had by far the easiest remaining schedule in the NBA. They have knocked out a lot of those games already. They're they now, as of today, have the 12th hardest schedule in the NBA going forward. They still play Milwaukee twice. They got the Clippers twice. They play the Hells twice. The Kings, the the Sixers technically, you know, count as a tough opponent right now, but we'll see. Do you have Joel Embiid is there for that game? In all likelihood, he won't be. And then they they still have a a few cupcakes as well. You know, I was I was all over that Jamal Mosley, 50 to 1 to win coach of the year coming out of the break. I don't know if we're gonna get there. He's he's down to 30 to 1 at DraftKings. He's 20 to 1 at BetMGM and 21 to 1 at Vandal. But Mark Degnall start to pull away a little bit here. He's separating himself, you know, from Missoula, and and Chris Finch has actually fallen behind Joe Missoula in the odds. Joe Missoula is not winning this award. It's just it's not gonna happen. I I really don't see that being the case. I know Boston's running away with the Eastern Conference number 1 c, but this this that would not feel right. I don't think people are gonna vote for him, but Dagnold's almost minus 400 now at DK. I I don't really know why you you can't give Joe Mazula the credit that he deserves. The the Boston Celtics are hovering around 80% win rate. If you look at the history of the NBA, the teams that have been in that range, are some of the greatest teams in the history of the NBA. So I don't think that we should breeze past him as quickly. I am also obviously in the camp of Jamal Mosley needs to be in this discussion. But the problem with with Mosley is that you can't say Jamal Mosley should be the coach of the year and then not then just turn around and give it to Mark Dagenault because what he's doing is pretty much exactly what Jamal Mosley is doing just at a better level. So if you're gonna give it to 1, you kinda have to give it to the guy that's winning more games. My only case for Mosley over Gagnon would be the injury situation. I think Yeah. The Oklahoma City thunder have been pretty healthy squad over the course of the year. Yes. He has not had to deal with a lot of lineup management. Jamal Mosley, that's not necessarily the case. Certainly not the case for JB Bickerstaff in Cleveland. So some of these other coaches that have done, what about Tom Thibodeau and all the injuries the Knicks have had to overcome? So if you're gonna give coaches credit for that, then that that's my only knock against Dagenault is that he's he's had an easy road, but he's got young guys that he has as the number one seed in the western conference. So I can only poke so many holes. He probably should win the award. You know, I'm I'm ultimately fine with it. I I just I I think Jamal Mosley more so embodies the spirit of of what this award is, and we'll see. Maybe, you know, if they they finish strong here and Orlando gets the 3 seed in the east, I I don't think this is completely decided yet. But No. You are right on on Missoula. You know, typically, you know, I'm just looking at the last 15 years or so here in terms of who's won coach of the year. You know, Monty Williams won it for the Suns a few years ago, and they won 64 games. Bud won it for a 60 win Bucks team. Obviously, Steve Kerr when the warriors won 73 like that. When you're far and away the best team in your conference and in the NBA and, you know, you have the best record by several games, that that often does lead to coach of the year. It's just, you know, every time you talk to somebody or or you read somebody who covers the Celtics, it's like they're they're still criticizing Joe Missoula. Like, it feels like they're winning in spite of Missoula, the way that people talk about it. So I I just don't think the narrative is there in the way that it typically is for a team that's this good. But you're you're gonna be in the mix by default when you have that many wins. Great point by you, on OKC, by the way. I looked this up the other day, for the the Roadwire NBA show, which you can conveniently hear on NBA radio 7 to 7:30 PM EST tonight. The thunder have lost 11 total games in their starting lineup. 11. SGA has missed one game. Chet Holmgren has missed 0 games. Jalen Williams is responsible for 7 of those 11. Lew Dort has missed 2, and Giddey has missed 1. I mean, that's as healthy as you could possibly be. This is like Sacramento Kings stuff. Exactly. So and and that's where I'm I'm a little bit hesitant to buy all the way in come playoff time because they might be the Sacramento kings of this year where they just rip through the regular season. They look like they've taken this huge leap, then all of a sudden, they have to play in a phone booth, and they're not nearly as impressive. I I think consistency, availability, these sort of things, and wanting it. You know, they're a young team that doesn't know any better. I'm experiencing that with the magic. They don't the reason why they blow bad teams out is because they don't take anybody lightly. Good teams know better. I don't need to give max effort against the hornets. I'll wait until 2 nights from now when I'm playing against, the suns, you know, and and teams like the thunder and the magic don't think like that because they this is their first taste of winning, so they're addicted to it. So, you you know, you're getting some of that. What does that look like come playoff time? But in terms of coach of the year, kinda hard to look away from what OKC has done, and they deserve some sort of recognition. Doesn't look like SGA is gonna win the MVP, but I like him to at least, to to at least put his best foot forward to try and win that award. So, that's why I wanted the picks tonight, by the way, over 31 and a half points for shay Gilgeous Alexander against the atrocious atrocious Utah Jazz defense. Just hope that the blowout doesn't come too early in that one. Well, that's the thing. We need we need Utah to keep this somewhat respectable. And, you know, as of as of the the stream right now, we know for sure Markkanen's out. We know Clarkson's out. I would guess John Collins probably doesn't play, just for for safety purposes, after what happened to him earlier this week. He is questionable right now. Fuck. Did not did not have a concussion, thankfully, but, dealing with still some, I think some PTSD. It might be the first ever, questionable PTSD designation in NBA history. But if they don't have him, man, I mean, yeah, you got Walker Kessler, but they don't love playing in big minutes anyway. I think that one could get a little bit out of hand, but nonetheless, I mean, SGA, you know, getting to somewhere between 3034 points every single night, has been a pretty safe bet. I was, you know, I was looking at that game as, you know, do we do we trust OKC to cover you know, I gotta look at what the line's at right now, but late last night when I was looking into it, it was at 14. OKC's been pretty good in these spots. Like, Sacramento, for example, I was looking this up the other day. They're they're double digit favorites tonight at Toronto. I believe the Kings are 1 in 7 ATS as a double digit favorite this season. Like, you just you just stay away. They went they went into overtime with Memphis the other night as a double digit favorite. Like, that's that's one that I just stay away from. OKC 97 ATS this season as a double digit favorite, and that line is now up to 15 as we speak. Utah's been pretty frisky, but almost exclusively at home. They are 10, 17, and 1 as a road dog this season. That's against the spread, and they're 22 and 13 ATS at home, OKC 19 and 10 ATS as a home favorite. So a lot of the trends would would point to this being, you know, a a potential pullout situation for the thunder. Yeah. I it's it's okay c or nothing for me with, there's no way I would lay my money on Utah, especially with all of the the injuries and uncertainty with their lineup, but I can't play that. Once the line gets past, like, 12, I'm out. You have you have officially priced me out of the equation. You just see too much goofiness at the end of games. You know, if and and it can work in in a variety of ways. Either the game is closer than you expect and you kinda know going into the Q4, there's no way you're covering that number. Or the game gets so out of hand so early that you've got backups that are playing, and all of a sudden, it becomes a g league game, and you get a backdoor cover. I would I would take OKC if I had to bet this game, but as I often like to remind people, you don't have to bet every game on the board. I would stay away from OKC minus 15a half. That's that's just your opinion. That's my opinion. Some would say that you do have to bet every game on the board. You know? You you wanna you wanna diversify as much as you can. Alright. Let's hit a couple questions from the chat. Keep these coming in, guys. We'll hit them throughout the show. Christian says, good morning, fellas. Good morning, Christian. I lost Giannis today for my playoff matchup in a points league. Brutal. Thoughts on Luke Cornett to replace him for my center spot. The only spot I have available to fill is center. Okay. Well, you know, going from Giannis to Luke Cornett, you know, we'll see if he can match that production. So Boston, they've been kinda doing a rotation, it feels like, of of kind of rest and, you know, load management over the last week or so. I my guess, you know, with a 10 game lead in the east as that continues down the stretch, they don't have anybody officially ruled out for tonight yet, but Drew Holiday and Jaylen Brown are both questionable. Sam Houser, tweaked his ankle the other night. He's also questionable. You know, it's it's not a back to back, so we expect Porzingis and Horford to be available. That worries me a little bit as far as Cornette goes, but, you know, you're you're kinda backed into a corner here. You need a center. You know, Cornett, even in games when Porzingis and Horford have been active, he's still he's still been solid. Right? I mean, I I think in this situation, you kinda have to go in expecting the worst, which, you know, could be 2 points, 1 rebound, 1 assist like he had against Phoenix the other night. It could be 14 points and 6 rebounds, especially if this does turn into a blowout in favor of Boston with no Giannis. Maybe you get some production out of him in the second half. But, I I think the other side of this, Brandon, would be looking at tonight's slate and assuming you have the option to maybe swap in somebody else who might be available and is center eligible, you know, would there be anybody else out there? You know, I was gonna say, you know, Taylor Hendrix comes to mind as somebody who could step up for Utah. I don't think he's center eligible in most leagues. He's probably probably forward only. You know, if Kelly is is still floating out there, which he probably isn't, you know, that could be a good spot. Yeah. It's it's it's tough, man. I mean, you could you could try to snatch up one of the Portland guys, but they play the Clippers. I wouldn't say that's a good matchup. Like, you might you might just kinda have to eat this one. I mean, there's there's really no replacing Giannis even if it's just one game. Of course not. I mean, the good thing about Luke Cornette is that, you know, at least in terms of his point total, he is pretty consistent over the last couple of weeks where he is gonna give you a good outing after a bad outing. He had 4 points in his last game. So then if I'm following the recent trends of Luke Cornett, he's good for double digit points. He did have 10 rebounds in that last game, but, you know, in terms of just a full stat sheet, which is what you're getting from the Greek freak who's irreplaceable, he's had 14 and 6, 12 then 2, 14 then 4. So it's a little bit of a seesaw, and a seesaw may spring in your direction here tonight. Yeah. I mean, again, I will caution that Boston's been without you know, it feels like 1 to 3 of their key guys every night over the last couple of weeks. So, you know, there is a little bit of noise in in that sample, but, something to keep an eye on there. The other the other thing to monitor throughout the day is, again, assuming you can make this move at some point before tip-off is Bam is now questionable for Miami tonight. You know, so if he were if he were to sit out, you know, it could be could be a Thomas Bryant night because Kevin Love is already out. Jovic is also questionable. So I would I would, you know, kinda see how the news develops throughout the day and and maybe a, you know, better streaming option arises. But, you know, as you've kind of implied here, you're you're likely scraped at the bottom of the barrel. Matt says, what's up, guys? Would you drop Herb Jones for any of the following players on waivers? Walker Kessler, Taylor Hendrix, TJ McConnell, Malik Beasley, and c Martin. That could be Cody or Caleb. I I'm gonna assume it's Caleb. Head to head points league, Matt is in the quarterfinals of his playoffs. So would you drop Herb Jones for any of those guys? I do like TJ McConnell. He's pretty consistent as it comes for what you're looking for here in terms of a replacement. I feel like Herb Jones, a lot of his value in terms of on the basketball court comes with what he does on defense. How much of that translates to what you need in fantasy. I think I like McConnell a little bit more, but those would be my favorite too of the list that you have here. So, if you're sort of waffling on it, I would just hang on to Herb Jones. Yeah. I mean, the points league is what makes it a little tougher because, you know, so much of Herb's value is derived defensively. And, yeah, those that still gets you points in a points league, but it's not as singularly valuable. You're kind of just looking for total fantasy points, of course. Hendrix to me is is a little bit interesting. I think you're still gonna have to live with the down games. You know? Like, yeah, that that disaster game against Atlanta where he's 1 of 7 from the field still gave you 10 boards. Like, the rebounding floor for him, I think, is gonna continue to be pretty high. He's been blocking shots lately. Depends what happens with with marketing. You know? Did I I kinda thought 3 days ago that he was maybe shut down for the year, then he comes back. Now he's out again. Like, chances are he probably misses, what, at least half of their games the rest of the way. And if that's the case, I think there is gonna be some opportunity here for Taylor Hendrix. When it comes to Malik Beasley in a points league, not that excited about him. You know, it's it's really just points and threes for him. And and, again, much like Herb Jones, you know, those threes are helping you a lot more when they're helping you win a single category instead of just contributing to total fantasy points. And then Matt has clarified that it is in fact Caleb Martin. I I like Caleb Martin for tonight, especially if Jimmy Butler doesn't play. Going forward, you know, he's he's somebody who has a a relatively low ceiling, but has played a lot better of late. You know, you look at the last 10 games for Caleb Martin, 13 points, 5 and a half rebounds, 2 assists, and almost 2 combined steals and blocks per game. So he's, on average, probably giving you similar, if not slightly better production than Herb Jones. So, a lot to consider there. Your your final answer is just hold on to Herb? Yeah. I mean, I think it's close enough to where I'm not making a move unless I feel like I have to, and I love the way this Pelicans team is playing right now. He's part of the reason why. So let's press forward with, the guy on the team that's on a heater right now. Alright. Alright. Mister a, not doctor a. Mister a says, do I drop Avdia and Tobias Harris to get in on streamers like Banton, Michich, maybe Jaden Ivy? Interesting question here. Yeah. I mean, Washington, I mean, they're they're down bad. We know that. And now they're dealing with injuries that may or may not be real. Avia missed his 3rd straight game yesterday. They play again tomorrow against Sacramento. They play Saturday against Toronto. You know, if you're looking at the schedule, they only have they only have one more back to back. I'm not really sure that even matters at this point. I I think they're just kinda trying to get a look at the Patrick Baldwins and the Johnny Davises of the world. Davis was horrendous last night in his first start of the year, by the way. So, yeah, the the Avia ride may be over. I think he's he's kind of in, like, a marketing situation to me. I, you know, getting a chance to see live last night in person, he looked like the best player on the floor for the, Charlotte Hornets, at least the most consistent. I love what I see from Brandon Miller, but he's still got a lot of room to grow. But it doesn't look like LaMelo is coming back anytime soon. I don't even know if he's coming back at all. So yeah. I mean, I don't think I don't think he's coming back, man. I know we've we've talked about this for, like, 2 months now, so it just feels like we're we're beating a dead horse. But, I mean, Charlotte has, what, 13 games left? I mean, do do we do we really expect him to pull a Desmond Bane here? I I just don't. So I saw him last night warming up on the court, and all he was doing was shooting free throws. It just doesn't look like somebody you know, I've seen this where you you can see in the pregame when teams try and ramp guys up to action. I did not get that vibe from watching LaMelo Ball out on the floor last night before last night's game tipped off. I like the way Mises plays. I think you should definitely add him, drop. Tobias Harris, I'm a little bit more hesitant on because I like what he's giving you. He can go off any night in terms of scoring, and he's probably the most consistent rebounder on the team right now. So I'm not looking to move off of him for those other options. Yeah. I I think Harris is dealing with the legit injury. And, like, Philly, you know, Philly is in a complete opposite situation. Like, the Wizards have the worst record in the NBA. They're all but locked in to a a, you know, top 4 lottery odds, pick here. Whereas Philly Philly's a half game up on Indy to avoid the play. You know? And they're one game up on Miami. Like, they Philly has a ton to play for. Like, if Tobias Harris was healthy, he would be playing. So I'm I'm a lot more worried about Avdia and the Wizards, you know, taking it easy with him than I would be Tobias Harris and the sixers. So, yeah, I I I think if you're gonna drop one of them to me, it would it would have to be Avdia. Paul says, week 22, Trey Mann or Jalen Suggs. I just dropped Suggs for Trey Mann because I have a bye week this week, but Suggs stats yesterday are making me regret that move. What did I tell you guy? I told you guys this on the podcast last week. You know, when I talk magic basketball, I've got it on lock over here. Okay? Watch this team every night. You don't drop Jalen Suggs before an 8 game home stand. That was a bad idea. This is his time to shine because they've got another week ahead of this. So, yes, I think Jalen Suggs is the answer. He's a completely different player inside the walls of that building. So much swag, so much enthusiasm. He gets the crowd going, and he feeds off of that. When he goes on the road, he's he's a he he's a different kinda guy, but at home, definitely someone that can fill up the stat sheet. Okay. Well, let me ask you this. We're talking next week. So the week that starts Monday, what's that? 25th, if my math is correct here. Orlando plays 3 games. Charlotte plays 4 games. Does that change the calculus? I I don't think it does. I'm not convinced that Trey man is gonna give you the the sort of consistency. Like, what he gave you last night, the the it's just not good enough. Like, he's gotta score in order to be valuable because he's not gonna light up the the defensive stats like you're gonna get from Jaylen. He's at he's at 1.7 steals per game since he became a starter. You know? I mean, he's he's he's basically he's he's had multiple steals in, like, 3 quarters of these games. He's not he's not giving you anything in terms of blocks, of course. Right. But he's giving you assists. He's rebounds really well for a size. You're right that the scoring upside isn't really there, but I think you could make the same case for Suggs. Like, I I'll say this. I'll I'll disagree. I think if it were me and I have the option to start 1 or the other, I'm I'm just gonna go with a 4 game guy. So and and so you're right. I mean, the you you look back at some of his last few games. He had 4 steals just the other night. He's had a pair in most of the games that he's played, so probably unfair to criticize him on that. I still think that you're you're getting with with Suggs on a team that is now utilizing him as a starting point guard is just it provides a little bit more stability and I think more upside. And his 3 point shooting has been phenomenal. That is not the case for Trey Mann, who's shooting 28% over his last 10 games. Jalen Suggs has got is is up to 40% this year from 3 point range. So I I just I like Suggs a little bit more right now. The the 4 game spread that you talk about, you know, it makes me hesitate a little bit. I like Trey Mann, but they've got other guys that they wanna give looks to on that team too. I'm just not over the moon with what I saw from this guy last night, so perhaps I'm a little bit sour because of recency bias. Alright. Good question from Andrew. He says, I'm in a bit of a pickle. Pickle. Okay. You've come to the right place. I'm in a total points league, and I'm up on my opponent by a 175. I wanna make sure I'm in a position to win. Is Miles Bridges droppable for a streamer spot this week? So I assume we're looking at the rest of this week if if you're in a daily moves league. So let me let me pull up the old schedule here for the remainder of the week. Charlotte is Charlotte's a 2 game team this week. So they've already played their one of their 2 games that was last night against Orlando off Wednesday, off Thursday, off Friday. They play at Atlanta on Saturday. So, yeah, I mean, you're in a good spot here. You're up big, but, you know, still relatively early in the week. I think, you know, if you're in the finals, if this is it, then yes. Absolutely. I would worry about dropping him and then regretting not having him for a 4 game week next week. But if if you're just worried about, you know, kind of padding your lead for this week, then absolutely. Because I I think you have you have a ton of options as far as guys who play 3 more games the rest of this week. Right? I mean, there's like 10 to 15 teams that that play, you know, some combination of Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Sunday. So, you know, you're not just looking at like, oh, 2 or 3 teams that I have to choose from. Like, you should be able to find, you know, somebody decent. You're not gonna find anybody who's miles bridges caliber, of course, but, you know, 3 games of a significantly lesser player is still gonna be better than 1 of Miles Bridges. So my initial answer would be depends if you want them or need them for next week. I'm I'm not throwing him back out on the waiver wire. So, I mean, it's definitely something you could do if you're trying to win this matchup, but I also saw the same individual, Andrew, followed up and said it's just round 1. You've got more rounds to win here. So I'm not getting rid of what would be one of my best fantasy assets, just so I can further pad a a matchup that it looks like you're good anyway. I don't think it's worth the risk. Okay. Yeah. And and like you said, it is just round 1. So it's it's tough. I mean, it you know, a 2 game week in the fantasy playoffs, it's just brutal. But, you know, if you were if you were down 175, then maybe I would say, yeah. You you gotta you gotta just to win this matchup, survive in advance, deal with it later. But, yeah, if you're up by 175, like, you should hopefully be able to ride it out because you're gonna want him for those 4 games next week. Matt says, would you drop Naz Reed for Trace Jackson Davis in a points league? He's in his finals in this league, and he used one of his 4 ads on Naz Reed on Monday. So if you drop him for Trace Jackson Davis, looking at the schedule for Minnesota, they are in a 4 game week, but they've already played 2 of their 4 games. They play Friday against Cleveland, not a great matchup, and then Sunday against Golden State. Meanwhile, the warriors play 3 more games. So they play Memphis tonight, Indy on Friday, Minnesota on Sunday. And I think it comes down to exactly that. One of the reasons why I would think and and we don't know this, but the the Timberwolves have played a lot of games in not a lot of days. I would not be surprised if they gave a break to a couple of their bigs and allowed Nas Reed a little bit more room to run. So he could end up and we don't know that that's gonna happen, so that sort of thought process could backfire. But Trace Jackson Davis feels like the right move here, but I also wouldn't be surprised if Nasrid had a really strong finish to the week. Well, it yeah. Part of it depends on Gobert. You know, obviously, Nasrid has kind of gone off these last few games with with Towns out. And, you know, when Gobert's out, it just becomes super obvious. And and if Gobert's back, you know, you're looking at a lower ceiling for him. So, yeah, it's the it's the 2 games versus 3 games debate. And if you're in the finals this week, you know, you don't really have to worry about anything after that. I think, yeah, I think I'd take the 3 games out of Trace Jackson Davis. Last 5 games for him, by the way, 12 and a half points, 7 and a half boards, 2 and a half assists, and 1.8 blocks. So, you know, Nazarid definitely has more night to night upside, but I I the difference between these guys lately hasn't been massive. So I I would take the extra game, with with Trace Jackson Davis. Let's see here. What else do we have? Well, Matt Matt also said he's he's worried that Naz Reed might not play at all. That is true. You know, he's dealing with a a head injury, was questionable, did not play last night. So that's that that, you know, if you're still waffling on it, that probably breaks the tie, not knowing his status right now. Alright. The nomad says, who should I pick up of this list? Chris Paul, Kian Ellis, or Peyton Pritchard? Boy, that's a who's who right there. The fantasy stardom. Great future hall of famers. No doubt. I think one of them might make it. Peyton Pritchard. No. I think I would I think I would go the the Peyton Pritchard route, and I like that they, it looks like they have an easier road tonight against the Milwaukee bucks. So that should be, the kind of game where maybe he gets more run. Mhmm. I'm not blown away by the other 2. Yeah. I mean, Kean Ellis, I think, is on this list because of what he's done defensively lately. I mean, he had 5 blocks against against Memphis the other night, but that is a team that if you listen to the the road and wire NBA show on NBA radio, you know, the grizzlies get blocked all the time. We're always targeting those those props. He's been getting a lot of steals as well, but that's kinda it. Like, if he's not giving you elite defensive production, it's gonna be pretty shaky. And if we're talking rest of the week, yeah. Sacramento does play 3 more games. So does golden state, you know, and and so does Boston, assuming Pritchard plays at all those. So schedule doesn't necessarily come into play here. I, if if you could if you could guarantee me that, like, you know, Drew Holiday or Derrick White or Jaylen Brown, you know, miss at least 1 or 2 games the rest of the week, which they very well could. I I think Pritchard would make some sense here, but my my default is still Chris Paul. I I think he's gonna give you the highest floor if that's what you're looking for. Yeah. I mean, the the this golden state team is, you know, they're starting to find their stride a little bit and having Chris Ball back and active, part of the rotation has certainly helped in that regard. Just looking at what he's been able to produce, as of late, a last game, 14 points, 4 assists, 4 rebounds, a steal. You know, that that's kinda what you're getting from Chris Paul right now, but that's kinda what you're gonna get from all these guys. So, that it's it's, it's a crappy Baskin Robbins. I'm gonna go with Peyton Pritchard. Okay. There we have it. Flavor. Alright. Christopher says, do you have any insight on Giannis? Is this serious? Are they resting him, back to back? I'm pulling my hair out. There's blood. There's blood from Christopher. I don't have any hair because of Giannis. Well, I'll I'll tell you this. So it is a back to back, and it's a it's a road home back to back. So they play at Boston tonight. They're home for Brooklyn tomorrow. I will be in the house for that one, by the way, Brandon. Wow. Take take advantage of some suspiciously cheap tickets. Like, Bucks tickets, you know, they're not hard to come by, but they're expensive. Like, it's it's night and day. Used to be able to go to a Bucks game in college. We would, you know, drive for Madison, pay $5 to to go see the Bucks, you know, take on the Wizards or whoever it was. It's it's pricey now to get into Pfizer for them, but I I think the whole answer is You're telling me Nick Whalen of rotawire.com cannot get into this building for free? I I I can and I have, but I'm going with some friends. You know? I can't I can't get everybody Alright. Media access. But, you know, I I wanna go it's good to go as a civilian sometimes to these games and not be mobbed by everybody, you know, to not have to, like, go take the underground tunnel to get in. You you just you know, you know how that goes. Yeah. But tickets are super cheap on Thursday, partially, I think, because it's the Nets and it's like, you know, nobody cares. And number 2, because of the NCAA tournament. I think everybody wants to be home watching that. So I'm hoping Giannis plays on Thursday. I don't think it's overly serious. I mean, I'm I'm a little surprised that he like, he didn't even make the trip to Boston. I saw a tweet late last night that Buck's Twitter, he was spotted at a Milwaukee movie theater, with his with one of his kids last night. So he's up in he's moving around. You know, he looked he looked fine. He was in his usual Nike, you know, tech fit sweatshirt that he seems to be wearing at all times. My guess is they're just being extra cautious here with the hamstring. Obviously, he had the Achilles thing, you know, a couple of weeks ago. Not totally out of the question that he could play Thursday, but that's also a game that Milwaukee could probably win without him. And they, you know, they have a home stand coming up here at 3 games. So my guess is he's, you know, probably back Sunday against OKC. Brutal for fantasy, but wouldn't really worry about it too much long term. Alright. We'll add a couple more here. I know we'll we'll talk about some Yahoo MVPs on the year and then get your your final NCAA tournament thoughts before we bounce out of here. Can I ask you a quick question about the Milwaukee bucks before we move on? Do you think that it's possible that they don't care if they have the 2 or the 3 seed that they look at the eastern conference and go, what the hell is the difference with all of these teams? Well, I think I think the only difference would be when you play Boston. Right? I think you want the 2 in theory, so that's the eastern conference finals matchup. Right? But if it's I don't think they're pushing for it at the expense of Giannis' health. Yeah. Yeah. But it just feels like they're prefer the 2 seed. I don't think they're gonna go out of their way to not get the 2 seed. There's only so many games left. Like, if you want it, go get it. You know? Yeah. And and now is the time to take advantage. So it it does feel like they're letting their foot off the gas a little bit. But, anyway, move on. Perhaps. Perhaps. Alright. Nomad says, should we drop Duncan Robinson? He's been ruled out tonight, with a back injury. I mean, hard to say how much time he misses. I don't really wanna speculate too much there. They play Friday Sunday, so he's got 2 more opportunities to play. They do only have a 3 game week next week. I mean, he's been playing really well. He's giving you, you know, high volume threes as you'd expect. He'd have other injuries, so that's helped. I you know, if if you're just looking at, like, the rest of this week and you're in a daily moves league, knowing that he's out tonight already and knowing that there are all these other 3 game options, yeah, I'm I'm probably okay with that. You know? We're like, he's not a Miles Bridges caliber guy where you're, like, gonna regret not having him next week, especially on a 3 game week. Exactly. You know, the the type of stat line that Miles Bridges is giving you cannot be replaced on the waiver wire. Duncan Robinson is the exact stat line that you can replace on the waiver wire. So the second you feel like you need to swap a a position out like that, that type of player, they've got no issue doing it. I don't think you're gonna miss out because of it. Alright. Last one quickly. Azer. I think I'm pronouncing that correctly. Hopefully, it says any insights on Drew and Jalen? Unfortunately, no. They're they're both questionable. Like we said earlier, Boston has been doing this kind of rolling rotation where it feels like 1 or 2 of their top 7 guys are out every single night. I think I mean, they're up 10 games in the east. I think they're just trying to build in some load management here. But, you know, this you know, tonight is is a TV game. So I do wonder if they're you know, is there any like, are they allowed to to sit multiple guys like that? I'm not really sure. I think they could get away with with sitting Drew and Jalen. I don't think they could sit Jalen and and then Tatum tonight. But no. I no idea what to expect here. I I would expect one of them to not play at least just because that's how Boston's handled it over the last couple of weeks, but we don't we don't have any insider info there. These good teams, they get so squirrelly. And I have you seen anybody has anybody been penalized yet for that new rule that you can't set up with guys on TV? Well and that's a honestly, it's a good thing that that has not come up all year. I remember when that when that first came out, you're like, oh my god. The Clippers are gonna be screwed. The Lakers, it's like it just hasn't been a problem. Like, that there there's been some other issues with this NBA season. You know, the the scoring obviously got out of hand for a while, and now that's under control. But, you know, health wise, load management wise, it just really hasn't been an issue. I think it has, but I think we're so used to it at this point, and everybody knew that this was never actually gonna be a rule that went into effect. And the way that they laid it out, it's not just 2 players that are good on your roster. It's 2 all stars or all NBA guys. And even the best teams don't have that. You know, that that that's a that's that's a lot of high caliber talent to have on your roster. So I think that some teams have been able to skirt by because they go, well, he's not he wasn't an all star, so it doesn't count. Well, this is a a good seg, to talk about the MVPs of the season. I just dropped the link, in the in the chat here. Yahoo has a great page. They do this for for football and baseball as well. I love looking at this. It's the the players who are most frequently rostered on the 500 best public league teams on Yahoo. And number 2 on that list, Brandon, would not have expected this. Kawhi Leonard is on 23.4 percent of the 500 best fantasy basketball teams on Yahoo this season, partially because he has just not missed that much time. Unsurprisingly, SGA, we said earlier, I believe has missed one game on the year. He's at almost 30%, which is crazy high. Derek White, 22%, Chet Holmgren, 19%, Jokic, Jalen Johnson, Brook Lopez, Miles Bridges, a little bit surprising, and Tobias Harris. Those are your your top ten fantasy MVPs. Again, those are the players most frequently rostered on the best fantasy basketball teams. Any of those jump out to you for one reason or another? Derek White jumps out to me because he's been living on the top of that list all season long. So credit to you out there if you got Derek White, because this is not a new, this is is not a new revelation for us. Kawhi Leonard certainly does stand out because I think it's pretty I like they're the ones that are obvious to me are the ones that stand out. Why is there inherent value across fantasy rosters across the country in the world? Well, that's because Kawhi Leonard is one of the top players in the NBA, yet you all got him on a discount because nobody expected him to be available as much as he's been available. So now that he has been, he's at the top of that list. SGA, I mean, you look for a full stat sheet in fantasy basketball. There's nobody that delivers that quite like quite like Shai Gilgeous Alexander does. I'm surprised by Miles Bridges and Tobias Harris. I that's where like, some of them are obvious. You go, okay. That makes perfect sense, and I can find the correlation. I don't know what the correlation of Harris and Bridges is. I I well, what you have to remember with Bridges is there is a suspension. Right? And there's all this, like, coming into the air. Like, is he even gonna play? Is he gonna be on the roster? So, you know, a lot of this is where do you rank now versus your ADP? And, you know, keep in mind, like, you can you can have Derrick White on your team. And if you, you know, if you drafted terribly around him, it doesn't matter. You're not gonna clock in as as one of the top 500 teams. But, yeah, obviously, it's a huge advantage. You know, you get Derek White. I'm looking at his ADP right now. In Yahoo leagues, he was going on average with the 84th pick. He is currently the 17th best fantasy player in 9 category leagues this year, total value. So, you know, not missing time is maybe the biggest factor of all year. And and Miles Bridges, you know, comes in quite a bit lower. Like you said, it doesn't feel like he's having some sort of all time season, but he's the 60th ranked player in terms of total value. And, you know, he was going in like the 1 twenties in a lot of leagues. So he still made a huge jump, in terms of value versus ADP. Same thing with Jalen Johnson. No surprise to see him on this list. And, you know, not only is Chet Holmgren the 4th, you know, most valuable by the metric fantasy player, but Jalen Williams is also in the top 15th. So, you know, another guy who's beat his ADP by a pretty good margin partially because he's he's missed almost no time. So not not a surprise to me to see 3 OKC guys in the top 15. And I know and there's a strategy to take from that because they were a team that I think people expected to improve, but they've taken a bigger leap than the consensus thought. So if you if you buy into a team in that preseason process and say they're gonna go from bad to really good or from good to best in their conference, load up on those players. I don't think it's a coincidence that you have multiple players from that same team that have, that are at the top of an MVP list like this. One thing that does surprise me, your guy who you are confident will be your number one I know where this is going. Next year. Where's Victor Wimbanyama? Oh, he's in the forties of overall fantasy m v what the so I wanna try and word this properly. Yeah. It's tough to work. It's not overall fantasy value. It is the, the the amount the percentage of rosters that are, that are winning keys to success. Right? I am not nailing this right now, but you get what I'm trying to say. Victor Wominayama on 10% of winning rosters in fantasy basketball, it's a lot lower than I would thought would have thought. Is that just because we were sort of overdrafting him? But yet it's not an overdraft because he's delivered and then some. So I'm a little bit confused as to what how he falls so far down the list. I I thought the same thing, and I was gonna bring that up as well. I mean, I guess the argument is that he was going in the 2nd round, if not higher, in most drafts. So, like, yeah, he he ranks 6th right now in terms of total value in 9 cat. But in Yahoo leagues, he was going pick 23 on average. So he's he's, you know, he's beating his ADP. He's having an insane year, but he's not beating it by 60 spots in the same way that Miles Bridges is. Right? Yeah. You know, he's beating it by, like, 15 spots, which is still nice. But there there's, you know, there's less wiggle room, I think, when you're taking somebody inside the first two rounds. But, you know, just the advantage the advantage that he gives you defensively and, you know, a lot of Yahoo leagues are points league, so maybe that mitigates it, a little bit as well. But, yeah, I was surprised to see him so far down the list. Jalen Duran, you know, he's at almost 12%. To sumu's at almost 12%. That makes sense. James Harden, you know, ranks fairly high. You know, you kinda forget how late he was going, you know, especially if you were doing a draft right before the season started. I mean, this feels like years ago now where we're like, is he even gonna play this year? Is he gonna sit out? You got a pretty good value on James Harden if you took him in the fifties did in a couple leagues. Daniel Gafford's on the list. Dante DiVincenzo's on the list. That all makes sense. Tyus Jones as well. I mean, you forget how bad Tyus Jones was the 1st month of the season. We were all panicking. He turned out to be just fine. But, yeah, go check out that page. We linked it in the chat. Really interesting stuff. I would like to see, like, a Yahoo LVPs. You know, it's like, who are who are the guys free rostered on the 500 worst teams? I could come up with a list. I know Jordan Poole would be on it. Just upload my rosters. Jordan Poole, Scoot Henderson. Who else do we got? Shaden Sharp. Yeah. I can come up with an LVP list. Yeah. Well, I'm looking at ADP stuff now, you know, based on Yahoo. It's like who not that many first round your first and second round picks ended up being, like, total bust. LaMelo Ball has gotta be up there. Right? LaMelo for sure. Yeah. Of 12. But, yeah, I mean, even Embiid, it's like, yeah, obviously, you've you've been backtracking on Embiid for the last month plus, but he was so so good early on that I don't think he looked back and regret that. You know, McCall Bridges was going really high in in underdog best balls. He was going oftentimes early 2nd round. Yeah. That's kind of been a disaster. Jack Jackson, you. Oh, yeah. But people were all excited about him. I think Paolo Bencaro probably a little bit overdrafted. He's been he's been a good it's it's the real life to fantasy translation that doesn't always Yeah. It's not always a seamless fit. I don't think he's been great for the fantasy aspect of things. And, yeah, I mean, those are some of the names that really stand out. Are there any Rockets guys? Because we're kinda in Jalen Green maybe. Yeah. I I do think He's not killing you. Yeah. I mean, he was going, like, in the eighties in Yahoo Leagues. Right now, he ranks 115. So, yeah, it hasn't been a hasn't been a positive ROI, but it hasn't been, like, a complete disaster. And he's starting to make a little bit of hay here. Alright. Before we get out here, I want to do this quickly. Yep. NCAA tournament talk. I I know you're you're a jack of all trades. You're you're involved in the NCAA tournament as much as you are any other sport. I'm very nervous for Wisconsin having to play a 31 win James Madison team on Friday. I am glad that we got the, like, latest possible time slot, 8:40 PM CST tip-off. That's exactly what we want. The boys are gonna be getting together. We're gonna be at the bar. It's gonna be fun. What what team do you attach yourself to for this tournament? Are are there any any regions you're particularly keeping an eye on? Any upsets that you like? Yeah, I know we'll talk more about this on on XM, later today, but just wanna get your your general thoughts and, you know, just anything you wanna say about the NCAA tournament before we head out. Yeah. I, I think you can't be too narrow minded in your approach to filling out a bracket. You you want you want teams that are hot going in. You also don't want teams that have peaked too soon. So trying to sort of find that balance. And so for me, I've done that with a cup what really my national championship matchup, if I can kinda fast forward to the end, is Auburn. I love the way that they played in the SEC tournament. I was on Florida plus the points in that SEC championship game, and I learned a little something about what Bruce Pearl's team is made of. That is a team that is built to compete in the NCAA tournament. And if you look at their Ken Palm rankings, if you look at their, defensive stats over the course of the season, they kinda track, like, kind of, like, Yukon did last year, a 4 seed that all of a sudden became a force empowered their way through. The issue is for them, and it would also be the issue for Yukon, is that the east is is so tough Brutal. To make it out of. But that and it's hard to win back to back championships, which is why I booted Yukon out. We haven't seen that since the gators did it in 2007. The other side of the equation for me is Houston, who is the opposite end of the spectrum. They deliver on all of the metrics that you want, defensive rating, Ken Palm, yada yada. They've been one of the best teams in the country all year. They got smacked in their conference championship game. I kinda like that. I like that they got their loss out of the way. So it's 2 different sort of philosophies and thinking about how these teams make it through, but I think you have to get a little bit wacky in order to fill out your bracket. In terms of upsets, I do have GMU beating Wisconsin. It's my favorite 12 over 5. You have to pick 1. It's an annual tradition unlike any other. I think Charleston makes it past Alabama, but my biggest Cinderella this year is McNeese State coached by Will Wade out of the Southland. You got if you have not taken the time to do this, go and watch this team's highlights. They could be like dunk city this year. They go up against Gonzaga, who is a little over seated in that first round, then they would probably get a beat up Kansas without McCullough. I like them to get pat, and then they would get Purdue, and Purdue always fails. So I it was like as I was making the bracket, I'm like, I just keep pushing this little Cinderella through, but that's how it happens. That's my tournament breakdown. It's funny that you say McNeese State because that that's how they've always been to us. Right? But it it's now just McNeese, Apparently they're just going by McNeese. They've drove the street. Yeah. Yeah. But like, you know, growing up, they were always McNeese State. Yeah. They're like the random team you would try to take to a national title on college hoops to K5. I think they might even been in some of the NCAA football video games when they included the the then 1 double a teams. Other the thing that I I like to keep an eye on, of course, in the NCAA tournament is is NBA draft implications. It's just not a great tournament for that. It's really not. You know, we'll we'll have a few guys who will go in the lottery. It's like the Kentucky guys, Reed Shepherd, Rob Dillingham, specifically. They could both be top 5 to 7 picks. Like, Cody Williams for Colorado, they need to play their way into the tournament. They play Boise State tonight. Jacoby Walter, keep an eye on him from Baylor. Obviously, Stefan Castle from from Yukon. Clinging, connect, guys like that. You know, could be late lottery, mid first round, but it's it's a very strange draft right now. Like, if you most box that you look at, if you follow this stuff, a lot of international talent coming in this year. A lot of g league type of guys. I mean, we could have, you know, 5 of the first seven picks could be either international or or g league guys. And and, honestly, it could be more depending on on how this draft develops over the next few, few months here. So there's just not there's not our usual, like, you know, we're watching Zion Williamson, RJ Barrett, Cam Reddish, where these guys all gonna go. Like, there there are a handful of names to monitor, but for NBA purposes, for fantasy basketball purposes, this is not not a stellar tournament in terms of NBA talent. No. And I think if for any talent evaluator, they would tell you that they barely pay attention to the tournament. I don't think they wanna get punch drunk on anybody, or sell stock on somebody that they felt really good about because they had a bad tournament. Just look at Andrew Wiggins. I think I still remember his 4 point outing for Kansas years ago. But I where I do think there can be some movement is in the late teens, in the twenties, so definitely in the second round. I'm curious to see if as good as Zach Eady has been, we have not seen him make a real run now that he's been the guy for Purdue. I'm and he's he's somebody that could go second round late first If they're able to push through this tournament the way that they should be able to given their seating and all of the hype around them, is he somebody that with a dominant performance through multiple games on a big stage actually pushes himself into that conversation of a late 1st round pick, that would be one of the big storylines that I would follow. But, yeah, as far as the top of the draft, there's there's just not a lot to really wrap your arms around. So fill out a bracket, make your bets, and, and we'll enjoy it for those reasons. Alright. Looking forward to it as always, man. One of the best sports weekends bar none. And I don't care how much you you were locked in on college basketball. This is the best. This is, the best weekend of the year to have the multi TV setup. So don't don't let anybody tell you whether it's your wife, your friends, any any women in your life, don't let them tell you that you only need 1 TV. And this is this is a 2 TV, if not 3 TV minimum type of weekend. So whatever you gotta do, drag 1 out of the back room, you know, get get a computer monitor set up. You know, you got the laptop on a stool, whatever you need to do multiple screens this weekend, Brandon. Good stuff as always, man. Appreciate you doing this. Go check out Brandon's prize picks for today at rotor wire NBA. Been on, you know, nice little heater lately. Prize picks started to come around here. Rotor wire.com/picks. That's where we get a ton of our information. Go check that out as well. That's been a really popular page. Tons of information there. Whatever pick them site you're playing on, you got info for traditional player props as well if you're if you're on DK or FanDuel or any of those sites. So rotawire.com/picks. Like, subscribe to the YouTube channel. We appreciate all the great questions. Everybody who's followed along. Continued success, Brandon, to you and all the listeners in the fantasy playoffs. We'll check-in next week. Bye, guys.