Welcome into a Monday edition of the Rotarwire Fantasy Basketball Pod. Nick Whalen, Alex Barutha here with you as we are every Monday afternoon. Alex, big weekend as always in the NBA, but especially big with no football. Apologies to the Pro Bowl. I actually kinda like what they're doing with the Pro Bowl at this point, compared to what it had become like a few years ago. But, we had an extra large Sunday slate, with the NFL kinda getting out of the way, 9 games yesterday. So we'll talk about some of our takeaways, some of the big injury updates from the weekend. Of course, we have the trade deadline coming up as well. So we'll talk all things deadline, Guys who could get moved, guys who will not be moved, players that you should be stashing ahead of that deadline. But first and foremost, Alex, how are you? How's your weekend? Doing well. Had a good weekend. Snow is seemingly all melted. Yeah. Nothing nothing too crazy on my end. How about you? I mean, you maybe the biggest news, you got your you got a full setup going behind you. The new house is looking good. I got a full setup. Yeah. I no longer have been a room where we had we had like half of the wallpaper peeled off and the acoustics are terrible. Yeah. We're moving in the right direction here in the new house. Still snow on the ground, however, in the Milwaukee area. But we're supposed to hit I think we're supposed to hit like 55 on Friday. So you know what that means. I will be calling around and seeing if any golf courses are opening up to go play, like, the sloppiest round of all time. But, you know, relatively quiet weekend here. Had my wife's birthday party on Saturday. She spent the day with the girls. I went to the golf simulator and then met up with her later. But other than that, I already. Already already enjoyed that. Yeah, right. I was I was at the range yesterday. Yeah, the grind never really stops. Alright. Before we get into some of our main topics, and then, of course, as always, we will take live viewer questions over the second half of the pod. So throw those in the chat. We're brought to you by underdog, and underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA basketball and DFS player pickup contests. If you have not tried underdog yet, new users get a first time deposit match up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to our site, rotawire.com. Just use the promo code r w n b a. That's r w n b a. Underdogfantasy.com, or just go download the underdog app. It's fantastic. You could use the promo code r w m b a to claim your free rotor wire subscription and that deposit bonus. You and I play an underdog basically every night, at this point. So, really can't give that a stronger endorsement. FanDuel. We're also brought to you by FanDuel. You can tackle 1,000,000 of prizes, all through the NFL playoffs, which do come to an end on Sunday. So you might have to switch over to NBA over on FanDuel. But if you're new to Fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action at FanDuel because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit batch up to $100. Playing Fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel is fun. It's exciting. You just draft your lineup, and you watch your team move up the leaderboard. Pretty simple. Plus, on FanDuel, you can choose from full slate contests with multiple games, single game contests, season long best ball, beginner only. Those are great, you know, if you haven't played a ton of fantasy. But there's basically infinite types of contests that you could set up over there. I love playing the private contest with my friends, you know, throwing entry in one of the big contests for the night as well. And the best part is when you win, you get paid right away. There's not some, you know, 2, 3 day delay. That money hits your account as soon as those games end. So before the Super Bowl, make sure you get that 100% deposit match up to $100. Build that bankroll. Go to FanDuel.com to start playing for huge cash prizes today. FanDuel.com or just go download the FanDuel app. All right. A lot to talk about from the weekend out because we got to start with Joel Embiid. If you are watching or listening to the SPOD, you should probably be aware that things are not looking great for Joel Embiid. You know, we knew he had the meniscus issue. They were being a little cagey about it. You know, I think he had the MRI, what, back back on, like, last Tuesday or Wednesday. And, you know, it really wasn't until the end of the weekend that we got a firm update that came yesterday. He's gonna undergo a procedure to repair a left meniscus injury. That was for Adrian Wojnarowski of ESPN. No timetable, but but what told us, Alex, is that he will miss an extended period of time. Do you have any guess what that means to you? No re I mean, I think a month plus probably. Be tough to come back sooner than a month from meniscus surgery. On the Friday podcast, I was just not even acting like I I do was just saying it's a meniscus tear because it's it clearly was, but they keep saying like, oh, it needs a procedure to to to fix a flap. And then all the all the all the legitimate Twitter doctors were like, no. It's a torn meniscus. He needs surgery. It's that simple. I don't know why they're be doing a PR, campaign over over what this injury is. But, no, I I won't be surprised if he's out if he's out basically through the rest of the regular season. It's it's possible that, you know, he misses. I because I think some of the wording that was used, and I, I can't remember it right now. I think the board like repair He's already had a a a meniscectomy, I think it's pronounced, where they shaved off part of his meniscus already. This is years ago. So I don't think they can do that anymore, or he's gonna have to run into, like, a Dwayne Wade situation where his knees just don't exist anymore. Yeah. It's a brutal break for Embiid. You know, we've been updating the MVP odds, you know, each week, and I think he fell all the way down to around 50 to 1, you know, right after the meniscus injury. He's now off the board completely. So, you know, obviously he's not going to beat the 65 game threshold. So we could cross that one off. You know, obviously having an MVP caliber season, no question about that. I will say, you know, we we kinda have to read between the lines on these updates because for whatever reason, the sixers do seem to be, very secretive about this. But, you know, Roche did, have a note. I can't remember if it was one of his tweets or one of his stories about this that, quote, the door is not closed on Embiid returning for the regular season. That's not super encouraging. You know, to me, I I wouldn't be surprised if he plays before the end of the regular season, but I think his his fantasy season to me is probably over. Yeah. I mean, most likely it is. I mean, I I think it's safest if you have the IR spot just to keep them on your IR. But, yeah, I wish I wish, you know, the team was more transparent about this. I guess they'll just see how what the surgeon thinks, all that stuff about, you know, the timetable. But, yeah. I mean, we can't be surprised if he's out for the year. So he Embiid may end up pretty droppable, especially if you have a, I guess, I would say a more progressive league that ends before April, maybe middle of March, late March. It's most likely that one of those liberal progressive leagues. You'll probably have to drop him, I think. Yeah. I'm trying to I'm looking up his roster rate right now on Yahoo! To see if that, you know, if there's a big purging over the weekend, he's at 99%. So, you know, most people probably just throwing him in the IR spot for now. I don't I'm not against doing that, especially with the All Star break coming up. You know, we'll we'll get some more information in the next 2 to 3 weeks. But yeah, I mean, he's so good that it's like even if you get a week, like, if he comes back for, like, the final week of your fantasy playoffs and you could you could make it that far, it's going to be huge. You know, we're not I think even if he's under, like, a minute limit or he's rusty, like, he's still going to put up crazy numbers. So I'm not against it. If you you know, if you have the, you know, the IR spot or you're in a league with multiple IR spots. Like yeah. I mean, it's Joel Embiid, so I understand not wanting to drop him. But, yeah, it's it's brutal, man. I mean, he's gonna miss the the most important part of the Fantasy season. Zach LaVine as well, the other big, long term injury news over the weekend. LaVine, his season officially done. He's gonna undergo surgery on his right foot. They're saying that's gonna be a 4 to 6 month recovery timetable. So to me, no no necessarily, like, major change in expectations for the bulls. I I still think they're one of those teams that is just gonna push for the play in. They've basically been the same team with or without LaVine. It's not like this is catastrophic for the the win and loss record necessarily, but obviously somebody who we thought would perhaps be, you know, on the bidding block at at the trade deadline this coming Thursday. And now that's out of the question. I mean, I guess the team could trade for him and view it as a future piece. But, once again, we're kind of feels like we're going down the same path for the Bulls where it's like, yeah, I kind of like some of these players. Kobe White's playing well. They're still stuck in the middle. They're absolutely stuck in the middle. 23 and 27 right now. I don't LaVine didn't seem to really be impacting winning for them. And from a fantasy perspective, yeah, I mean, this is a sub a lot more of what we've already seen. Like, it's gonna be more Iota Sunu. It's gonna be more Kobe White, and maybe Pat Williams get some more touches. Caruso, though he can never stay healthy either. But I think, like you're alluding to, we've already seen a lot of what this what this looks like when LaVine is out because he's missed so much of the season anyway. Yeah, I think, you know, biggest boost long term is Kobe White. Long term meaning rest of season. Yeah. He'd been able to pretty much maintain what he was doing, not quite to that same level with LaVine back. But, you know, now that's LaVine coming back is completely out of the question. So I think you kind of view him as as that number 2, maybe even co number 1 with some of the numbers he's been putting up alongside DeMar DeRozan. I think DeRozan is somebody who could be moved at the deadline, especially now with LaVine off the table. Know, it's like the team start to to think a little bit more seriously about DeMar DeRozan. You know, Vucevic, I just I don't really know what the interest level will be. We've talked about him quite a bit on this pod, but, you know, Chicago, they're they're they're right where they should be 9th place in the Eastern Conference. I would say that if Chicago does choose to go in this direction, which is, you know, pushing for a playing spot and just trying to get a couple of games worth of playoff revenue, I don't know if they could really fall beyond ten. You know, it's like Atlanta has closed that gap over the last couple of weeks. They've started to play a little bit better. But after that, you got Brooklyn at, you know, 8 games under 500. Toronto is is, you know, sinking ship. They're 15 games under, and then you're down to, you know, the the real dregs of the NBA, Charlotte, Washington, Detroit. So I do think, you know, if you're Chicago, if you're a Bulls fan, you're probably sick of just, you know, being in the the lower middle portion of the standings every year. But if they do choose to push for that playing spot, I think they should be able to get it. I think it'll be close. I mean, I think some of it does depend on what Atlanta and Brooklyn do at the deadline because Atlanta, you know, they again, we've all heard the trade rumors about DeShante Murray. And if you trade him, the team's already not good without him. So you might have to just you move off a Capella, and you just kinda hit the restart button potentially. And the Nets have just been kinda bad all season. Won't be surprised. Basically, I wouldn't be surprised if they traded, I think, anybody on that roster. Like, I I it seems like they'd probably prefer to keep bridges, but I think they would they would move him. I think they would entertain offers for him. So I guess, yeah, technically, the Bulls could make the plan. Matt Carmody says if the Bulls trade, which way Drummond would be worth adding. Absolutely. I mean, I'm I'm holding him in a couple of deep leagues right now. Those are, you know, 16 teamers, so it's a little bit different. He's 27% roster right now in Yahoo Leagues. You know, those tend to be 10, 12 teamers for the most part. Yeah. If we're talking, you know, guys to stash ahead of the deadline, no problem picking up Andre Drummond. I mean, it's a it's a 3 game week for Chicago. We'll talk about the schedule in a little bit, but this is not a not an overly fantasy friendly week here with the All Star break approaching. So, like, a 3 game week this week is actually pretty solid. Yeah, I'm in a couple of leagues where I'm dealing with some some tough starts to decisions, that we'll talk about. But, you know, only about a third of the NBA has 4 games this week and Denver, Minnesota, Portland, Utah all have 2. So, yeah, I wouldn't really be scared away, by a 3 game week this week specifically. But, yeah, Drummond is is absolutely on that list. And, you you know, even if they don't trade Fooch, I mean, if Drummond could just get to like 15 minutes at night, you know, he's going to give you 8 points, a steal, a block, you know, somewhere between 7 12 rebounds, if not more. And, you know, there's always the possibility of if things really go south for Chicago, do they shut down? Vooch, you know, he's already been injured earlier this season. So this year, to me, Alex, it is a little bit difficult to come up with, like, a long list of all these guys that I want to stash, but Drummond is absolutely on it. My only concern would be, is it easier for the bulls trade Drummond than Vucevic? Like Yes. Vucevic yeah. Vucevic on his guaranteed 60,000,000 for this year, next year, and the year after. Yeah. Drummond's on a $3,300,000 player option. So my worry would be that they actually trade Drummond into basically an equal situation. You know, everybody, not everybody, but people have mentioned, like, I think you're like, okay, see, might need a backup big. I don't know. Like, I don't think people are thinking of Andre Drummond, but he will basically be he'll basically be free. He would basically be free. What's the what's the downside of getting him on your team? So part of me would worry that Drummond Drummond himself gets traded, but I think he would actually play more or around the same if he got traded somewhere. So I don't I don't think he's a bad pickup regardless. I think there are a ton of teams in the Western Conference who would like to have Andre Drummond on their roster. One, he'd be an upgrade over a lot of the backup centers who are floating around. You think about a team like Phoenix who maybe just want some Yousef Nurkic insurance. But I think you also have to consider, you know, some of these teams that if you're if you consider yourself a contender in the West, you know, let's say you're a top 6 team right now. Like, think of the teams that you're going through, right? It's like you need somebody, just a body. I'm not saying that, you know, Andre Drummond is a Jokic stopper, but you need a body like that. You need somebody to go go burn some fouls, burn some possessions, you know, to guard Jokic. If you're playing Minnesota, you got 2 big men in that starting lineup. You know, the Clippers have have Zubac and Plumlee and Tights. You know, the the the Kings obviously have Sabonis. If you if you match up with the Lakers, you you know, that's one of the bigger teams in the NBA. You need somebody to throw at Anthony Davis. And, again, I I do not want this to be, like, clipped and and go on Twitter and be saying, like, Andre Drummond, get him. He's gonna shut down those guys. But he's huge. He is a he is a massive person. And there there really aren't that many of those guys, with with the experience that Drummond has floating around. Good point here by Dylan l. He says, Io Desumu is actually the clear winner right now in Chicago with LaVine going down for the season. Could easily be an end of the bench league winner for a lot of rosters, provides great stocks as well. Yeah. I've I've been a notable to Sunbu skeptic throughout most of my throughout the past couple of years. I think just because there have been a lot of times where it's like I think it's we all want it to happen more than he's actually shown it can happen, but this recent stretch by him has been very good. Yes. He started the past 4 games, but even if you extend it to his past 10, 16 points, 3 rebounds, 3 assists, and basically 2 stocks. The 58% from the field and 46% from 3, that's gonna come down a little bit, but then you're probably still talking about someone who's averaging, like, 13, 3, and 3 with good stocks, which stocks have been, again, something a part of his game that has mattered. And it's really only upside from here on out. So definitely definitely an add in, in 12 team leagues. Yeah. No question. I mean, I think this is the best 10 game stretch that he's had really since he burst onto the scene as a rookie. His roster rate shot up over the weekend, up to 41% over on Yahoo. And yeah, you're totally right. I mean, I think it it pushes Kobe White's ceiling higher the rest of the year. But if you're talking about somebody who goes from not really rosterable in a 12 or 14 team league to somebody that you kind of have to have and maybe you're not starting every single week, but you put them out there on a 4 game week. Absolutely. And, you know, really the the defensive stats, which Dylan points out, I think, are what you're what you're really after here. I mean, the 3 point shooting, the shooting in general is going to wax and wane. Is that like almost 60% from the field during the last 10 games? Like, that's obviously not going to be sustainable, but, you know, 2 combined steals and blocks per game. You know, he's got, you know, a couple of multi steal games, a couple of multi block games, very good shot blocker for his position. So, yeah, very good call there. You know, I wanted to talk about Onyeko Okungwu, Alex, as a a deadline stash. And I know in most deeper leagues, he's already rostered, but we we may have missed our window. We should have done this spot yesterday because now we know Clint Capela, is going to miss 7 to 10 days heading into the all star break. And, yeah, if you're in a competitive league, and and the Ekongwu was not roster, that probably changed when Ravers ran last night. Yeah. I think so. Capella's injury, not to mention that the impending trade deadline, I think made it the perfect time to pick up a Kang Woo, which is something, you know, basically, we've been saying for almost since a kangaroo got into the NBA. But you just you just have to do it. You're like, we're we're basically trapped. We've been entrapped by a on Yekka Okangwu's potential to roster him in in these types of situations. Yeah. What makes it difficult is Capella had been playing really well. You know, it's like I've been caping for Okonwu to to take over that job for, like, 3 years now. But Capel is putting up numbers, man. I mean, if we're just talking strictly fantasy, like before this injury, you know, he's basically averaging like 13 and 12 of the block per game, you know, not reaching the same heights that he was at his absolute peak, but he'd stayed relatively healthy. I think he'd only missed 2 games prior to this injury. But he is somebody with a track record. I mean, he tends to miss 15 to 20 games per year. So this shouldn't be surprising. And, you know, good timing, I suppose. But the All Star break should be back after that. But at the very least, you know, you're getting a nice 2 weeks here out of a kung wu. And you know, I think looking beyond the trade deadline, you know, for 1, Capella could be moved. We just talked about all these teams, you know, that need Big Ben. I don't think it's out of the question that Okangwu could be traded on Thursday. But Atlanta, you know, they're a team that they've played a little bit better lately. They could very easily, you know, fall out of this play and mix, especially, you know, depending on what they do at the deadline. And I think we're finally reaching the point where maybe we could see a, you know, a kungwu late season come on, you know, in the final month or so. Obviously, the per minute numbers have always been great. They signed him to an extension last year for a reason. So even if Capella remains on this roster after the deadline, I I still don't really have a problem holding a kung fu in anything but shallower leagues. No. Because that yeah. If they continue to be bad, then he is probably not going to play his many minutes. They'll just focus on Kung Fu's minutes. And Capella's had some lower body stuff in the past anyway. So, you know, he could he could get hurt for sure. Alright. I want to talk to Bucks real quickly because this is near gear to our heart, before we we get into listener questions. What the hell happened, man? What happened last night? I I watched that full game. Bucks are rolling. You know, even that Utah got off to a hot start. You're kind of thinking, here we go again, but Bucks put up a great second quarter. They're up double digits In the 3rd, 40 to 13, they're outscored in the Q4. We got another just disastrous Damian Lillard game. It feels like these are happening more and more frequently. You know, I ran the numbers last night on on basketball reference, just kinda taking out taking a look at some different permutations. You know, it's like number of games where he shot under 30% from the field. He already has more this season than he's had in any of the previous 6 seasons. You have to go all the way back to, like, 2017 where he's had I think he's at 8 or 9 games now after last night where he shot under 30% from the field. You get similar results if you look at, you know, number of games with fewer than 3 made 3 pointers, number of games where he's shooting under 25% from 3. So to me, the numbers back up the eye test. Right. And then people will say, well, you know, a couple of nights ago he's 5 for 5. Great game against Dallas. Like, yeah, he's still mixing in very good games, but the consistency has just not been there. And if you take all the way back to January 1st, which is 17 games, Lillard is shooting 29.4% from 3. So this is more than just a a short term slump. I mean, we're talking over a month. He ranks 197 out of 222 players who've taken at least 30 threes in that span, again, since January 1st. He's 40th out of 42 players who've taken at least a 100 in that span. Yeah. Lillard, I think right now, I mean, last night, he's he was dealing with an ankle injury before the game. I think that may have been some of it. Utah is also good at home, but that's not really what we're talking about. You know, Middleton wasn't available last night. That meant Jay Crowder. Jay Crowder has been a, whatever the plus minus the opposite of a plus minus God is, just a minus god. He said minus 20 per 100 for the bucks this year. I just he has been completely useless. He's slow. He's big. He's slow. He's old. He just can't do much anymore. And it's the thing. It's the Bucks starters that got killed. Like, everybody in the Bucks starting lineup was basically minus 20 except Giannis. Yep. You know, like, we great. Pat Congleton was a plus 11. But it's like that's that continues to be the Bucks issues. It's like when, you know, when when basically the Bucks' 4 best players are not on the court, which you mentioned Lopez also wasn't avail, available last night. And neither was Middleton. Right. Yeah. Lopez and Middleton were out. But that but that but this is also the Bucks issue is that when when those 4 guys, Giannis, Lillard, Middleton, and Lopez are not on the court and almost all 4 together, they get destroyed. They just they're horrible. So for the Bucks, I think, yeah, they need to they need to figure out how to function when, like, only 2 of those guys are on the court at the same time. Yeah. The point of attack defense, I think, is what really stands out when you watch these games. And I don't think it's a lack of effort. You know, maybe sometimes on Dame's part, but they think the communication to me did improve right away. Like watching the first couple of games, they look more locked in defense. They look less confused. There's there's a lot fewer possessions where Brook Lopez has taken the ball out of bounds and slamming it down because somebody missed a defensive assignment. But they're just they're letting guys get by them. They're giving up so many easy looks. They gave up a bunch of offensive boards. Last night, Utah, twelve offensive rebounds for the game. There was a a report earlier today, I think Mark Stein had it, that, you know, the Bucks and the Mavs have discussed a framework of a Bobby Portis, Grant Williams trade. I I don't love that. You know, I think it is, in some ways, tough to quantify exactly how much Portis means to the Bucks. And I know you could argue that Grant Williams, you know, for certain matchups makes more sense on defense. I I don't know that that's what this team needs. I I don't know if getting rid of Bobby Portis, who might not be the greatest defender, but he's at least gonna bring it every single night. The the fact that that's even being batted around worries me. Yeah. I mean, it worries me too, especially since the Bucks don't really even have a backup center. They use Bobby Portis as backup center. If you were to trade him, then what? Robin Lopez? I I You know, when Doc Doc did say last night, I should have played Robin Lopez more. Also concerning. Yeah. He probably forgot Lopez Robin Lopez was actually on the team, but I I think, yeah. When you sent me that that report, I mean, my my first thought was, you know, I was thinking back to when he basically called out the team and and Adrian Griffin, around the play in, tournament. And I just wonder if Porges has just kinda had it, not just with, like, Adrian Griffin, who obviously was gone, but just with the roster as a whole, which obviously that's concerning, because I do think what he brings for for Milwaukee in terms of energy is is fantastic. Yeah. And again, tough to quantify. You know, there are some numbers that would probably indicate that, you know, moving on from for Portis would improve the Bucks defensively. But I think he'd be losing more in terms of what he means to that team than that people would realize. One other observation last night and, you know, props to my friend Preston Schmidt, who is a, you know, a long time Bucks fan. Well, both before I even was locked in on the Bucks, texted me last night about how many assistants they have on this bench. I don't know if you noticed that after he pointed it out, I couldn't stop looking at it. They have they go like 12 deep with assistant coaches. Deepest roster of assistant coaches I've ever seen. Yeah. I'm actually looking right now on the, like the highlights from the game on ESPN. And I do see the 2 two rows of coaches. That is that is absurd. I actually can't remember the last time I've seen something like that. Yeah. Well, I think Doc brought in a couple of his own. Like, they brought in Dave Yeager. You know, they had brought in that, like, some sort of, like, defensive guy from from Europe a few weeks before they fired Griffin. And I I think Doc retained basically everybody and then brought in a few more of his own. So I'm gonna have to get it up. We'll get a full update on how many exactly there were. But they were they were going 3 rows deep of guys with with matching Q Sips last night. All right. Let's hit some listener questions here. We'll continue to talk about players that we're stashing around the deadline and and some rumors that have popped up. Matt says, what's up, everyone? What's up, Matt? How long before every team has these LED courts? Good question. That was kind of going around Twitter earlier today. I I think it was out at the was that like the new Clippers arena. They were they were demoing something like that. I, you know, I'm open to it. I don't I don't think we're super far away from something like this. You know, I think anybody who's been to an NBA game in like the last 5 years has probably seen how they do this like in pregame, right? Well, they have these like crazy graphics where the court looks like it's falling in on itself. And then you can basically project whatever you want. And it's it's pretty impressive. I assume the technology has only gotten better. And if you look at the teaser video that the NBA put out, I mean, it looks cool. I don't think we're that far away from it. Right. I think the question is, would it be something that's viewable in the arena or would this be tied into, you know, kind of like the metaverse viewing that the NBA is very much in on, you know, with the the Apple Vision Pro and all stuff like that. I think it'd be very distracting if you're playing on the court, but I certainly wouldn't rule it out for a like TV VR viewer experience. Yeah. I mean, I think they'll they'll continue to try it out. Obviously, the NBA is way more into experimenting with, like, courts and stuff than they used to be. Mhmm. Yeah. I won't be surprised if it turns into a thing as long as the players think it feels fine or they don't think it's too distracting or anything. Assuming it is something you see actually in the arena because I remember, you know, I think about, like, when they change the ball in, like, 2013 or they tried to and then all the players, like, revolted. Oh, yeah, I remember that. I think that was like right around the Olympics. For some reason, it might have been even earlier. Like, I remember Jason Kidd specifically. He was like, I'm not playing with this wall, but they will be demoing this, you know, in practice over All Star Weekend. They're going to use it, you know, for like the celebrity game, for all the stuff on Saturday night, 3 point dunk contest skills. So what we'll get a look at it. And I mean, my understanding is that it will be viewable in the arena in addition to to television. And, you know, I think this will be better for the TV product more than anything, which is probably a slightly bigger concern for the NBA. But, I'm very open to it. I'm very, very open to it. Again, as long as it's not distracting, 1, to the players and to, you know, you don't have so much stuff going on where you're like, all right, I don't even feel like I'm watching an NBA game. Like, I don't I don't know that I'd want to be watching game 7 of the NBA finals with an LED cord. No. I I just yeah. I don't want it to be distracting for anybody, for me as a viewer, for the players, for anybody. And there's already because there's already enough distraction going on in the NBA. I get distracted if a court's colors are too, if the court's colors are weird, like normal painted on. So, yeah. Yeah, that's, those kind of my kinds of my thoughts. We've come a long way. We've come a long way in the last 10 years. I don't think the NBA would have been nearly as open to this. I remember the Bucks had like a black type of court that they wanted to do back in, like, 2015 that the NBA was like, no, it's just not going to work. It's not going to work. It's too distracting. And now here we are with, like, bright purple and lime green courts all over the NBA. All right. Good. Good. Stash question here for Paul. He says, who would you rather stash? Scoot, Kennard, Kiabte George, Shaden Sharp, De'Anthony Melton, Jacob Gilliard, either of the Thompsons. And how would you rank them in order of value? So we got a a handful of players to, try to rank here, Alex. It might be easier to rank these in terms of, like, generally how I how I feel about it. It might it's gonna be hard for me to rank this many players in order. But I will here here's what I would say. Like, I think Melton is probably the safest because we already know he has a safe role that he plays really well in. The problem is he's been hurt for a while, so that's a concern. But hopefully, he's better after the all star break. Scoot and Shaden Sharp. Yeah. I'm I'm I'm pretty in on those guys, the stashes, because I again, the Portland Portland is so bad. They also have a history of of tanking late in the season and and pulling their veterans and Brogdon will probably be gone and stuff like that. It will still be tough for them because because Simons is still gonna be there, but we'll see what they do with Jeremy Grant. I'm worried about Kennard's health, but I think he is a good player to roster. Keontay is interesting for sure, especially if the Jazz get rid of some veterans. Again, Gillyard, Kennard, any of these grizzlies guys, I have such a little confidence that they can stay healthy or that the grizzlies provide, like, accurate injury reports. Yeah. And then I don't mind the men and ASR stashes. But a lot of those guys I mentioned besides, like, Shagan Sharp, Scoot, and Melton are in, like, one massive tier together. I guess I put those 3 I mentioned at the top and then everybody else and they're kind of their own tier. Okay. I don't need to go through and, like, relitigate any of that because that was that was all very accurate. So I will I will default to your rankings on that. We don't need to spend another 5 minutes on it. But good question. And thank you for sending that, Paul. Mister Ray, any relation to doctor Ray? We have no idea. But mister Ray says who to drop to pick up Paul Reed. If he wants to grab Paul Reed, should he drop Josh Hart or Malcolm Brogdon? Man, that's a tough question because of the situation, you know, that Brogdon faces probably being a a headliner of a potential trade. Even if he stays in Portland, he could get shut down. He's never been an especially healthy player anyway. At the same time, Hart's Hart's value is completely capped to whenever Julius Randle comes back. Right? So we know our And and I think Anunoby to some degree. Right? You know, like, you look at the last week and you're like, oh, man, he's playing 41 minutes per game. Like Yeah. That, you know, that ceiling lowers a bit when Anunoby is in there. Yeah. I yeah. Julius Randle, we know the long term extent of his injury and Anenobi were a little bit less clear. Yep. Both guys would get picked up if you drop them. Tell you that right now. I guess I guess maybe the bigger question is, do you have to drop Hart or Brogdon for Paul Reed? Yes. Well so the Brogdon thing, like you said, there's been a lot of Knicks whispers. I think that would make a lot of sense for a number of reasons. So, like, if he ends up there, you know, what is the ultimate role at that point? You know, is is he coming off the bench? Do they try to slide him into the starting lineup? Is is, you know, there's probably a little bit lower upside than we're seeing in Portland. But, you know, even if you take, like, 80, 85 percent of what he's giving you this year, it's still a pretty productive player. I was waiting for you to bring up the do we actually need to add Paul Reed? I, you know, I bid on him in a bunch of leagues this weekend. I was careful not to go overboard because, you know, he's he started 4 of the last 5 games. He's played serious minutes really in only, like, one and a half of those. You know, there's that game where, like, everybody was out in Denver, and he played 42 minutes. You know, played 24 minutes against Portland, played 28 minutes against Utah, was not in foul trouble in either of those games, and then started to play 15 minutes against Brooklyn, on Saturday. So, you know, I I don't obviously he's like the clear. All right. He's going to see more minutes. He'll be in the starting lineup, whatever, without a bid. But it's not necessarily a. All right. Now you're feeling every single minute that Joel Embiid played situation. And the Sixers have had so many other guys in and out that it's been tough to gauge what that rotation will look like. Like they basically have like at least 2 or 3 rotation players out, including Melton, you know, Maxey, Tobias Harris, those guys have missed time lately. So it has been really difficult to assess. I still think I want Paul Reed, but if I have to drop Hart or Brogdon, yeah, I don't know. That that becomes a tougher decision. Like, I I assume you're in a relatively shallow league. Like, if those are your 2 worst players, you're doing okay. Says he responded with a follow-up. Mister A says my centers are Hartenstein and Evan Mobley. He needs a 3rd center. Okay. Okay. So, yeah, if you need re I I I'm just gonna I'm I'm just gonna pull a Band Aid off. I'm gonna say you dropped Brockton, because I'm worried about him getting traded or getting hurt or getting shut down. Like, there are 3 factors, kind of revolving around him where there's really only one sort of negative factor around Hart and, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Ricardo says, speaking of Reid, he said, I dropped Reid and Josh Hart to activate Kyrie and D'Anthony Melton. Yeah. Obviously, you got to act fake Kyrie. I don't think there's there's any question there. You know, Melton. Yeah. I don't know exactly what you're saying here, but he's not playing tonight. We don't we have really no idea when he's going to be back. We're obviously pretty low on games before we get to the All Star break. They play Wednesday. They play Friday. They play Saturday. So they are one of just a handful of teams that has 4 games this week. And then most teams only play, you know, 2 games next week. So that's kind of negligible. But, you know, you don't you don't have to activate Melton right now. Right. I guess unless you're really confident that he's coming back later this week and you already know he's not playing one game. So, you know, if you already made this move, we'll see. Hopefully, Melton plays later in the week. But, you know, I would say you could for now, you could probably hold on to to one of of Reeder Hart. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Melton. Yeah. You're gonna want Melton or over, I think, Reeder Hart. I think it's just safer. You know, Matt points out in the chat that Reid will, Paul Reid was sick last game where he played 15 minutes, put up 2 points, 4 rebounds, nothing else. That is true, but his minutes as a starter have been really up and down in general. Yeah. 25 minutes per game in 12 starts. Some of those are 17. Some of those are 40. So it it is hard to say, but definitely worth mentioning he was sick last game, which is why he played especially bad. Alright. Matt says, he's in a high scoring Yahoo points league with points for all counting stats. Should he drop Harrison Barnes, Jalen Suggs, or Grayson Allen? My gut reaction is to tell you to drop Harrison Barnes. He look. He's still he's still on his streak of, double digit shock attempts. You know? He after his bad 9 point performance, he went for 22, and then he went for 11. I just think ultimately, Barnes has a very little history of, like, especially lately, being a consistently good player, for Fantasy. Suggs also pretty up and down, but I don't trust Fultz to stay healthy. And, Grayson Allen is almost too good to drop. I get that, like, he's not Allen is a better points or excuse me, a better category league player than points league. But they've the Suns have been pretty, they're comfortable playing in 30 minutes every single game regardless of who's available. Like, if the whole team is healthy, Grayson Allen's still getting 30 minutes. So that that's very helpful. Yeah. I know Grayson Allen has not played super well lately. You know, it's kind of a battle through that ankle injury. You know, he had one game where he was forced out, missed the next game and maybe he's been hobbled a little bit. I would still drop Harrison Barnes here, especially if you're you if you're if you're saying you get like, you know, legitimate points for for every category. Even when Harrison Barnes had that, you know, improbable 3 or 4 game run, it was basically just scoring, you know, you'll mix in 4 or 5 rebounds, but he doesn't he doesn't really give you assists. He doesn't really do anything on defense. So if I choose between those 3, I would drop Barnes. Alright. Scarlett says sitting at rank 1 right now in a 9 Cat League 16 teamer. Nice work. What do you do if your players are all a must roster? Thinking streaming is important come playoffs. You're not wrong about that. Obviously, it kind of depends who we're talking about at the end of the roster, but it's a pretty good problem to have, right? I mean, if you're sitting 1st in your league, there's a reason for that. You you know, it's not necessarily streaming, but I think you just play the matchups, you play the number of games down the stretch, and you kind of stream within your own roster. I wouldn't I wouldn't go out of your way to drop someone now because you're you're worried about what happened a month from now. Like, statistically speaking, chances are, you know, one of these guys might get hurt and make that decision for you. Yeah. Exactly. Like Nick said, what do you do? I think you you start gloating in the league chat maybe. Just be like, who's are what are you guys gonna do something about, me winning, dominating this league all the time? But, no, you don't you don't wanna drop anybody early. You could always make a consolidation trade if you really feel like streaming's that important. Like, trade 2 of your guys for for one better guy. If if you really feel like you want to or feel like you have to stream to win, but other than that, I think you just kinda wait to see what the trade deadline brings and potential injuries. Alright. Talked about Dasomu. Good. That was a good good note there from Dylan. Alright. Traton Littlejohn says he's got a crazy trade question. Paul George, Miles Bridges, and Abid for Anthony Edwards. I think that's j dub, j Jalen Williams, and, Jordan Poole in a points league. So George Bridges and Abid for Edwards, Williams and Poole. I I we're assuming that this was, you know, just proposed. So, you know, the Abid part of this to me is kind of a wash. So it's basically Paul George and Miles Bridges for Edwards, Williams and Poole. As we've been saying at the beginning of the year, at this point, Embiid and Poole is a wash. Poole probably doesn't get Poole doesn't have to be rostered. Like, there's no reason to feel like you have to roster pool. So I don't even really view him as a part of this trade. I mean, he's he's fine. He had a stretch where he played well, but, like, he's okay. He's really only like a fringe points league player. And Embiid might be done for the year, fantasy season. He might be done for the fantasy season. So really, yeah, this is Paul George and Miles Bridges for Anthony Edwards and j dub, which is unless you think Miles Bridges is is gonna get traded to like a potential contender and then he's gonna play 24 minutes a game instead of like 34 minutes a game. So I think I would rather be on the Edwards J Dub side of this trade. I think so too. I think so too. And look, I mean, if you're getting pools or throw in whatever, sitting at the end of your bench, if there's if it gets hot, you can throw them out there. You could drop them. You could stream that spot. But yeah, I guess, you know, part of this we kind of have to discuss the MB part is like, you know, would there be any part of you where you're like, man, what if what if he does come back sooner? And I I really regret, you know, not having him for the final 2 weeks of the Fantasy season, or is that is that just something you can't really consider? I don't I don't think you have to okay. So, like, yes, maybe he does come back for the end of the regular season, but what are the odds he's playing 25 even 25 minutes a game Mhmm. For the fan for you the part of the fantasy playoffs that matter. Like, he might be playing, like, 18, 19 minutes a game leading up to the the actual NBA playoffs. So that would even if you get them back, you might say all back to backs maintenance. Like, it's just it's really unclear. Jerome says, do you think Josh Giddey gets traded this week? It's definitely possible. What would what would you say percentage chances that Josh Gidi is on another team come Thursday night? I don't know. I mean, I think, I think they would for just completely on court reasons. I think trading getting makes sense. I don't think they need him and SGA and Jalen Williams at the, you know, so, but I don't know what team wants necessarily. I I might put it at just because I have no idea. I'm gonna put it at, like, 20% because I don't feel like I've I've heard anything that makes a ton of sense. But OKC, you know, in terms of, like, management, they're pretty tight lipped. Like, rumors don't really come out OKC like they do other teams. Yeah. I mean, this is his 3rd year, so you got, you know, kinda at least 1 more year on the rookie deal. So I think there is some appeal there. Although if you're trading for him, you're probably looking at it as, you know, you hope it works out and you sign him to an extension. I I do think it it makes some sense. Right? I mean, Oklahoma City definitely does not need to make a move. They are sitting at top at the top of the Western Conference right now, so I don't know that there's a ton of pressure to do that. And, you know, it I think it would be more likely maybe that you're attaching picks and you try to get a bigger fish in there. But, as we mentioned, there's just, you know, not that many names that make a ton of sense. And I I think OKC is also trying to be really careful about not messing up what they have. Right? It's like going out, getting, some like top 25 players. Like, does that does that throw off, you know, the development of guys like Jalen Williams, who's, you know, kind of having like a borderline all star start to the season? Obviously, SGA has been fantastic. I think where it makes sense is you're either adding shooting because that's that's not what Josh Gady does or you're adding a big man, right? I don't think you're swapping him out for another guard or swapping him out for another wing. Like, they need spot up shooting. And I think more than anything, they need interior defense. They need another option beyond Jen Holmgren. So putting Getty on the table, I think it's appealing. I think he has a lot of value. I think his value is certainly lower now than it was coming into the year. But again, yeah, who's the player out there? You know, it's like you flip them for him for like a PJ Washington. I don't know. Yeah. Because you're only really talking about teams that are already bad or who would be wanting to pull the plug. You know, you'd be look you'd be looking basically like everybody in the east that's, I guess, technically Atlanta and below, but more like Brooklyn and below. I think in the west, it's more like Utah and below, probably not including Houston or or really Golden State. But, yeah, it's like I don't do you do you send them to Brooklyn and to try to get Macau Bridges or something, along with a bunch of other picks, you know, that kind of a thing. But it's hard for me to say, like, do I expect them to get traded? I don't know. Dude, I I actually love that idea that, you know, more salary would have to go and whatnot, but bridges and OKC, like, that that is the type of star player I would add. You know, I don't I don't know that this is a team that needs, like, I don't know, like Donovan Mitchell or a player like that. You're like, all right, you're the number one guy now or you're co number 1. It's like somebody who's a star, but is also kind of a role player at the same time. I mean, there's a reason that basically every team would like to have McCall Bridges. So you're you're saying, like, if you're a contending team, you're not really that interested in Getty? No. No. He's too he's too young and he has no his like, he has no real I don't think he has that much of a history of honestly making OKC better in any way. Like, he's intriguing because he's a great passer. But at the same time, I think he has a lot of holes in his game that it's it's just these guys were great. They have great size and they can pass. There's so many more of these guys in terms of like an influx into the NBA because taller players are more skilled now, but he can't defend and he can't shoot threes. So it's just the spot for him. It's like, what's the who wants a guy like that? If you're if you're good, if you if you have a floor space in 5, I guess. But I don't know. I just I don't I don't know if he's Zach and Pat. But like we we it's a different issue, but it's you talk about Ben Simmons in that way and you talk about, like, the Thompson Twins, who I love much better prospects than Getty. They're better defenders than Getty, but they can't shoot. They're worse shooters than Getty. And he's like, if you can't do what if you can't shoot or you can't play defense, it really, I think, limits your value to a contender. I don't know what contending team doesn't want to add bad shooting and bad defense. Dude, I've got anybody to talk about it. I think you're. Exactly. You know, the 2 teams I would point to and I wouldn't consider either of them a contender, but they're they're at least above the Atlanta Mendoza line would be like Indy and Orlando. You know, it's like you could see Orlando taking a shot on a guy like that. You know, they they kind of already have a, you know, kind of a playmaking wing and Becquero, obviously. And then, you know, Franz Wagner, Yeah. I think they feel pretty good about the roster, but that's type of player, you know, young on a rookie deal that you can see Orlando bringing in. It's like, yeah. Is there is there something to be built around, you know, Wendell Carter trade? Yeah. I think that would make a ton of sense for Oklahoma City. You know, that that's something I could see coming together. And then, you know, Indiana, it's like, could you do like a buddy yield Josh Giddey swap? You know, again, I'd have to dig a little deeper on that to see how that would add up contract wise. But, yeah, I think those are teams that are hoping to win a playoff series, probably not hoping to win the NBA title where you could kind of justify the, you know, get the talent in the door and we'll try to develop it over the next couple of years strategy. I I think it makes more sense for Indy because they have Miles Turner at the 5. And Yes. I I think it I think that's more of a move. I think getting healed back would be nice, you know, for, for OKC. My concern with Orlando is they already can't shoot to save their lives. So and I don't know how much you wanna take the ball out of the hands of, like, Wagner and and and Ben Carroll, but that's but then I don't wanna make the argument that, like, they shouldn't have a point guard because I, I think it's helpful. So, yeah, both both intriguing at least. Yeah. Utah is another team that that intrigues me, kind of in that middle zone as well out in the West. All right. Good question here for Mr. A. Two similar players. I assume this is kind of a who would you rather roster going forward? To Sumu or Jaden Ivy? Yeah. I was I I I saw that question. I looked it up earlier kind of in anticipation because that is a very good question. I think I would rather take Ivy. It depends if you if you're, like, desperate. If you're in a category league and you're desperate for blocks and steals, I'm okay with adding Dasunmu over Ivy. But at this point, it seems like Ivy's gotten the trust of Monty Williams, and his minutes have been pretty steady in, like, the high twenties, low thirties with Cade Cunningham back, and he's producing well. I think I think Ivy's the safer bet long term. Yeah. Again, similar players, they rank in the same zone over the last month. I I think you said it right. Like, there's a lot more defensive potential with Desumo. Like, if you look at some of, like, the 8 cat, 9 cat ranks, they'll probably rank a little bit higher, you know, because of the scarcity of those stats. So, again, yeah, if you need blocks of seals, if that's what you're worried about, I would I would say definitely to Sumo because Ivy really doesn't give you a whole lot of that. You know, you'll have a splash games every now and then. It feels like either gives you like 2 steals or 2 blocks or absolutely nothing. So you're going to get a lot more consistent defensive production out of Desumo. But I think you're right. If you're just kind of looking for traditional points, rebounds, assists, you know, you know, kind of higher minutes floor night tonight, it's probably Ivy. But again, with with LaVine out of out of the lineup here, as long as Chicago doesn't do something drastic and, you know, bring in a young, you know, guard or 2, I I do think to some who could actually end up playing more minutes or at least comparable minutes the rest of the way. I do. I just I I think the Sunbu's history of real like meaningfully in a big way scaling up his usage isn't that great. Yeah. He's he's doing it recently to an extent like his assist productions better. He's taking, 10 shots a game basically. But, Yeah. I would I think I would just rather have Ivy in general. Alright. Dylan says, is it officially time for everyone to give Aaron Neesmith some more love? He's quietly putting up top seventy numbers since the Bruce Brown trade. He's been a top 40 player over the last 2 weeks. Almost 2 stocks, 2 plus made threes, 15 points, 6 rebounds in that span. I think I think so. I'm on board with with giving Aaron Smith some respect. Let's say you do you respect him? I I I am putting respect on his name. I'm giving him his flowers. No. Dee Smith, if you listen to the Friday podcast, it's it's a very pro Smith podcast. I think we've mentioned him as a waiver wire pickup probably like 4 times this year at various points throughout the year. And I think we actually recommended him in back to back shows, this Friday and last Friday. So, yeah, I mean, he's he's playing really well. He's he's figured a shot out, which has been huge for him. Get that one bad season in Boston that I think made everybody in Boston turn on him. And since then, he has been very good, and especially, yeah, these these past 2 weeks or so. He's at 46% from 3 for the year. 46%. And that is that is the year on East Smith that was promised. Right? I mean, when he was when he was at Vanderbilt, I mean, that was the selling point. It's like this guy, you know, he's not just like a, you know, 38, 39% shooter. It's like he could be the best spot up shooter in the NBA. Like, that's that's the sell here on D Smith. And, yeah, he was fine as a rookie. He was fine, you know, even at times last year in Indy. But we're now seeing, you know, the full on, you know, kind of Duncan Robinson, type of maturation, I guess, for Aaron Smith. And we'll see if that, you know, is able to go year to year. Right? It's not often that you see somebody have this crazy of a season, you know, where you shoot 45 plus percent for 3, and then you could do it again the next year. My guess is he probably regress is a little bit. But if you're regressing from 46% to 42 or 43%, you know, that's that's still ultra elite. And the one thing is I'd like to see a little more volume. You know, like, if you're shooting 46%, you gotta be doing everything you can to be taking 8 or 9 a game instead of, like, 4 or 5 a game. But, yeah, in general, all in on respecting Aaron Nesmith. And here's a good one for from Drew as a follow-up. Nesmith or Desumu in in an ESPN league? I think Nesmith is probably the better, category league player. Desumu might be the better points. It's it's close, honestly. Do you do you have a strong preference on either of these guys? Right now would be Nesmith. You know, he's not only has he given you a ton of threes, but he's you know, he's especially lately, last couple weeks, you know, he's been close to 2 blocks of steals per game. So I don't think there's, like, a huge drop off there necessarily compared to Desumu. He's, you know, he's a more reliable rebounder. He's actually been a pretty decent passer. The thing I worry about with Indy more so than Chicago is just kind of the whims of this rotation. You know, like, there's it's really tough when you go through and try to project minutes, you know, night tonight for that team because they they have guys who've kind of mixed in here and there. And, you know, early in the year, Dee Smith was coming off the bench. There were some nights where he was playing, like, 18 minutes a game. His minutes have been pretty steady, so I'm not super worried about it. But there is a big difference between, you know, playing 34 minutes a night, which is what he's doing over the last 2 weeks and, you know, playing 26 minutes a night, which is what he was doing over the previous month. So, you know, if you think he's playing 32 plus minutes a night, I would lean Nesmith. But, yeah, it's a good question. The sumo will probably be better if, like, if DeRozan got traded or the bull shut guys down, like, the sumo is just gonna be better. But Yeah. We have no idea. So I think I think the I think the sumo is the floor is the sorry. Is the ceiling play? Like if you are, I don't know, 6th or 5th in your league and you just need like it's all upside plays. I think I would actually rather have the sumo, but if it's just all things equal, probably Neesmith. Yeah. I think that's a good way to phrase it. Alright. Dylan says 9 Cat League. Let's talk Wizards. Alright. We're going to see the the viewership is about to skyrocket. Feels like they're trading Kuzma, Thijs, Gafford, and Dylan Wright. That that would be quite the change. I think at least a couple of those guys probably get dealt. Who are we liking best for silly season? Kismet, Koulibaly, or even this Omaruu or Omaruu? Omaruu? I think it's a I think it's Omaruu. I pride myself, Alex, on knowing at least like a little bit about every player in the league. There's been a couple of times in the last few weeks, where, you know, I've had to be like, all right, what's going on here? Washington's been one of those teams and and more recently, the Memphis Grizzlies. When I saw Trey Jamieson in the starting lineup, that that was one where I had to go over the basketball reference hand up. Yeah. And, for, Memphis, is it is it Tosan Awoma? Awoma? That was that was a tough one. Yeah. Yeah. But Omarui, I look. I think you're right to bring up the Wizards a 100% because they are they're horrible, and they have veterans on the team that could get moved. Akulabali, I think, you know, he had a pretty good outing the other day. I think it was when Poole, got scared of Kawhi Leonard and mysteriously had an illness. Right. But then he followed back up with, like, 5 points and then 0 points. So I still think out of all those guys, Koulibaly probably has the highest upside because he is a good defender, and I think they would like to let to see what they have in him. Like, couldn't he handle the ball at all? Can he do more? He just hasn't proven it really. I'm a personally, like, I'm a big Corey Kispert guy, which I know sounds probably weird and kind of obscure. I think he can if if they start giving him 35 minutes, I think he can play awesome, to be honest with you. But I think there's also obviously a decent chance that they trade him because he would be perfect for, like, a contender. So that's that's tough to say, but I think it's fine to stash below. I think it's fine. Yeah. I mean, if we're if we're talking about the Wizards trading, you know, 3 starters and, you know, one of their better, more reliable veteran bench players at the lot. Right. It's like anything's on the table at that point. I mean, you'd be looking at, like, 2 or 3 guys who are probably worth picking up because they'd just be pretty low on players. But you also have to keep in mind, if if you think they're trading that many players, you know, it's not gonna be all picks. You're getting some guys back and a few of those guys will probably be young and will be in the starting lineup. So, I wouldn't get too excited about it. I mean, cool Volley to me. I'm intrigued by what he could be long term. You know, he's been a handful of starts this year. Some have been good. Some have been horrendous. You know, even when he's had a, you know, a bunch of games where he's played 30 plus minutes again, very, very up and down. But I'm intrigued and not with you at KISSBART. I think KISSBART is the safest, highest floor option. Like if he suddenly starts playing 38 minutes a game for a terrible Wizards team, I mean, he could he could give you, like, 4, 4 and a half made threes a game. Like, he's not good of a shooter. And if he if he would, in a way, become, like, their number one option, which is a scary thought, but it is possible, with the way the Wizards are going, He's a guy I would want, you know, in a category league, especially getting that that high volume 3 point production. Alright. Good question about the Knicks here for Pedro. He said he he wanted to add Paul Reed, so he had to choose between dropping Josh Hart and Dante DiVincenzo. He said he chose Josh Hart. I think that means he actually dropped Divincenzo. So he chose to keep Josh Hart, thinking that his court time seems safer when OG comes back. In our opinion, did he make the right call? Yeah. I think so. Because Hart is more of like a forward to replace Randall's minutes. When OG comes back, Devincenzo is more of like a guard, even though they're basically the same size, but Hart will rebound and stuff like that. I think you made the right choice. Long. I I don't wanna make this longer. I think you made the right choice. Yeah. I mean, I actually think there's no right or wrong choice here. I think those guys are both really comparable. I think Diva Chincha is going to have his nights where you wish you would have kept him. But I think on balance, if we're talking the next 35 games, you'll probably get a little bit more, you know, consistency in floor with Josh Hart. Matt says, do you prefer to hold your ads until after the deadline or do you treat it as a normal week? Very good question. Yeah. I don't play in a lot of, like, daily moves capped leagues, but I would I would hold my ads. I think because I think, I talk about this a lot. Like, the there are the the most impactful, I would say, probably 3 waiver periods there are of the entire year are the one before the first game starts. The, the one the week after, basically the first the after the 1st week of the season and then the the week of the trade deadline. So I would I would save all of your ammo and just wait until the trade deadline hits, and then just you gotta just go crazy with your moves then. I would just hold them. Alec asks, is Bruce Brown a trade deadline hold considering dropping him anfolds when my injured injured players get back. I said he's also holding Malik Monk, Asar Thompson, and Dennis Smith junior. I mean, I've heard a lot of rumblings that Bruce Brown could be on the move again. You know, obviously, it would depend where he would land. I think, you know, plenty of contending or pseudo contending teams would be interested. You know, it hasn't exactly taken off in Toronto. You know, started a handful of games. He's come off the bench for about half. I had a nice run. You know, he's putting up a bunch of blocks and steals, but, you know, really inconsistent. So, you know, I mean, I guess I would hold him and just hope that he lands in a better situation. I guess I've just I've never been that enamored with Bruce Brown. I think he was in a perfect role in Denver. And I think we're we're kind of chasing, you know, finding that that that perfect fit again. And, you know, there's just not to me, there's not that much upside. You know, it's like, what what is a best case scenario of Bruce Brown? He's hovering around, like, the the ninetieth best fantasy player. Yeah. I mean, exactly. I I just he's 27. He's not like a young guy. So if he gets traded, I assume it's to, like, a contender, and then he's basically a 6 man and probably not worth rostering. I think him and Fultz are droppable. I don't have any faith in Fultz staying healthy. I would I think it's good to hold Monk. I honestly very strong willpower by you to not drop Monk during this recent stretch, and he had to, bounce back games and his his last 2. I mean And Asar and DSJ. I roster DSJ. I want it to happen. We'll see what the I would hold him just because I don't know what the nets are gonna do, and, Asar is forever intriguing, but it's just not it's not happening. I don't know. Alright. Says, who are y'all taking in a points league? PJ Washington or Paul Reed? Another good question. A lot a lot of tough ones there. Chad's bringing it. Yeah. This is a really tough point of the year, and I think I would take Reed, but it's probably closer than I think most people would just be like, just get Paul Reed. But I think it is pretty close because even we talked about this earlier, Reed's book, it's as a starter, not that consistent. He's technically a better fantasy points per minute guy, 1.1 to PJ Washington, 0.9. But if the mickets are gonna be, you know, this, this different, then it's it's almost a wash. I think I would just rather have Reed, but it's close. Yeah. You know, Mark Williams is, we think, coming back at some point, that affects things. I do think I do think it's possible Washington. I think Washington could be moved, and I don't think it would necessarily be a better situation. Right? I mean, he's been even even though he hasn't been starting the majority of these games, he's been playing on a bad team that still, you know, puts up a reasonable amount of points. You know, he's involved in all these, like, weird shootout games where they end up losing by 20. And he's playing, like, almost 30 minutes a game over the last month. I just if he's traded, I don't see it being in bad ideal of a situation. And the other thing is this is a points league, and a big part of the reason that PJ Washington is valuable is he's a big man who who shoots threes. And, you know, it's not as rare as it was a few years ago, but he's hitting 2 threes a game and you're not quite as concerned about that in the points league. So, yeah, I I am I am very skeptical. And you can tell me, like, anything happens with Paul Reed in the next 2 weeks Either, you know, you could tell me he averages 18.8 minutes per game despite starting, or he averages 30 minutes per game and is, you know, the season savior. But I think that's where I would lean in a points league specifically. Alright. Trello 28 says which players are a mustache so far? He just got into the chat. Yeah. Move. We we'll do a recap, I guess, of who we've mentioned. Okonwu, if he's still out there, he is still available in, like, 30% of Yahoo leagues. So double check. We talked to Drummond. We talked about Scoot. I guess I I just assume you could could be considered a stash. You know, it might be Yeah. Picked up in a bunch of leagues already. You know, Corey Kispard, you know, a number of the warriors or the warriors, the Wizards, Koolabali. I think those are the main ones. Right? I mean, we if we really want to go deep, I know somebody we've talked about is like Nick Smith in Charlotte. Not somebody I would go pick up right now. You know, that's a wait and see. You know, if they if they purge that roster, maybe. But, yeah, anybody else come to mind? Would you consider us a star stash? Yeah. I was I was just about to say a star. People people people bring up a star and a man together. I actually don't know if a man's a big stash because I don't I think Houston just really wants to win and they're gonna continue playing a playing their normal rotation. I don't really think that they're gonna make any big moves. He's a stash in the sense that if you really think he's contributing to winning, he's gonna start seeing 25 minutes a game. Mhmm. He's been, you know, the past 12 games, 19 minutes, 26 fantasy points, which is great. I mean, if you really want a roster and wanna get 12 team points, Lee, go ahead. But I wouldn't expect them to start suddenly seeing 30 minutes a game like Assar might if the Pistons really pull the plug. Yeah. He should, man. I mean, I don't know what we're doing. I think, you know, to me, that would be a Bogdanovich trade. Right. And then then it's like, all right, the minutes have to go to him. They absolutely have to. There's no justification to keep rolling Kevin Knox out there the way they have. So, yeah, I would I would put him on my list. You know, somebody else I'll throw out there. And this is deep leagues only, you know, somebody who actually helped helped carry me to a title in a league last year when I was, you know, playing the matchups, playing the schedule game, had some injuries. Isaiah Joe. Isaiah Joe. Oh, it's a big game toward the end of last year. And this this ties into what we talked about with Josh Giddey earlier. If you're trading Giddey, which I again, I don't know if they will. You said what, 20% chance? I think that it's probably closer to 20% than it is 50% for me. But if they trade Giddey, yeah, you're you're looking to get a veteran back and maybe it's a wash. But if if the goal is, alright, get more shooting out there and if you can get Isaiah Joe to 24, 25 minutes a night even, you know, you're looking at, like, 3 made threes a game. He's he's at 9 games this year where he's played at least 25 minutes, and he's averaging 3 made threes on 48%. So, you know, somebody who's been hurt lately, minutes have been down prior to that. Again, we're talking deep leagues only, but if you're if you're, like, hard up for for 3 pointers, that's somebody I would consider. Deep category leagues. Yes. I would say. No point stakes. Yes. Category only. Alright. Claude Santos says, you think Melo is coming back? I don't see Carmelo making a return to the NBA. No. LaMelo, This this has absolutely killed my team, dude. I mean, I really love my team. I still love my roster. And I've gotten 22 games out of the guy who I took with, like, the 14th overall pick in that league. I don't know if he's coming back, man. I would say it's more likely than not that he does. You know, he's missed, what, 5 games in a row. I think tonight will be 6. There's been no indication that this is like week to week, although it seems to be turning into that. I don't really think Charlotte needs him to be out to be terrible. I mean, they are 10 and 38. What's going to be interesting, though, is, you know, like the battle for those those final four spots with the same lottery odds, I I don't really see Charlotte falling out of that. They they have about a 5 game cushion on Portland right now. So that would be kind of the only other team to monitor. But again, it's not like they're they're ripping off wins when the medals in the in the lineup. So I I think he comes back at some point. I would be surprised if we've seen them like fully the last of it, but he might come back and then get hurt again. True. I yeah, I would say I would believe he's coming back, but would not be shocked if it was until after the All Star break. That's that's what I'll say. Yeah. That's a good way to put it. Alright. We'll end on this one from Nomad. He says Asar or Amen rest of season. Who do you want? I would say Asar. I trust that situation a little bit more, but there there may not be a correct answer here. Yeah. I would say a SAR because they're they're not the same player. I think a man probably has higher upside, just like pure fantasy points per game, point per minute, whatever, however you want to phrase it. But I think that there is a better chance that Asar sees 30 minutes a game for the last month and a half than a man. Yes. That's exactly my line of thinking. Yeah. I think over the last month, like, events probably been the better option, but it's, you know, it's not like he's light a world on fire. Right? I mean, both of them are putting up great defensive numbers. They both rebound extremely well for their size and position. You know, men's a little bit better of a passer. You know, the shooting has been about what you'd expect. You know, the 3 point shooting is disastrous. The nice thing is neither of them are taking that many, so it's not killing them field goal percentage wise. But I want to see what a men's role looks like. I mean, Tara Eason could be back this week. I think it's expected that he's back this week. He's missed a month plus. That's yet another wing that you're throwing into the mix here. I worry about what that means for his minutes. I think there's a better chance that, you know, I'm not really high on this Houston team, but they're in the playing zone and they are you know, they've won way too many games where they could try to get down to the bottom 4. So I think they kind of have to go for it. It's not like they have all these obvious sell off players. So I think it's more likely that over the meaningful, you know, final month of, like, the fantasy season or the fantasy playoffs that amend is playing, like, 14 minutes a game and a star is playing 28. So I'm with you on that. Yeah. I think, yeah, the point about Tara Eason's great because Tara Eason's not a big name or anything. People might roll their eyes with because they might be like, well, why would it's just Tara Eason. Why wouldn't you give the Omen Thompson minutes over Tara Eason? Tara Eason still leads the Rockets in in plus minus. So, he's gonna be out there if he's healthy. Alright, man. We'll wrap it up here. Great questions. As always, everybody, appreciate, everyone following along, throwing us questions in the chat. We're always happy to answer those. You could comment on the video. We'll throw time stamps in there as well if you wanna skip through, to to a certain section, but there are some comments on there. We'll always go in and answer those. Please like. Please subscribe. That helps us out immensely. If you've enjoyed these throughout the year, that is huge. If you could give us a like and a subscription over on the Roadwire Fantasy Basketball YouTube channel. We will be back on Tuesday with with doctor Ray hosting. I'll be back with Brandon Kravitz on Wednesday. We'll have Rick and doctor Ray together. That's Rick Kamala, you know, from NBA TV. They'll be hosting on Thursday, and then Alex will be with Ken and Shannon for the usual waiver wire episode on Friday. Appreciate everybody listening. Like, subscribe. Go check us out on rotorwire.com. You can follow us on Twitter as well. We will talk to you next Monday.