Hey, everybody. I'm Doc. He's Rick. We're the Fantasy Hoops OGs. Welcome to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast sponsored by underdog and vivid seats. Here we go. Rick, what is happening? How's it going? And nobody died, Steve Alexander. Nobody broke into, nobody dissolved on the court in liquid form that will never be put back together again. Right? All this bubble wrap, we can't play a whole game. Zion's playing like he's dipping his toe in the damn water. How How do you get in shape that way? So, I mean, obviously, Stefan's a game winner. Okay. Greatest shooter of all time. I was just impressed that those dudes were playing all the way to the end of the game, man. We are close, doc a. Tuesday night opening night, can't wait, man. Well, you know, we are contractually obligated to talk about James Harden on every podcast I do, which is about 6 a week. Thank goodness I don't have this delay issue on all 6 of those or I would be in a institution right now. But, so we've gone from James Harden playing good soldier, practicing with the team, gonna play basketball to James Harden hadn't been with the Sixers since Sunday and was last seen bouncing around Houston, Texas, with no indication given as to why he was not with his team or if he's ever going to be with this team again. So what are we doing, Rick? Like, first of all, if you're looking at the 25th pick in a Fantasy draft, are you touching James Harden? And secondly, where are you just on a personal level with James Harden at this point? Me and James aren't homies. I don't wanna kick it with James in the club. Knock yourself out. Go with the I I'm I'm out. I've been out. I want to be out on him in the Cam Dynasty. He fell in the with our our inaugural draft last year, he fell, like, 4th round. I'm like, damn. Harden in the 4th round is some serious value, and he had a terrific statistical year. I'm so done with James Harden, man. You mentioned good good soldier. I think there was some misreporting going on here. You know, he's being professional, and he's checking all the boxes. No. He wasn't. He took part in 1 live 5 on 5 in the 1st 2 weeks of training camp. That's a hold in. As we know in the NFL, a lot of guys are upset with their contract. They go. They're there. Their body is there, but they're not doing anything. That's a hold in. Harden's gone from a hold into a hold out. I wanna give you the reality take and the fantasy take quickly. Daryl Morey needs to cut bait now. He needs to take a 1st round pick from the Clippers, a 2nd round pick from the Clippers, Marcus Morrison, Robert Covington, and move on with his life. That is reportedly what the Clippers are willing to offer. Daryl wants 3 1st round draft assets and those expiring contracts. Man is off the table, and the Clippers don't wanna give him 3 future first round draft assets. And I don't think they ever will, doctor a. So if I were more, I would take that deal before the Clippers move on with their lives, and make James Harden their problem, not my problem. Because he poisons every team he goes to, he will poison the Clippers if he goes out there. In fantasy, it's very simple. You can't trust him. He's injury prone. He's asked out of 3 teams in 29 months. He might ask out of the clippers if he's traded there. So he's dead to me in fantasy basketball. He is the deadest player to me in fantasy basketball in the entire NBA, Okay. Let me let me put it to you this way. If James Harden were available in the 10th round of the league, and I snicker every time I'm in a draft and he goes 23rd, 27th, 25th. I'm like, that's a benefit for me and and a massive l for that manager right there. 10th round, 12th round, 15th round, I am leaving James Harden to be somebody else's problem. Okay. I think, you you stated that very well, very strongly. I think we all know where you stand on James Harden. I'm in a similar position because you can't trust him. And there's some guys that I'm just not gonna draft no matter how far they fall, and he's he's one of those right now. Now I know a lot of guys we don't need to worry about it, Rick, because people are taking him in the second round regardless. Like, they don't care. They're like, I'm gonna take him. There's too much upside there and leave the league in assist last year. He can do it again this year. He can he can do whatever. I'm not taking the chance. I mean, Dave's Harden. You told me before we did put the show together that you wanted to talk some future odds, so we pulled some numbers, pulled some names. Let's talk about MVP, Rick. Who who, who's on the where's the smart money going for who's gonna win the MVP of the NBA this year? Okay, my friend. Alright. I have, let me go to your, rundown here. We've got, dual a dual rundown scenario here. I wanna get the odds that, are on rotor wire, via DraftKings. So, I'm just gonna run run this down, Dake. And as we continue this conversation, you know, I've got Jokic winning MVP this year. And, me and Antonio Daniels are gonna talk about this tomorrow on NBA radio on our show. But so Jokic at a +450, doctor a. Everybody, watching and listening here. And, by the way, quick shout out here to f Scott Foster. He is commenting here in StreamYard with us. He says 2 GOATs, Steve having another boomer moment, which, which I know. Hey. I got I got a big smile out of doctor a right there. I love it. So pardon me. Doctor a, we are 4 and a half x ing our money on Nikola Jokic to win MVP. There's no way it's plus 450. I think this should be plus 150, plus 200. K? It's early. Right? I remember, I was on Ronald Acuna to win National League MVP. K? And I believe it was plus 800, before the train left the station. Right? Oh, la la. 8 times your money. Okay? So it's early. Caleb Williams, who obviously took a hit last week in the Heisman race, but coming into the season, I thought his odds weren't flat enough. It was plus 3.50 plus 400, something like that. So I feel the same way here with Jokic. A guy that I'm completely out on, doctor Reyes, Luka Doncic, who is a plus 500 here per rotor wire on, the DraftKings odds. You have to win and have great stats to be an MVP. He's not gonna win, doctor a. 42 and 40, 41 and 41, 38 and 42. I don't know. Maybe they go 44 and 38. This is the west, buddy, And I think the west is super stacked. I don't I I I'm not even sure Dallas is gonna make the play in tournament, doctor a. I'm really not. And I like the moves they made. I like getting Grant Williams. Derek Gladly should add some bounce. I mean, he's better than Dwight freaking Powell. Right? But I I still can't get with it versus the OKCs, the Minnesotas, the New Orleans, all those other squads, man. So let's start there. Hot on Jokic at a plus 450. Ice cold dead in the water on Luka at a +500. I still think my head around the fact that people are I think the over under on Dallas wins is, like, 42a half, 43. I just don't see it. It's it's Kyrie, and it's Luca, and it's a bunch of guys, and they miss Jalen Brunson so bad. I don't know that they're ever gonna recover from that in the Luca era. I don't know. Luca, you know, put up with it so long before he's like, bro, I gotta go. I'm not gonna I'm not my whole career in that. I'm not by myself and not winning. I think the guy I like on this list is SGA, Shae Gilchrist Alexander, 1600. Dude, the the sky is the limit for SGA. The world is his oyster right now. Like, league pass, we were talking about I just did a podcast 5 minutes ago, and we were talking about we need to do a a tiers ranking for league pass to 1. I think OKC is gonna be alone in that top tier. I wanna watch them play every night. And if if they are better than we think they're gonna be, if they have a really good season, SGA would have a real chance to to win this award. So I think if you're gonna take a home run swing for a $100 to to win 1600, that's a good way that's a good way to go. So I love it. I've got, green. I I code. I just put the odds down, and I put guys in green that I would put my money on, dudes in red that I would not. And SGA plus 1600 is a guy that would that would get some money from me, or I would, you know, cosign a wager. Steph Curry at plus 1500, I really like it. He's won MVP before, obviously. Everybody loves him, so, you know, there's no reason not to vote for him. And if he goes 31, 32 points per game and we're talking about maybe a 403 point season. Doctor, I think Steph Curry is going massive this year. I think he's gonna have an awesome year chip on his shoulder from the wreckage of last year. And, you know, clock is ticking. You know what I'm saying? Like, when we get it's go time for this dynasty. I just think Curry is gonna have a huge year. And, and I wanna hit you with a long shot here for MVP. We're talking futures here. The fantasy OGs, your boys camp, and. Anthony Davis at plus 35100, doctor a. Plus one more. Anthony Davis at plus 35100. Okay? I can't believe he's this far down the list. I really can't. And I get it half man, half a season, blah blah blah, insert joke here. I understand. I I have a vibe and a tickle and a mojo about Anthony Davis this year. I do. And I believe he's going to stay healthy. I believe he's going to spike statistically and have a nutty 27, 13, 3, 2a half, 1a half line. Playing 65 plus games. Okay. I'm not trying to say he's gonna play 77 games, but I think we're gonna get 65 plus. And I think we're gonna get a defensive player of the year candidate, like, in the core, and I think we're going to get, maybe, like, 4th or 5th on the MVP ladder right behind probably the usual suspects. But I just think we're gonna get a big time year here from Anthony Davis. And if he's having a great year, let's say the Lakers are first in the West, and they're on pace to win 59 games. Anthony Davis will be your MVP of the of the NBA. If he goes 27, 13, and out of 4, whatever the line that I said with all the defensive goodies. And if the lakers have 58, 59 wins, we're talking about an MVP. So, Anthony Davis at a plus 35100. Doc A, I'm in Florida, brother. I can't bet, but if I could, I'd put a honey bean on, on Davis. I I try to make some, some 35. I try to make some stacks on this one, dude. I like that bet a lot. I think if I was gonna put money on an Anthony, it would be Edwards. But you're right. You know, if if the Lakers do end up being really good and and win a lot of games, LeBron and and AD are both gonna be in the discussion. So, Rick, who do you like, for most improved player of the year this year? So I like Jalen Brunson. And, interesting. I don't see, Jalen Brunson on, the odds that you put in our rundown here. And, I'm gonna I'm gonna try, not to be, terribly offended by that, because I feel like there may have been some editing, throughout that process. I'm just busting your stones here. But, I love, Jalen Brunson. He was 3rd in m in MIP voting last year. He fits the profile of a player that's about to make his 1st all star game. And given when you look at, they don't tell you what the criteria is, but you can read between the lines of what the criteria is through who the winners are. And the winners are guys that pop and make an all star team for the first time. Last year, Markkanen, first time all star. SGA right behind him, first time all star. This year, Brunson, I believe, is going to be a first time all star. The Knicks have gotten an all star in 2 of the last 3 years, both Randle. And I think this year, the pendulum swings towards Brunson. He averaged 24 PPG last year. I think there's room to get it up to 25 or 26. I don't see upside beyond that, but the most important metric here, Dake, is to make the all star team for the first time. And I believe the Knicks are gonna be a top 14 in the east. Maybe even not maybe, above Philadelphia. I stacked the east Milwaukee, Boston, Miami very tightly. 4th, I've got the Knicks, and then we can have different conversations from there. But I think it's gonna be a banner year for the Knicks, 50 wins. I think Brunson's gonna go large. I think Brunson's gonna be the clutch player of the year as well. The award that Darren Fox won last year. So I think he's gonna win MIP and the clutch award this year, doctor Ray. So, I'll look up his odds here in a minute, but, I would assume it's probably, like, plus a1000. At least 10 x on your money to bet Jalen Brunson for MIP, and I absolutely love that young fellow, man. I don't know about that because how much better can his numbers be than they were last year? And I I understand 1st all star team is a big part of it, but there's also a big part of it of of taking that big leap in stats. And I don't know that he could he could be much better than he was last year, which is probably why he's not showing up on this list. Go ahead and and look that up. I'll tell you, McHale Bridges in 27 games with Brooklyn last year put a big number that we talked about before on the show. But when you combine those with his Phoenix numbers, his his overall numbers are not mind blowing. It's gonna be easier for him to pop on those bad numbers in in Phoenix from last year in Brooklyn this year and do it for a whole season and make an all star team. I think that's why McHale Bridges is in the low AI on this totem pole as far as the odds go. I think, Jordan Poole is very interesting. He scored, what, 41 last night or something, 47. He's gonna I like I like Poole. I I definitely like Poole for this award. He's gonna score a ton of points in Washington. Austin Reeves is kinda sneaky. There's lots to like here. Okay. I'm, I'm tripping out right now. I'm in I'm in the twilight zone, dude. I am scrolling through the DraftKings odds for most improved player. I mean, dude, I'm down here around. Oh my god. Christian Brown, Patrick Williams. I'm still not at Jalen Brunson yet. Zion Williamson at plus 55100. Why is he even on this list? They okay. This is insanity. We gotta talk about this. Grant Williams on Yekka Okonwu. Like, what? Jose Alvarado. I mean, I'm all the way down here at the bottom. Alright? I got plus 10,000 on James Booknight who just had surgery, which I believe ends in season. Doc a, there's 50 names here. No. Uh-uh. 75 or 80 names here. No Jalen Brunson. We need to launch an investigation. What is going on here? This is weird, Dake. This is one of the best players in the NBA. I look. And I acknowledged it as well. There's not a lot of room for statistical advancement from Jalen Brunson. But we've got center stage advancement, and we've got the first time all star advancement. That might be enough. It might not be enough. Okay? To your point. But damn it, Jalen Brunson should be on this list at at plus a 1000 plus 1500, whatever it is. That's shocking to me. And to me and I've been on the DraftKings, doctor a. I believe they they shield some lines, like, I don't know. You know, in in in in basketball, like, when when a guy gets hurt and there's like a hot dude coming up behind him, and we all know that dude's gonna have a pot game in that first game without the star that's out, and then that guy's just off the board for that for that game. It's like, what? Why is he off the board? Because you think you're gonna put his line at 15 knowing he's going for 23 tonight? It's so shady to me. And and I think that's what's going on here with Jalen Brunson. Why in the hell would he not have odds on DraftKings for most improved player? Literally, I wanna launch an investigation about this. Yeah. Well, as as that as your last statement finishes in my head right now, this is in in insane what's happening. This is such a boomer. Such a boomer moment again. Rookie of the year, Rick. Maybe maybe this will be less frustrating for you. Maybe maybe all your guys are gonna be listed on this list appropriately. I mean, literally, does that make sense to you that Jalen Brunson doesn't have odds for MIP on DraftKings? Does that I mean, you just kinda moved on. Like, does that make sense to you? We we can move on, but is that do you find that weird in any way? You kinda cleared it all up, I thought. I I'm not that surprised. I I mean, is Joel Embiid on that list? Is Come on, man. Gekko on that list? I I just Come on, man. I think I think Brunson was I think in in people's minds, he was an all star last year even though he wasn't. He had a really good season. He put up huge numbers. We all thought he was gonna blow up in New York. He did it. May maybe he met maybe he's he missed the boat. May maybe that ship has sailed. I I just He's in the hunt. I mean, I think I think it has. And, let's go on to rookie of the year as I continue to deal with this. Wimby, plus 120. Scoop, plus 240. Chet, plus 280. B Miller, who has been, by all documented accounts, hugely disappointing since draft day, plus 1600, and Cam Whitmore at plus 22100. That would be a that would be a shocker. Cam Whitmore working of the year, but I'm going all in on Wendy here. I I don't know how I don't know that he cannot, live up to the hype unless he gets hurt. I, I love Wendy for rookie of the year. And, doctor a, I wanna bring, you and our audience into an epiphany that I've had since we have last been on the air. I work with a guy on NBA Radio by the name of Antonio Daniels. He is, one of the wisest and smartest and and coolest and best dudes I've ever worked with, and he, enlightens me and our audience a lot. Well, we were talking about rookie of the year in Wembley the other day, and I I said, you know, I'm afraid of the the late season shutdown. And and he said, he said, Cam, look this up. He said, let's look at the past couple of drafts because I don't think the top picks get shut down. Guys get shut down. Veterans get shut down, but they usually don't shut down the top guys. We went back through the last two drafts. Right? The Paula Banqueros, the Jabari Smiths, the Jaden Ivys. Kate Cunningham, 2 years ago, played all the way out to the end of the season. And and it was like, dang. A light bulb went on. He's right. They the Jalen Greens, guys like that, they don't shut those guys down. Shaden Sharp played late last year, had a bunch of big time games. Right? So, so Portland, if if that's a historical trend that will follow this year, Portland's not gonna shut down Scoot. They might shut down Grant and Ayton, but they're not oh, and maybe Simons, but they're not gonna shut down Scoot and Sharp because they need development. You know, in in Detroit, they're not gonna shut down Cade and Ivy and Durham because they need development, all this kind of stuff. So, like, the top top guys don't get shut down. So that was an epiphany for me. So now all of these guys are back in play, even when beyond San Antonio and Scoot on Portland. And, I I look. I don't like the odds here on when we Dake at a at a plus 120. It's extremely flat, extremely chalky. And and, honestly, there's risk involved. Right? He could get hurt. There could still be a shutdown despite, you know, what we think is going to happen. So I'm just not crazy about that. Plus 250, I would love 1 b. Plus, 120, not so much. I think Chet is the play here, docket, at plus 280 because I like the 2.8x, on your money. We are guaranteed that OKC won't shut down Chet. Guaranteed. K? Because they're gonna be in the I don't know. They're gonna be 5th or 6th in the west, maybe 7th or 8th in the play in tournament kind of thing, but OKC is gonna be very good. His stat line's gonna be amazing. 15 and 10, 2 and a half assists, 2 plus blocks, probably right around a steal per game, probably get a bang. What do you think, Dake? 1.2 threes? I think he'll he'll be at a 3, per game. So, so check to me is the way to go here, betting wise, at a plus 280. Yeah. I agree. I I the 120 is just the boring on on Wimby. Like, it it's just not it's just not fun. And I think if you're gonna if you're gonna play for something and try to win something, I think Chet's the way to go. I think it's gonna come down to Chet and Wimby, and I think it's gonna be whoever probably plays the most games or misses the least amount of games, between those 2 that's probably gonna win that award. But let me crank out this underdog, ad real quick. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for baseball leagues, including fantasy basketball. Basketball. Underdog featured best ball tournament for the upcoming NBA season has $500,000 in total prizes. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with the promo code rwnfl. That's promo code rwnfl. Visit underdogfancy.com or download the Underdog app today and use promo code rwnfl to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus as I hear RW NFL over and over and over again in my head. Rick, moving on from the gambling, who is in your top five for Nyan Cat right now? Do you have a top five list? Nyan Cat particularly interested in who were taken at number 2. As we all know, Nikola Jokic is going number 1 in every single league. Joel Embiid, very popular at number 2, but I could see SGA, Luke, or Ty Halliburton, being in that conversation. So I, I'm on a big man kick this year, doctor a, because, you know, we we can't we can't just do the same thing every year. And, and and I I I've just I wanted to tweak my draft methodology this year. And I I'm going it's not like I'm not taking smalls early if it's the right pick at the right time. Right? Like, maybe Halliburton at 11. Okay. Like, I gotta take them. Right? But, but I'm looking to go big, when I can early. Because I you know, it's just there's always guards that you like, in round 5 and round 6, and it's really not bigs that you like, at that point. So I'm trying to, I'm trying to lean big early. So, I am with the Embiid thing at, at at number 3, though. I've got Giannis number 2 behind Jokic, then I've got Embiid, then I've got Luca, and then I've got Jayson Tatum. And I I love Tatum. I mean, the guy blossomed into a 30, 10, and 5. Well, okay. He wasn't quite a 10. But a 30, 10, and 5 ish guy, which is Giannis ish. And, obviously, he's an availability guy. I love the fact that Tatum plays. We do add Porzingis. We do add Drew Holiday. I'm not sure Tatum's gonna average 30 this year, but, but I like the availability. I'm also not sure SGA is gonna average 30 this year with, with Chet. You know, Dort's gonna get shots. Jalen Williams is gonna get shots. Giddey's gonna have the ball a lot. And, I mean, I love SGA. Don't get me wrong. I see I could see him coming back to maybe 28 off of 31, but I got Jokic, then I got Embiid. Pardon me. Jokic, then Giannis, then Embiid, then Luca, and then Jayson Tatum. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Yeah. I don't have Tatum in my top five, but I do like Tatum a lot this year. He's he's an Ironman. I think he's gonna be out there playing every night. You don't really have to worry about him. I'm you know, the more the more time that passes with Luca every day right now, I'm a little more nervous about him than I was yesterday. He's questionable for opening night. He's always holding some part of his leg. It just makes me nervous. SGA, I have zero concerns about. I know he's gonna be out there every night. Ty Halliburton, I know he's gonna be out there every night. Tatum, I know he's gonna be out there every night. Makes me a little more and a little more worried about Luca, with every day that passes. But I think, I think if I'm I think if I've got the 2nd pick, I'm probably taking Joel Embiid. Think if I got the 3rd pick, I'm taking FDA. If I got or 6th pick, I I might take Tatum, but that's that's where I am. Who do you want it to turn? Would let let me ask you this, Rick. Would you rather have a top five pick this year? Would you rather have, like, pick 10, 11, or 12? Do you think do you think it's okay being at the end of the draft this year as opposed to beginning? That's a really good question. I don't know, Dake. I'm I'm kinda like I I want, you know, I I just think we're more premium at the top here. I do. And I think, like, if you're if you're in a 12 team league and you're a 10. Okay? So then you're going 10 and what what are you going? 10, 11, 12, then 13, 14, 15. So you're going 10 and 15. Okay? So, you know, right now, so you could go with, like, a Kevin Durant and an Anthony Edwards. So you could go with a Trae Young and an Anthony Davis. I mean, look, I like that. I do. I I think you can have a nice little, nice little sandwich there. I do like, you know, coming off of the early pick. Alright. So you're missing the end of the first round, the beginning of the second round, but then you're getting the end of the second round and the beginning of the 3rd round. And I think that's, still a really fertile area as opposed to, you know, when we drift, towards the back here with with their, comeback around. I don't know, man. I I just I would rather be up there swinging at the the, the Donciches, the Giannis', the Embiidzes', the Jokiches'. I would rather have a top five pick, but I I would totally it's a coin flip. It is. It's just a preference for me. I'd rather have these big boys and these big names. Well, I'll tell you what, if you are gonna get stuck in the back of your graph, there are worse that have available to you than Mikhail Bridges, Jared Jackson junior, Anthony Edwards, Trae Young. Those are all guys that are going in there. I feel like Anthony Edwards is about ready to take over the world. Like, I kinda feel like he's where he was last year. This is gonna be the year of Anthony Edwards. And if you can get him at 10 and then turn around and get, say, Jaren Jackson junior at 15 and start your start your draft off with those 2 young studs, I I think you're gonna be in pretty good shape for the rest of your draft. So I I don't really mind being at the turn. If I get the top five pick, I I want it because I want Luca, SGA, or Kai. I wanna start off with one of those point guards. But if if I'm stuck at the back, give me one of those one of those guys I just mentioned. I'm I'm pretty okay with that. Rick, today, it's not up yet, but at some point in the next couple hours, my first mailbag column of the season for Roto World is going to hit. I got a ton of good questions on x slash Twitter, whatever it's called these days. I took those questions, put them in a column. I do it every Wednesday. It usually runs on Thursday. And, we got some good questions from from the column this week, and then we actually already answered that one. Let's look at this. 10 teams, 8 cats. I have picked 1011 at the turn. Who should I be targeting? That's from my buddy, b Mac. I don't do a lot of 10 team drafts, Rick. I did an 18 draft 2 days ago, which was weird. Like, you talk about drafting all star teams. It's pretty weird, but I almost all the leagues I play in are 12. I think most of the leagues you play in are 12 teams. In a 10 team, you're looking kinda all star ish through, like, round 6. Who would you be targeting at 10 and 11? I would probably, I'd probably be looking at a Trae Young Anthony Davis combo. I'm gonna get, 27 and 10 from Trae with a bunch of threes. I'm gonna get a nutty, defensive player of the year type of stat line from Anthony Davis. You know, is there injury risk with Davis? There is. There's injury risk with a lot of these guys. I would also think about LaMelo Ball, Dake, and and maybe instead of Trae Young. That would be a consideration. I do worry about a shutdown with LaMelo Ball. Charlotte's gonna suck this year. I'd probably go Trey and Anthony Davis. In in a 10 team league, if I had 10, I'm going 10, 11. I'd I'd go Anthony Davis then Trae Young. Yeah. I like that. We were talking about LaMelo Ball on my podcast I just got done with. And LaMelo Ball and Anthony Davis, though, I feel like you're you're into Anthony Davis this year. I am. I am. And you're like, he's I'm usually not. I got the tickle this year, doc. I do. You're like, he's either gonna win me a championship or he's gonna get hurt and I'm gonna be screwed. And I I think that's the way it is. And I think we're in the same boat now with LaMelo Ball because he's got one ankle. The big baller brand shoes are have torn that family's feet apart. Lonzo, we may never see again. LaMelo is just floating around out there on one foot. It is sucks. I love LaMelo, and I feel like he, is one of the players that we really take it to another level this year. He could win MVP. If he played for a don't win more than 25 So LaMelo is so good, but, man, you take him to the 3rd round and he goes down 2 weeks into the season with an ankle, and your season's done. You can't replace a Nick Chubb or a LaMelo Ball or an Anthony Davis, when they go down. So it's interesting to see you all in on AD. It's interesting to see you kinda all in on the I like it. I'm I'm okay with it. I don't know that I'm drafting either one of those guys right now, but it it is fascinating to see you not scared of Anthony Davis. It's gonna come back to we're gonna talk about that at the end of the season and see how that worked out for you. And if it doesn't work out, we're gonna be complaining about it all season. So there you go. Who's on your do not draft list? That is I tell you what. That is perfect perfect, perfectly segued from what we just talked about because Anthony Davis is on my do not draft list. That's interesting. Look. I I'm probably on Campbell Island with this Anthony Davis thing. I just, you know, seeing LeBron kinda drift into the Robin role last year willingly and continues to, promote Davis as the bat man, and we saw Davis emerge as a bat man in the playoffs. I just think that, Davis is gonna take that to another level, this year. And, and, you know, obviously, it's a leap of faith with the injury thing, but, apparently, I I didn't wanna go into reports. Right? Because they just don't matter. We'll we'll see when we see. And and I I just gotta buy Von Davis this year. Sometimes you gotta go with your gut. Here's the do not draft list for your boy, Rick Kamla. Kevin Durant. Kevin Durant, I don't have the stat in front of me, doc. It's in my brain, though. He's averaged, like, 34 games a year over the last 4 years. What? Like, I mean, he literally is mister DNP. LeBron James, tongue hanging out at the end of the Denver series, always misses a chunk, since he got to LA with the exception of the championship year. I'm just so worried about injuries. I'm so worried about load management because they're trying to get him to the finish line. So LeBron is a no. Kyrie Irving is a no. And it's for the injury thing. Right? He's got an injury right now, the groin. Word is he's back to practice. Should be able to go opening night. We'll see. Jimmy Butler. He's too arrogant for me, man. He is a game misser. He's like he just I I don't think he values every game. K? Like Tatum does, like Siakam does, like Trae Young does. I don't think he values every game. I'll get him tomorrow. Okay. We got New York coming in here on Friday. I'll play that. Okay? So I'm out. Andy doesn't hit threes. James Harden, we always already talked about that. Kawhi Leonard, he's averaged 40 games a year in his 4 years with the LA Clippers. Bye. Paul George, he's averaged 47 games a year in his 4 years in a clipper uniform. Bye. And finally, Bradley Beal. And what sucks is I got 2 of these guys on my Cam Dynasty team. 2 guys I want nothing to do with. James Harden and Bradley Beal. It is what it is. Obviously, when they're healthy and alert, they're very, very good, but, but they come with a lot of injury risk. So that's my do not draft list. What about Brandon Ingram and Zion Williamson over there? Oh my god. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Zion is a yes. Brandon Ingram is a no. Okay. I am I can't I like I don't know how I missed Ingram. I really don't. I went through a long list and invented it. I thank you. Because Ingram is on my do not draft list. I will never draft Brandon Ingram. He's overrated. Okay? He doesn't give you enough threes. He's kinda that mid range guy. Right? He's not a huge what is he? 1.8 threes, maybe 2 threes. Right? He's not a 33 per game guy. So so there's that and he's a game misser and he's soft. He's soft, man. If I mean, last year, Dake, what did he have? A toe injury? I mean, dude, we're missing months on months on months with this thing. It never ended, man. So I I think he saw, D'Angelo Russell's another guy. Now that we're taught now that we get to the soft players. Right? Super soft, man. Let me I can make this definitive for everybody. If you've got D'Angelo Russell okay? Because me and Dake do a podcast here once a week. But you're gonna need advice, you know, on a on a Wednesday night heading into that late night Laker game. Okay? Remember these words. If D'Angelo Russell is questionable, he's not playing. He never ever plays through questionable. He never does. Never. And I rarely use the word never. Never play. So just know if you wake up or you you're looking at your team and you see the cue by D'Angelo Russell, got a game that night, move on. Put somebody else in your lineup he ain't playing. Okay? Back to you, Steve. Wow. That's that's good info right there. You wake up and the answer though is questionable, put somebody else in your lineup. Take them out. Put them in the IL plus on Yahoo. Stick them right in the IL plus. Go pick somebody else up that's gonna be in your lineup. The NBA season is here, Rick. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seed, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats being your favorite team crush it on the court through the sound of 1,000 of screaming fans, every dunk, dribble, every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. Because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus with a 100 100 percent buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today. Use promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit divotsheats.com. Experience live, Rick. Rick, can you rank for our friend Il Gavo these players? You ready? I'm ready. Khris Middleton, Kyas Jones, Derrick White, Terry Rozier, and Benwiddie. By the way, first of all, all of these questions are super, super heady, and I'm into it. Okay? So great job to everybody that fed doctor Ray's mailbag. Legit. I'm not just, I I think these are really, really heady questions. Here's the ranking. Tyus Jones is first. I think Tyus Jones has a chance to go like 17 and 7 and have really good point guard numbers. Not, you know, 20 and 10. I don't see that, but I could see 17 and 7. Couple of threes per game, 1.4 steals. I don't know about the percentages. It might be kinda yucky, but, but I I I think the raw numbers are gonna be pretty good. Again, we're talking about a sleeper here. Right? I don't know if he's gonna be a league winner for you, but I think he's gonna be good. I really do. And I like that Washington thing from a fantasy perspective, Dake, because it's very role defined. It's very we know where they're going with this. Right? I do worry a little bit about a shutdown. I do, because I think Washington is not gonna be very good. I do worry about a shutdown, but I'm I'm I gotta I'm full steam ahead on this. You know, Poole, I'm drafting. Kuzma, I'm drafting. Tyce Jones, I'm drafting. Gafford, if it's a super, super deep league. Right? I'll I'll I'll mess around with some Gafford. But number 2 is Rozier. Well, I love the 3 and steal combination from Terry Rozier. He's gonna go at least 24 and 4 for you. I'm a big fan. I like Terry Rozier. I think he's a very underrated Fantasy player. Khris Middleton is next. It's the injury factor. If he were healthy, he'd be number 1 here. But we have the injury factor. He's trending towards opening night, but it's still kinda murky. And we also have a downshift, Dake, from a number 2 role to a number 3 role, with obviously, Giannis and Dame taking most of the shots there. So we're not gonna get 25 and 5 from Khris Middleton. It's probably gonna be 1844, which is solid, but I'm I it I'm not really feeling that. Dinwiddie is next. And to me, his numbers are gonna come down off of last year because of Ben Simmons. Healthy ball, and Ben Simmons looks great this preseason if you guys haven't been able to watch. So I like Dinwiddie. I don't love him. And then Derrick White started 2 nights ago for Boston with Horford coming off of the bench in a dress rehearsal game, which I think was a clue that White's going to start. But I'm not geeked about him because he is 5th in the pecking order of that starting five. Tatum, Brown, Porzingis, Holiday, and then White. What does he get average, Dake? Twelve points with 3 rebounds and 4 assists and a steal and a and a 3a half? Like, I I don't know. What once Drew Holiday was traded to Boston, Derrick White kinda became dead to me in fantasy. Well, we poured one out for him when it happened because over over, you know, here at RotoWire and Swartz Toby, we were all freaking out like, oh, man. This is the year that Derrick White's gonna blow up and come in and kill it. And it you know, what a super sleeper. He's gonna be great rebounder for a guard, plays deep, plays both ends of the court. Marcus Smart's gone. Like, the world is Derrick White's oyster, and then Drew Holiday shows up. And it's like, oh, I guess we can forget about Derrick White now. The guy on that list I like, and I think you listed him versus Tys Jones. Like you said, the Washington vibe, they're gonna be terrible, but they're gonna be fun to watch on league pass. There's gonna be a lot going on with Jordan Poole scoring 40 a night, and somebody's gonna feed him The Rock, and that's Tyus Jones. And I think if you can get Tyus Jones or and or Trae Jones, San Antonio point guard and or Kobe White, who might be in the point guard in I think there's 3 guys that you can get made in your draft. If you if you can miss out on point guards early, they can salvage an entire season for you. 1 of those 3 guys is gonna have a huge season. All 3 of them might be might be good. So I like those, I like those sleeper point guards late in the draft this year. I'm not with you on Trey Jones, but I'm with you on everything else you said. You know, they're talking about Soham playing the point this year, and I'm just not a Trey Jones guy. I think he's a backup point guard masquerading as a starter, and so, yeah, I'm I'm, I'm feeling everything else you said. I'm just not a I'm not a Trey Jones guy. I got you. Alright. Let's go to another question from, my man, Chili Palmer. He he has a question every single time I do this column. Like, Chili is like he's like, old faithful, very reliable. Which point guard are you targeting in rounds 3 and 4 among Fred VanVleet, Cade Cunningham, Dejounte Murray, and Darius Garland. Who do you like of that group? So, again, it's just an awesome question. Chile, much love, man. I go Dejounte first. Out of these 4, I love Dejounte Murray. Dake, you've got phrases that go way back as an OG. I got phrases that go way back as an OG. And Dejounte Murray is fantasy gold, baby. You gotta have threes blocks and steals to win in fantasy. You gotta have them. And he checks all those boxes. Obviously, big time steel guy. Rare with the steals. 1.8, 1.9, like big time numbers. Right? He can help us out with the 3 ball, you know, between 1a half and 2 threes per game. Like, he doesn't kill you. He does. He's not massive, but he doesn't kill you. You just kinda can stand pat with the 3 game, but then you're getting the assist, the rebounds, the points. A pretty good percentages. He seems to get more efficient each year. And he's been able to find a really good statistical role next to Trae Young. They did not bring anybody in that's gonna vulture and change that equation. Okay? I love Dejounte Murray. Kate Cunningham is next. Should be, I don't know, doc, a 227 and 7. Right? Kinda like a LeBron light type of stat line with a bunch of goodies from there. He's a defensive minded guy, so I do see steals. Garland is next. Although he's I don't know I don't know why. I the Garland thing is fading for me a little bit, Dakay. I I I would still mess with him in fantasy, but I don't the the way Cleveland went out to New York in that playoff series has, like, poisoned me on the calf thing, man. Like, I've it just I still have that bad taste in my mouth right now. Matter of fact hold on, sir. It's still there. It's still there. K. Caps, it's on you to get that taste out of my mouth. And then lastly, Fred VanVleet. Dake, I mean, I'm so over the 3 for 18 from Fred VanVleet. Right? I mean, we're all again, fantasy gold. We're all in this quest for 3 balls and steals. Right? And VanVleet is elite at 3 balls and steals. But my god, man. And he's not gonna have as many shots. Right? Because you're sharing with Brooks in green and Shangoon and Smith and Amen and Tara Eason. And, I I just don't see him jacking like he did in Toronto last year. So that's what I got. Did Jonte, Cade, Garland, and VanVleet? Now the Fred Van Vleet Houston thing is gonna be interesting to watch and see how that goes. I feel like he's gonna take a a fantasy hit because they're not gonna be playing to win. They're gonna be playing to, you know, hang in there and and teach young kids, and it it's gonna be sort of a strange setup there, I think. You know, you mentioned, Ben Simmons earlier about how good he looks, how funny he looks. I took him with the final pick in that 8 man draft I did. Something I said I would never do, but he does look good. And with the last pick of the draft, mister and relevant, you get Ben Simmons in the case just in case this is the year he plays many games and it's crazy even if he can't make a free throw or he still has issues. But Luke Smith wants to know, Rick, would you take starting point guard for the Raptors, Dennis Schroder, at the end of your draft, or would you take Ben Simmons? Again, it's a great question. I like them both. I I do. I I I I will mess with Schroeder at the right point in my draft, and I will mess with Simmons at the right point in my draft. Between the 2, I'll take Simmons. I think there's more upside. We could be I mean, the Philly Simmons. And he's kinda looking like the Philly Simmons. I need to see more, but he's kinda looking like that. He's saying he's back to the Philly Simmons. The Philly Simmons was 15, 8, and 8. Alright? That's gonna be better than any 3 catch stat line that Dennis Schroder puts up. Dennis Schroder is not a big steal guy. Ben Simmons, the question I have he looks very good with his movements. Right? The question I have is quick twitch and and, you know, defensive reactive ability and all of the elite defensive stuff that he had before all the back surgeries. I need to see more Ben Simmons in that regard as opposed to glimpses here in the season. So that's still a work in progress, but he will have potential to block a shot per game and get about a steal and a half per game. So I say Ben Simmons on this. I'd rather roll the dice on him. And this is weird. Okay? I am telling you right now that I am fair to parley bullish on Anthony Davis, Zion Williamson, and, who's my man that we're just talking about? Sorry. I I got I got thrown off. The the guy that we're talk Ben Simmons? And Ben Simmons. K? Zion, Anthony Davis, and Ben Simmons. If you ask me this heading into last year, k, I would have said, I'm out on all 3. Okay? Like, they would have been on on my they're dead to me list. Okay? And now, fair to partly geeked about all 3 of them. There's reason for it. Right? They're all in great shape. They're all heading into sort of prove it seasons. They got a big motivational chip on their shoulder. All 3 of them trying to shh all the haters, and I I like that. I like the bounce back factor. Dake, I like betting on teams. K? And when I when I, give my college football picks, I like betting on teams, good teams, coming off of a loss. Alright? Because they're pissed, and there's a motivational chip, and you got the the the regression back to where they should be and all that kind of stuff. So I'm feeling all of that with Zion and with Anthony Davis and Ben Simmons this year. It is a yes, yes, yes. I cannot wait to see how this goes. I it's gonna be a long summer possibly if, they all revert back into their former selves. I I hope you didn't get caught up in the media day. He's in the best shape of his life. He's put on No. It's for watching him. You know what I'm saying, doc? It's for I've I've watched Ben Simmons play. And, and again, it's preseason, so you don't know if a guy's really going full octane in a 105%. Right? Maybe he's going 85%. So you know what I mean? There's that. But he looks good. He does. He's he had a steal and a run out jam. Okay? He's hitting fadeaway jump shots out of the post. He's coming down and draw defense and kicking. Like, he looks good. He does. Alright. We got one more question, and then we're gonna get out of here, and then we're gonna figure out how to never have this relay happen again because I'm not ready to lose my mind. Question, is Dimonas Sabonis, Rick, in your mind, a top ten pick head to head leagues with bonuses for doubles and triple doubles. That's from jp@onefastdog. Sabonis is not for everybody. Right? He doesn't block shots. He doesn't there are thing he has holes in his game as far as fantasy goes. Are you a Sabonis guy? I am a Sabonis guy. 10th overall, I don't know. Feels a little rich. He doesn't hit threes, he doesn't steal, and he doesn't block. That is 3 major hits. He's an availability guy, played all last year with that jacked up thumb. Right? And super appreciate that. I love the I don't know, doc. What was his line last year? 17, 12, and 7. Right? Let the league let the like 0.3, 0.3, 0.3 in the in the fantasy gold categories. Right? And that's where that's everything. I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry. I know it's gonna get you dub dubs. It's gonna trigger those bonuses and, no. I'd rather take Anthony Davis. I would. And Davis is gonna Davis is gonna trigger, you know, not the triple double stuff, but the double double stuff. He's gonna have a 1,000,000 double doubles. I I I gotta have threes, blocks, and steals. It is my predominant thought and games played. Okay? Let's add a 4th thing there. Blocks, steals, threes, and games played. It's my predominant thought every single time I draft, every pick I make. You just, described Jaren Jackson junior to a tee. I love Jaren Jackson. Your threes, your blocks, your your steals, your games played. No Ja Morant for 25 games. Like, Desmond Bane and j j j and triple j, man. I'm pretty fired up about all of it. Rick, we are out of time. This has been amazing. I've gotten to hear our entire conversation twice already. I will listen to it a third time as I as I time stamp this out on the podcast. I'm literally hearing everything 10 seconds after you said it as well as live. So we gotta figure that out. We're gonna take a minute to do that right now, but, the OGs are out. Rick, thanks for coming in. Thanks. We're gonna do it again next Thursday. I'll be back on Tuesday with a special guest. Not sure who it'll be. It might be I'm not sure yet. But I'll be here Tuesday, and then Rick and I, as always, will be here on Thursday. I can't wait.