Hey, everybody. Welcome to the award winning Rodelire Fantasy Basketball podcast. It's Tuesday, December 5th. I'm Steve Alexander, doctor a. He's grumpy old man, cranky old man. Ken the k train, Crites, and we're gonna talk some fancy hoops right after this sweet jam. Ken, I think all of our loyal fans know the drill by now. We're gonna do some news. We're gonna talk a little panic meter, talk about some hot players, our favorite segment, get off get off my lawn, a couple of old dudes. Maybe look at a bet or 2, maybe dig up another, doctor a tail from the attic. I see. I hope so. Brush with greatness. I wanna hear it. First of all, what's happening? How are you? I'm well. Still getting over my Celtics losing last night, but, back to not caring about the end season tournament after caring about it. You know, when your team's out, then you're like, oh, it's stupid. Focus on the championship. But, I'm well. How are you, sir? Is it, you know, I know you're down in Atlanta. You know, we have snow here in Vermont. It looks like a Christmas Hallmark special, but how's Atlanta? You're like in a T shirt. Oh, yeah. We're good, man. We're good. It it was cold this morning. It was, like, 36, but it'll be close to 55 or 60 today. I might I may go play golf. I don't know. I haven't decided yet. I scraped ice off the car this morning. You're gonna go play golf. Oh, well, my son's windows were fogged up, and, he woke me up at 7:15 because he, got stuck in the driveway. Because we live on a mountain, so he's off all the way off the driveway halfway down the mountain. So I had to go take care of that. More antics from the my son and his backup failures. So as long as he's going forward, he's okay. Maybe yeah. We'll have to hear about that more at the end of the pod. Yeah. I don't know. How about those in season games last night, sir? Yeah, man. How about them? I'll tell you the you know, I'm from Indianapolis, so I'm sort of a always sort of been a Pacer fan, always sort of not been a Pacer fan. I'm I was always more of a Dominique Hawks guy than I was a Pacers guy, but, I mean, I spent all my time at Market Square Arena and at Pacer games. So and, also, my bold prediction for this season was that the Pacers are gonna win the east. That was a heart that was a a bet via the heart, not the wallet there, but I like it. Yeah. Well, they wanted bold. Deep. I gave them bold. But I I like the mix of young and old. Tyrese Halliburton is taking over the world right now. First triple double. That was surprising to me. I I was shocked too. I I texted you right away. Can you believe tonight's his first triple double? I just assumed it had happened earlier. You would think. And and I'll tell you that my favorite thing about this tournament so far is was last night because now the only game in town, the only game on TV, it's on national TV, and it is a one game win or go home situation, and it was cool. Like, that that was fun. I enjoyed it much more than the pool the pool process. Yeah. I agree. It was fun. I'm bitter about the Celtics, but, yeah, it was fun. And, hey, you could tell the Pelicans are taking it pretty darn serious too. Yeah. They wanted to fight. And the Pelicans all of a sudden look like one of the deepest teams in the entire league. I mean, Jordan Hawkins didn't even get off the bench last night. Yeah. Well, Zion can stay healthy. I'm knocking literally on wood here, but we'll see. We're gonna talk about Zion, a little bit later because he's I I think I don't know if you saw Charles talking about him after the game, but Charles is like, dude, if you're not gonna score, you gotta get rebounds. Yeah. If you're not gonna rebound, you gotta you gotta score. I mean, you gotta do one or the other. You can't just be out there. Yeah. But at least he is out there, and he's healthy. So there there is that. I do love it when Charles goes to town on someone. He's one of the few people with enough gravitas to get away with that where they don't players don't whine about it. Yeah. So news news from last night, we already talked about, the Pacers a little bit. Tyrese had a triple double. It was a big triple double. His averages of what? It's 2510. Did you see that stat where it's only him, LeBron or him and Jordan and, Grant Hill that have ever done something? Oh, I did not see that. Whatever it is, I think SGA is gonna be there fast, it's a fast approaching. But, yeah, the Halliburton stats are fantastic. You love how the Pacers are like, he's our star. We're building around him. You know, that's where the fantasy gold is when a team's all in on somebody, and everybody else is a piece to complement them. Halliburton, some of those deep 4th quarter threes, I mean, they're 4 or 5 feet off the line. Pure confidence, knows they're go already backpedaling on some, knowing they're going in. I was like, whew. That guy's got some cojones. Yeah. And the one he hit where he got fouled, he didn't even really get the release least the ball, and it still was money. Like, I I don't know. What did you see with, Tatum and his postgame presser? Did yeah. He swear it because he has to go home instead of Las Vegas. Yeah. I love how they like like, Tatum is always playing up the family guide. His kids are running around, but, you know, give him, like, family time or Vegas. He's like, yeah, I kinda wanna go to Vegas. Well, you know, Vegas has been an interesting place because it used to be for adults only. And then Yeah. Like, in the eighties, they made it all kid friendly, but it was super cheap. Yeah. Like, everybody's like, oh, you get a hotel room for, like, $40. You get free buffet. You take everybody and just go crazy. They get all their money gambling now. You gotta pay. It's just like Yeah. Your hotel room's a $1,000 a night. Your buffet is $80. I mean, it's Yeah. Yeah. And it's not all that kid friendly anymore again. So Yeah. Anyway, Pacers are moving on. We'll see who they play. They play the winner of, the Knicks and Oh, Knicks and Knicks, Milwaukee. Knicks and Bucks. Yeah. On Thursday in Vegas. Well, we might as well skip number 2 and go straight to number 3 since that is also related to last night. Pelicans advanced to the final 4. Despite an off night from Zion, Brandon looked really good with 30 points. Sure did. 8 boards 6 times. Trey Murphy, 2 game sample size, but he looks awesome. The I was watching, Pelicans game a week or 2 ago. I don't know their announcer crew. It's like an old real old guy doing play by play and and what sounds like a young former player doing color commentary. And, the the younger guy said they showed Trey Murphy in a suit, and he said, Murphy's gonna be an a multiple all star when his career is said and done. I was like, oh, I like Trey Murphy. Love his efficiency, but that was quite the hot take. Maybe a bit of a homer pick. But I've been Storm Murphy on my bench in a few different leagues. Love that he's back, and we'll we'll see what Herb Jones's role is moving forward. They may alternate starting those guys, but am I overly excited about Murphy? What do you think, sir? I don't think you're overly excited about him. I don't think, I don't think the other dude is go I don't think Herb Jones is going anywhere. I don't think he's going away. He's he plays he he's gonna be one of the best best defensive players in the league for years to come. Yeah. And he's he's kinda turned into a monster this season. You know, maybe Murphy doesn't need to start. He got 30 minutes off the bench last night. So, if he's their 6th man and probably they want him to be 6th man for a while and bring him slowly back, maybe give him a night off here and there, to ease his recovery. I I think it's safe to say that if you're hanging on to Jordan Hawkins or Yeah. Dyson Daniels. Yeah. But but Time to go bye bye. There's they're too deep. Yeah. Well, now McCollum's healthy. Yeah. McCollum is, like, a second round guy this year. He was never been a second round guy. He's always 6. Well, it's a point guard role. It's him playing true point guard, which he never did Portland to just boost his assist numbers. And they don't even amazing. Oh, he does. He does. I just well, just knock on wood with that whole lung thing. Yeah. But, you know, enjoy it while you can. Let's get back to the Kings man. Porzingis I just do wanna mention. He is supposed to come back for that game the next game. What well, as you said, the winner of the Knicks Bucks game. I think it's Thursday night. Win and they play Thursday night in Vegas, he would be back for that one. Yeah. So we'll see. He should be back Friday for their I don't know what they're calling these. You'll lose in the tournament game, whatever. Yeah. And if you lose in the tournament, do you still play on Thursday? No. I I like those ugly floors, or do you go back to your regular NBA floor? You I don't know. I I I'm too old for these in season tournament floors. They're giving me seizures. But, yeah, Porzingis should be back soon. Let's see. I know I know you wanna dive into the crazy Saturday game. No games on Sunday, which is unacceptable. But, yeah, Lucas' game on Saturday. Yeah. I wanna know like, I woke up on Sunday morning. Let's say I was tired, and my son, the one who can't drive a car Yeah. He's 4 years old. Yeah. Did you see the Luca game? And I was like, no. What'd he do? He's like, dude, he had, like, 36, 18, and 15, and they lost. And I was like, what? And then I heard about the 30 nothing run-in the Q4, and they still lost? They don't well, they play defense clearly during that 30 o run. But, you know, there's a real problem that Kyrie and Luca don't play defense. And to have both of your guards be sieves is kind of a problem. You know, Luca kinda turns it on every now and then. I was gonna say, I feel like Luca at least tries to play defense. He tries. He puts a body on somebody. He alters a shot now and then. He's a post op, but you can blow by him. Kyrie is like you know? But, you know, Kyrie's got to play again. Fake arm moves around, pretend he's giving effort. Kyrie didn't play that game. He's got the sore foot again day to day. Derek, Derek Lively, sir. Derek Lively went crazy. Breakout. Twenty points on 9 of 9 shooting. Probably won't go 9 of 9 every night. Kind of blocks. 16 boards. Yeah. And 7 blocks. Hello? I I the FSGA expert league is a free agent, so I bid crazy money for him in that. We'll see. I mean, you have to. I mean, he's Yeah. He's shown signs of doing that all year. They need a big man out there clearly to play defense and get rebounds. Are you saying you're willing to give up on the Powell Klieber rotation? I am. I am. But, you know, also, Dallas got off to a really hot hot start to the season. Everybody's like, oh, MVP, Luca, and well, they're 36 over their last 9. Starting to catch up with him. I'm surprised his back hasn't given out yet from carrying the entire team on it. Yeah. Yeah. I yeah. They need some defense there. Lively could be the rim protector they've needed for a while. We'll see. But, yeah. We'll He certainly meets the eye test to this one. Absolutely. Absolutely. Alright. And we got, so we probably should explain this whole schedule tonight. We got 2 in season games. You mentioned 1, Knicks at Milwaukee. The Bucks are 4 and a half point favorites. And then, the second game out west, Sun's at Lakers where the Lakers are a point and a half favorite. I think LeBron's game time decision cap, but he hasn't missed a game. Is that just phony baloney reporting by the Lakers to play it safe? Or Well, they they're mixing it up this year because last year, they were both questionable and game time decisions, him and Anthony Davis. Well, this year, Davis is probable every night, and James is a game time decision every night. So they gotta keep it guessing. I don't know. I mean, you know LeBron's playing in this game. Right? Got it. Right? You know, spotlights, national game, crazy turn in season tourney. Only game in town. Like, he has to play. So I think they're both gonna play. I'll and I we're gonna talk about it at the end, but I I really like the Lakers done tonight, actually. Question on the Lakers, though. Question for you and the Lakers. Is now trade high time with Anthony Davis booked on where the inevitable street close injuries kick in? Yep. It's probably a trade it's right trade high on Anthony Davis. When Porzingis comes back, it's time to get rid of him. Wymbanyama threw us a little red flag last week. Sure did. They were only playing 2 games, and then he sat out 1. So then it's a 1 game week, and that just killed me. But, yeah, there's a bunch of guys that my buddy Keelan, coach k was on here couple weeks ago, and he was talking about Anthony Davis and and Porzingis and Wimby. And he was like, get rid of all of them. Trade them all. Solve your headache now instead of later, but, you know Well, and I think the Celtics particularly learned their lesson with Malcolm Brogdon last year. They pushed him a little too much during the regular season, and then he got banged up in the playoffs, and they'd be crazy to do the same risky thing with Porzingis. And now with the. Right? What are the Spurs plan for this year? They're gonna be in the lottery again. They need to, you know, the they probably need to up they gotta upgrade a point guard. Probably salivating at college point guards right now. They don't wanna win now. I mean, what is pop doing exactly? Is are they tanking, or are they trying to lose every game they can? Because they've lost, like, 13 or 14 in a row, 15 maybe. The the cool thing about Wembley, he only needs 20 minutes. I only need him for 20 minutes a night, and I'm good. He'll get 4 blocks. He'll get 9 rebounds. We're gonna be here about his back and then a knee or ankle thing all year round. Oh, no. Just give him his 20 minutes and put him on the bench, and I'm I'm good with that. Let's let's let the man let's let the man play. Alright. Underdog Fantasy, kid, is the number one platform for NBA Basketball and BFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code RW NBA. That's proto promo code RW NBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today, and use promo code rwnba to claim your free Redwire subscription and deposit bonus. Free. That's promo code rwnba. Look at this. I got I got me a little Christmas present. I'm fired up about it. Who loves you? Who loves you, doctor egg? Rode 1. Apparently, you do, I guess. There's not many who do it now. Pay for that. That was corporate funding. There's not that many people out there who who love me, but the ones who do, I get cool stuff like Rota Wire or Swag. Swag. No. We should find out from Jake if there are extra rotor wire travel mugs. Maybe we make that a prize on our next pod. I don't know. Best live question. I have not been reading the live I tried one. Oh, there's 29 in there. I know. We got people that like us, apparently. I'm sorry. Oh, do we wanna oh, let's see here. We're gonna pick one out? Should we pick one out before we get I bet there's a question here about Oh, yeah. About a guy. Oh, they're almost all these are from the same dude. Let's Oh, here we go. I just got offered Harden and Jaren Jackson junior for my Halliburton. No. Hardcore win trader fare. I'm not quite sure what that hardcore is. No. You keep you keep Halliburton. Come on. This is crazy. Well, the I've one of the things I was gonna say is who's scariness right now? We're getting ready to talk about the panic meter. Mhmm. Jared Jackson junior was the first guy on my list. Yeah. Yeah. He's down in the eighties ranking wise. He's he had a great game. I think his last game he played, he was Yeah. 30 points. Or something. The the blocks are down, which is the biggest bummer. They're they're still pretty elite, but they're not shooting's awful. Insane as yeah. Exactly. And that's just their offense is terrible. You know? Like, who's setting them up? They don't have a point card on that team. Marcus is out. We all know Jaw's out. So he's gotta create his own shot, which is not traditionally what he's had to do. But the drop from 51% last year to 42% this year is, frightening. Very. It is. And, you know, back to the back to point blank point blank missh let's go ahead and throw this up here. To answer your question, I'm with I'm with the k train on this one. You keep you keep Tyrese Halliburton. I don't think you want I don't think you want to deal with James Harden on your fantasy team this year. I don't think you want to deal with James Harden. You and Ty Lou are like, oh, oh, jeez. I saw some on Twitter like, hey, man. I just need 10 games to get my bearings here, and it's like game 11, 7 points, 4 turnovers, 3 rebounds. What is PJ Tucker quote, which I'm not sure has been verified. I saw other people quoting PJ Tucker saying, there's not enough basketballs in the world for this team. Not not to go around, just the entire world. Right. You can get all the basketballs from the entire world, and there's not enough. Alright. Well, that was look a little impromptu live questions. Maybe we get a little more at the end. Maybe I'll I'll try to answer some live ones while you come up with your brush with greatness story unless you've already Oh, yeah. We can we can look at that. I haven't even thought about what I'm doing for that. Alright. So what else is on your pan you have someone on your pan and meter that I agree with. Kate Cunningham just that I mean, the whole organization, the whole team. Shan Shannon, you know, my Friday cohost is a lifelong diehard Pistons fan, and I gave him what's usually my old man rant slot, and it it went, like, 20 minutes. Monty you know, Monty Williams, highest paid coach of the NBA. Hey. Nice work, Monty. Good to see it. We had to take Ivy's trade value. But he was going in and out of so many topics, and I just felt bad for him. He just that was a proud franchise. Well, I think Ivy is making a comeback. I'm not too worried about Ivy anymore. I kinda I think it's a good time to to get in on Ivy if you can. You're off the killing Hayes bus. Yeah. I was never on the Killian Hayes bus. That was one of those buses that, I'm not station. Never left the station for me. Or is that a little bus? With a little bus? Oh. Oh, get together. Oh, hey. Cade, though. Cade is deceptive because his numbers, core numbers, the county stats Yeah. Look fine. But when you add everything together league, it's great. Right? Yeah. When you add it all together, he's just I I can't tell if he hurts you or helps you. It's 3 years in a row. Granted, his second year is pretty short, but 3 years in a row shooting 41 and a half percent. At what point is that not just rookie jitters and a real problem? Your lead shooter can't be under 42%. That's like Marcus Smart, you know, lead defensive player can shoot that, but not your offensive lead player. Yeah. He he's not a good shooter. And then the t o's are up too. He's at 4 and a half turnovers. Ugh. Come on. That's awesome. Yeah. So yeah. I mean, he'll he's hurting teams more than he's helping even though you'll see him go for, like, 24, 9, and 6, and you're like, oh, that's pretty good. But there's no steals. There's a bunch of turnovers. There's poor shooting. You gotta be in a points league for Cade. So, hopefully, you you hope the name value can help you in a trade deal, or there's a Pistons fan. Yeah. His name is bigger than his game for sure right now. Yeah. And then Julius Randle, dude, like, he's the very last player that shows up in the in the stats, in the in the rankings on a certain website, that I have looked at. A 188, he's gotta be about the same place in rotor wires rankings. He can't shoot. He's not blocking shots. He's not stealing. He's turned the ball. He had 2 single digit point games in the last 5. But you can't you cannot rely on Julius Randle to do anything. Do you think that the Thibodaux constant yelling has just worn him down? Like, I think some players love to be coached and some frankly do not. And Thibodeaux strikes me as one of those guys whose voices you get tired of hearing pretty quickly. Not only his voice, man. I'm just looking at his face while he's over there on the sidelines, like, arms crossed. He's just like He should play the penguin in whatever the next Batman movie is. He looks like a guy. He looks like he's, you know, in a massive amount of pain on the sidelines, and and you know he's just screaming at people at all times. And I'm sure they're just like, look. Look, old guy. Right. Right. Like old man who's never won anything. Don't care. I really don't care right now. I I can see Julius Randle being like, yeah. I don't care. Yeah. Thibodeaux looks like he can't wait to go home to kick his dog. And then I think, along with your memorial permanently, panic meter listed player, Andrew Wiggins, we should probably throw Jordan Poole and Tyus Jones on there as well. Like, those 3 guys are just permanent. We have to Poole doesn't surprise me. I knew Poole would be in over his head and couldn't be a team leader. But Tyus Jones, I thought, finally. Opportunity for Jones, he's earned a starting gig, and he's been just Melba toast. Just nothing. Just not seizing the moment. I get it that probably pool drives him nuts, but I had I had all your expectations. Horrible. Horrible. Horrible. Yeah. Alright. Who you got? Who who's on your panic list? Well, I'm still well, Cade and Wiggins have mentioned, McHale Bridges, he's turning it around. So, this is more panicky last week, but I certainly expected more upside from right now, he's kind of an early 4th round pick value, though everyone took him in the second versus last year's just with Brooklyn stats. His points are down. His turnovers are up. His threes and three point percentage shooting are both down, and his free throw shooting's down. I do think he'll turn it around, but those were a scary first 15 games. And you know what I thought with Johnson out early and then Cam Thomas was out, We'd see Bridges really carry that team like he did second half of last season, and it didn't really happen. Maybe hopefully, it's just a slow start. I'll say this, though. Brooklyn now, now that they're healthy, I love what Nick Claxton's doing. Nets, I think are a real challenger in the east. I know I'm getting off topic, but, I I'm I'm I'm happy to see the bridge, the nets healthy and see what they do. I agree with you. I mean, they look good. I mean, if Cam Thomas is gonna do this all year, and it I think he might, and that's, like, your super sleeper, my 30 deep savior. Expand of the year, baby. This is this will be the 1st week I've had him in my lineup this season in 30 team. So I am very, very excited about that. I mean, I think his real role is 6 man off the bench. You know, when he goes on a heater, you leave him in there. He's always gonna shoot. And whenever anyone's hurt, you stick him in the starting lineup. But, yeah, excited about Cam Thomas for sure. What about Spencer Dinwiddie? Oh, man. He is so he's a roller coaster. And he he was very Better than Tyus Jones. Yeah. He is. Well, that's yeah. Yeah. I mean, he he's a veteran. Like, he he's actually not a bad guy to be putting in the middle of the cams and the Knicks and whoever else. Not a Oh, he's kind of a shoot first point guard, you know, where I think they'd rather he'd be more of a distributor. But what I don't know what's so befuddling to me with Dimwiti, and I have him in some keeper leagues because he was cheap last year. He's a veteran. Right? So why is his why is his performance so rollercoaster? Like, it's not like he's getting acclimated to the NBA. Here's a guy whose role should be pretty clear. They don't really have a great backup point guard. Why is it so dicey what Dimwitty's role is? I don't know. At first, I thought it was Simmons, but we haven't had a deal with Simmons for a while, and he's still up and down. Who? Exactly. Wait. In fact, why did I even say his name? It's so pleasant not to say his name. Who are you talking about? Did you say Simmons? No. No. Sorry. I I was referring to a a a an Australian ghost that I saw kangaroo. The Australian ghost. We didn't start that name. That could be a keeper. Yeah. Exactly. That's good. The the Australian ghost. And then here's the here's the little shooting guard that is gonna disappear now that now that everybody's healthy. Why can't I think of people's names? For the Nets? Yeah. Oh, boy. I don't know where you're going with this, but let's think about The dude Not not Cam Thomas. No. The Not Lonnie Walker. Lonnie. Lonnie? Lonnie was kinda balling there for a minute, but I think he's always does that. He all he's been a tease with the Spurs, with the Lakers, and now that he's gonna have 4 great games this season, and good luck predicting when those 4 great games start. He's already had them. I I think we're we've taken care of that. They're already done. But, he's gonna go away. Like, I've got him on a on a roster too right now. But They're healthy. The Nets were healthy. Now the Nets are healthy just like Hawkins. Yeah. Yeah. It's time. It's time to move on. Yeah. Because, honestly, they love playing defensive guys like Maurice O'Neil Moore, DFS. You know, so, he's not gonna be Dennis Smith, that was the terrible the bad backup point guard I was trying to think of. DFS. We should not be press yeah. We should not be pushing Dinwiddie for minutes. Though Mavs fans, they used to think he was the savior. Remember how many years ago did you think, you know, did the Mavs think Smith and Luca forever were gonna be the dream combo? That seems like a 1000 years ago. Yeah. It was. Alright, Ken. You got some get off my lawn? I am tired of NBA players complaining about every call. Every call. Ime Udoka was right when he yelled stop bitching to LeBron James. It's a terrible look for the game. Get back on defense. Play the damn game. I love Jayson Tatum, 6 Celtics, Homer. But, man, Tatum complains on every call when he should be getting back on defense. It's the one thing I hate about Tatum's game. That's my get off my lawn. What's your get off the lawn? You It's a good get off my lawn, and and I'll talk about Luka Doncic because he's my guy, and he complains more than Tatum and LeBron put together, I think. Like, he complains after every single play. Yeah. Literally. And you're right, man. Let's just get out get out there and play. Like, I know look. The refs aren't perfect. Yeah. They're humans. This game is played at such a speed and pace and tempo. I don't know how refs keep up with Pacers games. I'd be like at my knees trying to keep up with the, you know, with the wicked pace the Pacers are gone, but so they're gonna miss some calls. Play defense. You make it worse when you miss a shot badly, then complain about the call, and the other team goes down and gets an easy layup. That's like a 4 point play. Oh, drives me nuts drives me nuts. I'm gonna go back to an underdog bad beat from last evening that involved Obi Toppin of the Pacers. His coach 69. 69, Obi Toppin. Yeah. Yeah. Was 3 and a half rebounds. Like, he's gonna play big minutes. He's playing against Boston. Fast pace means a lot of shots, which means a lot of rebounds. He's gotta hit the boards. I hit 4 out of 5, and Obi Toppin finished with 2 rebounds. Pretty sure he had 0 in the entire second half. So thank you, 69 Obi Toppin. And then Jordan Hawkins was in my dang FanDuel lineup. Oh. And he played he he had not sat out any games thus far. Right. He was playing well. He only had to score, like, 9 points or something. Murphy. And that would have been fine, but he didn't even get off the bench. So I I guess he's done. I guess that run is over. Trey Murphy plus 24 point differential last night. Plus 24. That could be the death of Hawkins right there. But back to your top end rebounds, I had the over on Al Horford getting 7 and a half rebounds. He got 4 in the Q1. I'm like, uh-uh. Easy money. He then got 3 the rest of the game. In fact, Tatum twice stole rebounds from him. I'm screaming at the television. What are you doing? Well, Horford's been so good since Porzingis went down. I thought Exactly. And And I thought they he was gonna have a big game yesterday. You know, they rest him for Cornett in less meaningful games, but I'm like, this is in season tournament. Big Al did play 31 minutes, but he took 3 shots. And guess who outplayed him? Cornett. Cornett was making 2 Thunderjams. And he was making hustle plays. He was getting Tommy points. He really was. He was the green cornet. It was fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was awesome. Peyton Pritchard over 5. Oh, he was he's Yeah. That was I can't I can't roll with, Peyton Pritchard unless I know somebody's not playing. He needs a true point guard to set him up, and they're pairing him with, a Banton, you know, the the former Toronto Raptor youngster who's, like, 610. A point guard, crazy length, but he doesn't he's not really a playing card. He doesn't set so Peyton's always trying to score off the dribble, and that's not his game. He needs a catch and shoot some easy threes to get in the groove. Well, who hey. Who are you let's get to hot players. Who are you excited about? K train. Who are some We have tech issues. Alright. I was gonna ask you. I'll I'll go first. You go first. Skyline Barnes is returning 1st round Fantasy Day in. Finally. What? Last year's big breakout just delayed a year. Just delayed a year. The breakout was just delayed a year. And I didn't see it I didn't see it coming, man. I I was like, is Scottie Barnes really ever gonna be as good as we think he's gonna be? And, I mean, we're only 20 games in, but he looks amazing. Well, it's only his 3rd season. And remember, every article was like, the only way the Raptors can improve this year is if Scottie Barnes, you know, breaks out. I don't know. But, yeah, the the blocks oh, you know, 1 and a third blocks a game is fabulous. Shooting more and yet the shooting percentage goes up, not down. Fabulous. Nine boards. Man, the boards are fantastic. I mean, I thought they were talking about making him a point guard, but he's playing more like a power forward. Like Yeah. Well, he's still getting 5 and a half dimes. He might be is that more than Schroeder? He might be getting more assists per game than Schroeder because Schroeder is a shoot first PG, but, let's see what He's also destroying OG and an OB in the process. Yes. He is. Schroeder's got 7 assists a game. Oh, I take that back. Sorry, Dennis. I owe you an apology. OG is killing me in a multiple leagues. Yeah. What? I they well, isn't he in a walk year? Isn't he and spicy p? You know, isn't this the last year of their contracts? You gotta keep both of those. I believe so. They can't keep both of those guys. They may not mind OG losing value. Well, OG, I mean, he he's fantasy value. He was, like, 3rd round last year. He's, like, 8th or 9th this year, so it gets drastic. It's not just Percentages of tanks, haven't they? Let me look this up. Feel like yeah. He's gone from almost 48% to 46, but his free throw shooting is down to 58, 57%. How does that happen? How do you go from 84 to 57% in 1 season? Ask Andre Andre Iguodala. He did it multiple times. Good point. I assume that was just age, though, because he was, like, 48 when he retired or something. I don't know. I don't know. But, yeah, Scottie's rise has led to OG's fall, it would appear. Okay. Well, you're taking a big name and pointing out how he's even playing better. I'm gonna go the opposite route and make a free agent scrub suggestion. Malik Beasley, who I hate in real life because his defense is terrible. But in fantasy, he's their catch and shoot guy. There's no grace and Allen there anymore. Connington and Crowder are both hurt. He's just getting crazy minutes because their bench now is bad. And look. Do I want him on the Celtics? No. I do not. But do I like him catching shooting threes? And he's rebounding, which is shocking to me. It's probably a 2 or 3 week run, but check Malik Beasley is a very cheap pickup in your waiver wires. I totally agree with that. He he's the guy who who are some other cheap pickups right now that, I don't know. Well, maybe not cheap, but if Mike if old man Mike Conley is out there, he has been steady and reliable. You know, he ranks Conley ranks 50th in total stats in 9 category leagues. He's got a 6 to 1 assist to turnover ratio. He's sitting over 2 threes a game, and everyone just assumes he's a semi retired, but, you can get him on the cheap. He's pretty rough, man. I I and you you've been talking about him for a minute, so this is not it's not anything new. I think, Derek Jones junior Mhmm. Yeah. On days when Kyrie Irving's not playing, he's been balling out for Dallas. Great DFS option. Is his minutes sustained, though, when they're healthy? I don't know if I mean, I don't know, man, but he's his game log is 33 minutes, 31 minutes, 34 minutes, 20 minutes. So he's played 30 and 3 in a row. And in those 3 in a row, he's kinda he's kinda balled out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see. Green's been out for hasn't Green missed a few games for them? Yeah. But I think they're done with Green. Oh, really? Oh. I I feel like well, not done done, but, like, like, Derrick Jones junior can help us right now. We're tired of waiting for Green. Well, Green's going to bench. Turn into this thing. Doctor Ace. Let's let's mark this day and time and get to this when I'm back 4 weeks from now. 4 weeks from now. So, yeah, Derek Jones junior is a guy I have been I have been grabbing. Yes. I always thought when he went to Miami, he was gonna do well. Many signs with Chicago when they had that big three that are not very big, and you're like, he's not gonna get any minutes in Chicago and then, I've never been a a DJJ guy. I just think that the I think Luca likes him. I think Luca trusts him, and Luca needs somebody to trust because he he ain't got much. You should replace the Nick jersey back there with a Luca jersey because your heart's clearly several of them. Alright. I'll do it right now. But the other guys I had on my list, they're all big. Well, they're mostly big names. Chet Holmgren, 1st round fantasy value. Thank you very much, everybody Yeah. Yeah. For doubting him. And I was one. I assume the injuries would pile up. I did. It's early. Kirby It still happened. Kirby Jones, 3rd round value. CJ, 2nd round value. We talked about these guys. And Malik Monk, which you didn't get into, when we were talking about the Kings, but you don't like the Kings bench other than Malik. Other than Monk. They I mean, what do they have? Alex, they have no you know what? Sabonis is your center. You need somebody else as a rim protector, and they don't have them. Trey Lyles. No. Not gonna happen. That bench scares me. Sasha v, EuroLeague MVP has not really panned out for them. I think he's only average less than 6 points a game. Yeah. That Kings bench scares me. But back to, cheap good pickups, how about jjj, but the other jjj in Miami with Bam Adebayo out of week, I junior. Hakez junior. You know, we had a discussion about him on this podcast a week ago. Yeah. And I was like, man, when they're back at full strength, I get it. Like, Jaime has turned heads. He's won over. He's won his teammates over. He looks right out there. Mhmm. And guys are like, but he's got is he gonna get 30 minutes, and is he still gonna be worth having? And I was like, I don't think so. But now I'm not so sure. Like, I think they sorta need him. It's almost like, though, they'd rather he lead the bench squad than take Highsmith's role in the starting lineup. Right? Like, with the starting 5, they want Bannon Butler taking all the shots or Hero when he's healthy. And so I think they're happy with Jaime leading the bench squad kind of in a menu role, but we'll see. I think he's gonna get his minutes, but whether he starts or not 30, you're right, might be might be a problem. But, you know, when Bam first got hurt, who was that in that win they had? Was it Indiana? They let they let a hockey play, a Caleb Martin, and Butler, for, like, a 15, 16, 17 minute run where they just left the Pacers in their wake. And you're like, oh, it it was impressive because, yeah, he passes well from the perimeter. He's posting smaller guys up. It's an all around game that you could see Spoelster really likes. Yeah. And I think his teammates like it too. He's out there, you know, dapping it people up and chest bumping everybody and getting them fired up. Like, I don't know, man. I think I think Jaimee Hawkeyes may be worth holding on to for the entire season. So Yeah. That's a good one. I can. What do you like, what do you like on the gambling side of things tonight? I'll go gambling, and then you think about your awesome, brush of greatness, and maybe I can answer a few of these live questions that are coming in. That's a lot of multitasking on my end. I'm not sure I can handle that, but let's see. My my I'm getting ahead of myself. Sorry. My bet tonight, I like the Knicks at plus 4a half at Milwaukee. The in season tournament just changes things. You saw with the Pacers manning up against the Celtics last night. Bucks and Knicks have only played one game this season. The Bucks won it by 5, but the Knicks shot under 40% in that loss, and the Bucks hit 51% of their threes. I don't think that's gonna happen again. What to me was more telling from that one matchup was that the Knicks outrebound in Milwaukee 56 to 41, and I do expect that to continue to happen. The Bucks are missing Crowder and Connington. They've really struggled to have some bench production, and I think the Knicks might care about this more. Milwaukee has grander plans, so I'll take the 4 and a half points for the Knicks tonight. Alright. I'm going in underdog. I'm going with Malik Beasley higher than 1.5 blocks and steals. Okay. It's got a pepper next to it, which means it's a it's a fire pig. It's it's, yeah, it's like 1.5 times money. So, yeah, I'm I'm kind of feeling Malik Beasley. I'm also feeling, Brook Lopez higher than 5 rebounds. Okay. And I'm feeling Isaiah Hartenstein. She needs to get me one block. One block. As you pointed out, the way Randall's playing, Hartenstein should get a little more minutes. Right? Should. Should. And then I have got Anthony Davis in the little article I wrote for ESPN. I've got Anthony Davis winning the MVP of this in season tournament, which means the Lakers need to win it all, which means they need to win tonight, and it's Lakers minus 2 against the Suns. I'm going with the Lakers minus 2. I think if AD and LeBron come together on the same page, Austin Reeves plays well, Good things can happen. Honestly, I think a a one and done format plays the Lakers advantage. Right? Like, those guys can't stay healthy for a 7 game series. But one and done, perfect. You know? These got old guys. Could they could do that and then take the next few days off. Hey. Under rotor wire client, underdog has really won you over. I love how you're all in on the on the Oh, I'm all in. I play every day. Yeah. I put, like, 12 lineups in for a dollar a piece just trying to win the lottery. It's fun. Fantastic. Fantastic. Yeah. Until, I end up in gambling hospital. A buck a day. A buck a day. You can sell that RotoWire travel bug at eBay. You know? No. I'm I'm one of those guys where I I know my limitations. They always say, don't you know, don't bet this if you don't think you can afford it. Oh, I know. I got that covered. And frankly, it's sadly $1 still gets me excited. It is all it takes. It's just it's just some love of the game. Alright. You think about your brush with greatness story. I'm gonna try to pick off a few of these, live questions. One says, do I drop Killian Hayes for Derek Lively? Yes, yes, and yes. I can't say that emphatically enough. Somebody, Trey Murphy has the higher ups. Oh, wait. Somebody's asking Murphy or Brogdon. You gotta go Trey Murphy just because he's gonna be healthy. Brog you're gonna Brogdon's gonna drive you crazy on nights when he does or does not play. Absolutely go with Trey Murphy over Brogdon. I really hope, by the way, that doctor a is getting some fabulous memorabilia. He is an insane memorabilia collection. A DFS question. Should I pick Portis tonight or pick up Herb Jones for Thursday? I think I go with Herb Jones. I think I've that's a bit bit of a coin flip. Oh, I do see some paraphernalia. Let's see what we got here. I can get Bane for LaMelo. Should I accept? I would take Desmond Bane. LaMelo Ball's game count is gonna be a problem all year. Oh, you went to you go into Luca. We might have to either tilt your camera down more or raise the, the jersey rack to see these better. But, I'm talking to a man with his headphones off. Sorry about that. Did you survive without me? I rattled off a bunch of answers from the, live questions, which our fans very pleasantly entered. Thank you very much. Is there one I can let me see if I can do one. Thoughts on Reeves rest of season? Austin Reeves is gonna drive you nuts. He look. He's never gonna be he might not be top 3, top 4 options at offense. I would I would I'm not I'm not a big Austin Reeves fan. I think he's a little more popular for reasons I'm not allowed to say on this podcast. Wow. I am an Austin Reeves fan. I was expecting him to be a focal point, the 3rd cog, if you will Yeah. For them, and I still think there's a lot of time and a hope for that to happen. I think D'Lo doesn't care to pass. He will pass to hall of famers, but I'm not sure D'Angelo is gonna be given the ball up much to us. D'Angelo has looked really good at times. He has. Here too. He has. Alright. Alright, Steve. Give us give us your brush and brightness story to hit this spot. What I've got here what I left you by yourself for is, this is a Karl Malone Oh, sweet. Autographed Akeem Atonic shoe. What is that brand? What is that brand? These are the Atonic Dreams. This is this is Akeem's signature shoe back in the day. And these were neutral gray, but Karl, as a rookie, colored this in purple with a marker. I see you talking about that. Wearing he was wearing these. And then this is a Wayman Tisdale Reebok. That was his pacer days, I assume. Right? Yes. For Tisdale? Yeah. So, anyway, I That was Reebok when Reebok was in the game and paying a lot of money for players. Yeah. Yep. I was a big, Mailman fan when he was at Sure. Louisiana Tech. I thought the Pacers should take him instead of Waymond Tisdale. Pacers took Waymond. Most maybe fans don't know. Right? You're you're where would you camp out after Pacers game, and what stadium are we talking about? Well, this is before the Pacers game in the Hyatt, downtown Indianapolis. Okay. K. Thank you. So the elevator doors open. This is 1980 4. Somewhere in there. Yeah. Doors open on the elevator. Mailman comes out. I'm like, mailman, what's up, man? We should've taken you instead of Waymond. Waymond just feels garbage. You're the man. Talking all his trash. Pandering. Just pandering. Just trying to work the angle. He's like, thanks, man. And, I mean, do you think I can get your shoes after game? He's like, yeah, man. I I got you. I'm like, oh, okay. I'm like, I'll I'll just be waiting outside the locker room. He's like, sounds good, man. Sounds good. He, like, really couldn't care less, actually. He was like, can I just get through this lobby? Can I just get to the team bus? But the and, like, I walked with him to his team bus and dissed Waymond Tisdale all the way there. So so he gets on the bus. I'm like, alright, man. Good luck. Play well tonight. I was like, yeah. I'm gonna get mailman shoes. Like, I'm so excited. And, so after the game is over I don't remember. I've I've got the stats somewhere, but I I don't have it handy. But, mailman or all the youth all the jazz players come out of the locker room. I don't see mailman. And so, like He's making an effort to dodge you. Bobby Hanson comes off the bus or something, whatever. And I'm like, hey, Bobby. Do you know where mailman is? He's like Which I I know reserves love being asked about the Star Blazers. He's like, dude, he went back to the hotel, like, 20 minutes ago. Like, he he got a private ride or some some stuff. I'm like, no. So I ended up walking back to the Hyatt with Bobby Hanson and, Mark Eaton and another Jazz player, Rich. Okay. I can't tell you the guys last name. It's hard hard to just quietly walk anywhere with Mark Eaton, I would think. Like It is. I'd stand it out like a human tree. And they they all wanted to go somewhere to eat, but it was, like, Sunday night in Indianapolis in the mid eighties. There were nothing going on. It's like a ghost town. I remember one of them kicked the door on a Nat King Cole restaurant on the on the circle, and he's like, this place sucks. And, so we get back to the hotel. And when How old are you how old are you, by the way, at this point? I don't know. Like, 15. Okay. Yeah. T. Alright. Got you. Yeah. About the same age as my son who can't drive a car. And, so me and these 3 dude Rich Kelly was the other player's name. And 3 of us walked back, and I don't see I don't see, mailman anywhere. But then the team bus pulls up, and everybody's getting off that. And about that same time, another car pulls up, and mailman gets out of that car and gets into a black Mercedes that's parked right next to the team bus. And I'm like, man, this dude is avoiding me so hard. So I, of course, walk over to that Mercedes and knock on the window the passenger side window. Window rolls down. It's his horse's black tip. Window rolls down. I look in there. Mailman's looking at me. And I look in the driver's seat. It's Waymond Tisdale. Getting there and getting the club together. I'm like, oh. Does mailman sell you out? Does he say to Waymond, hey. This kid said the the Jazz should've or the Pacers should've taken me instead of you. I don't know. I'm like, hey, Waymond. Mailman, you told me you were gonna give me your shoes. What's up? He's like, Cole just flipped up. He's like, dude, I'm wearing them. Like, I'm wearing them out. They're the only shoes I have. Like, are you kidding me right now? Like, why'd you tell me you were gonna give them to me? Well, you know, I I didn't know. I was like, alright, man. Well, have have fun tonight. I'll see you later. I, like, turn around like like, Charlie Brown. You know? After Lucy pulled the football or and, he goes, hey, man. He's like, what's your name? And I go, Steve. He goes, alright. He's like, I'm a leave him at the front desk. You come get him tomorrow. And I was like, alright. And I was like, right. Yeah. The way this is going, that's not gonna happen. So, so I went home, went to bed, got up for school the next day. Of course, first thing I do is get the white pages out, the yellow pages out, and I look up the highest number. I call down there. Girl answers the phone. I go, hey. This is a weird question, but is there a huge pair of basketball shoes sitting behind the front desk? And she goes, what's your name? And I said, Steve. And she goes, yep. I've got them right here. And I'm like, no way. So I went to school, and I had to wait all day. And then I got you know, my mom drove me down there. We picked them up, and I got them. I was like It's a success. And Wayman left one. So it was one for Mailman. No. No. Wayman's was a separate transaction Oh. At a separate time. When you were telling him, hey. Weren't the Pacers smart? They took you instead of Malone. Yes. That's when I was kissing Waymond's butt instead of man. Yeah. I could listen to your brush of greatness stories all day. We need our we need rotor wire to fly us in to the company meeting. So you and I can just sneak off to the bar, drink old bourbons, and, and I wanna hear brush of greatness stories the whole the whole night. I got a lot of them. I got a lot. But, yeah, that one that one's that one's pretty good one. Yeah. I can't believe you left them. And, I I haven't taken very good care of them, but they've also they're just deteriorating because they're all 40 years old. But it is You don't you don't put them in, like, the the the plastic box thing? You don't have of your stuff is probably worthy of the plastic box stuff. It is. It is. But when I when I had my house in Indy, I'm sort of rich back then because I didn't have a bunch of kids, and I had a I wasn't in the fantasy sports industry. I had, like, a real job. Yeah. And I had this I had this shelf around my pool table where I had all the shoes, like, up on the shelf, and I it was just it was kinda badass. But then we moved to Georgia in the middle of nowhere, and they all went in trash bags and the movie truck, and they just sort of been sitting around ever since. I installed in my sports cave in the basement a shelf above the TV for my bobbleheads. So it's bobblehead collections. I don't have the stuff you have, but, I have some more amusing than valuable bobblehead stuff down there. But My daughter's got a Braves bobblehead collection that's pretty sick. Nice. It's up there with the best ones I've seen. Nice. Nice. Nice. Alright, man. Well, I think we did it. We ran a little bit over, but, hopefully, it was it was okay for story time. Absolutely. Let's close with a shameless plug for Rotowire. Fans Do it. If you'd like to see doctor a's content as well as mine on Rotowire for free, go to rotowire.com/try for a free temporary subscription. No credit card needed. Just go to rotowire.com/try. Steve, thank you so much for having me on. I always worry someone's gonna say, Ken, you're not qualified. Doctor Ray deserves better. So I feel like I'm sneaking in every time, and I love it. Awesome. Well, I I love having you. It's fun, and I I'm glad we got a semi semi, consistent thing going. And then, Cam and I are gonna be back on Thursday at 10 AM instead of 11. I've got Oh, OG starting early. We're it'll be interesting to see if we both make it to the show inside because Cam and I are not morning people. But I have to be somewhere at noon. And, the The great thing about Rick is even though he's not a morning person, he still sounds like he's had ton cups of coffee and ready to go. Doesn't matter what time it is. He it he's yelling and ready to roll and good to go. So alright, man. Thank you so much, and we will see you guys on Thursday. Bye bye.