Hey, everybody. I'm Steve Alexander, doctor a. That is Brian Rosenworcel, drummer of the band, Guster. It's Tuesday, December 26th, the day after Christmas. We're here to break down what happened on Christmas day in case you slept through some of it, which was easy to do. I, for one, forgot that it was Monday, but that's another story. Today's Tuesday. Let's do a podcast. Oh, hold on. Where's my I'm not ready. Well, I'm gonna have to be where did it go, Brian? What are you talking about? This. I mean, can you believe they let me host my own show, Brian? I mean, somebody should be here in charge besides me. Was I supposed to make my screen horizontal like yours? Because I'm vertical. You know? I I mean, if I had a producer, if there was someone here in charge who knew what was going on, if there was somebody here to to play that that music when they're supposed to, we would we would have answers to these questions. Right? It's an insane amount of responsibility, Steve. Absolutely insane. And I I constantly worry that I'm gonna sleep through one of these and not be here for it. I mentioned before I couldn't find the music intro that, I forgot yesterday was Monday, which it's easy to do during the holiday season to lose track of what day it is. But I was sitting here at around midnight watching Luka Doncic just go nuts, And, I was gonna write I had to write one little game recap for that, and then I was gonna go to bed, refresh as a daisy for this podcast today. And then it hit me, it's Monday, and I have a huge writing assignment due that takes me about 4 hours to do. So I did that from midnight till 4 AM, and here we are. Here we are staring at the crust in your eyes, Steve. Yes. Actually, I feel pretty good. Feel like I came out of that on the other side. We did it. Let's talk about what happened, on Monday, Brian. The New York Knicks, I I understand your New York Knicks, took out the Milwaukee Bucks. I've argued since day 1 that the Bucks are not nearly as good as they were without Jrue Holiday there to play defense. It makes Boston that much better that they have him, especially when you add in Derrick White to that combo. And then the Knicks, you know, Jalen Brunson scored the 3rd highest total on Christmas Day in Knicks' history. He had 38 points. Julius Randle had 24. RJ Barrett quickly had 21 and 20. And my guy and your guy, I noticed he's on, he's on your team. Again, your your team had a lot of players play on on Christmas day. Isaiah Hartenstein Hartstein came through 11 points, 8 boards, forces, and a block at 33 minutes 30 minutes and 6 straight games. I'm all in. You know, 6 years later, Brian, I am all in on your Hargenstein call. Well, you know, this is a breakout year for Mitch Rob. So let's, like, acknowledge that this, Knicks surge as well documented by Tommy Beer is, it's more than Brunson. It's been, it's been Mitchell Robinson, but, you know, we're looking at a solid 2 more months of Iheart, and I'm ready. Yeah. And Hart Hartenstein's available in a lot of fantasy leagues. Like, Brian and I probably aren't gonna aren't gonna enlighten the world with too many things, but I think we can both say that you should be picking this guy up if he's available in your in your league, especially if you need a center. And all's it took was for every center in New York to be injured, and Tom Thibodeau is suddenly playing him 30 minutes tonight. It's it's miraculous. Yep. I mean, you're not gonna get huge scoring numbers, but you're gonna get, you're gonna get some defense. You're gonna get some boards. It's gonna be a solid contributor. He's not gonna give you the hustle of Julius Randle. That's a joke. Yeah. Well, you just cut it off so abruptly. I wasn't sure if there was more I wasn't sure. I was waiting for the punch line, Brian. So the Knicks play 3 more games this week. They play 4 times next week. So Hartenstein, I think, is solid pickup. And if you need a guard and you wanna go with Emmanuel Quickley, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. He's he's he's at least making some noise in the 6 man 6 man race. The Bucks were led by Giannis' 32 points, full stat line. Damon Lillard had 32 and 8 8 assists. Four three pointers. Khris Middleton, season high 24 points. That's kind of a big deal. He had 20 on Saturday. He had 24, on Monday. Maybe he's finally getting healthy. Maybe he's gonna start looking like Khris Middleton again because so far, he hasn't felt very Middleton ish to me. And then Malik Beasley was one of the buzzkills on Monday. If you if you rolled with him in DFS or you've got him on your team you know, he'd been playing pretty well at 19 on Saturday, and, he didn't score a single point on Christmas day. Yeah. That's a bummer if you rolled with him. But like you said, the proof is in the the bucks without Jrue Holiday and the Celtics withdrew Holiday. There are these players who are beyond their fantasy statistics. They're just real life winners, and I think Holiday is one of those guys. I I agree. And, you know, to not to not to diss Dame Lillard. I mean, Dame Dame's a he's a good dude. He's a fun player. He's he's fun to have on your fantasy team. He's it's fun to watch him play generally, but he just doesn't have that defensive dog in him that Jrue Holiday has. And Jrue Holiday when you add Jrue Holiday and you've got Derrick White having a big role, one of the best rebounding guards in the league, and then you got, Kristaps Porzingis healthy and playing like he did yesterday, I don't know who's gonna beat the Celtics, but many years. Yeah. They they look like geniuses over there with, Derek White. I mean, that guy is putting up offense and defense right now. He's he's just a winner. Seems like someone in the front office there knows what they're doing. I question the Porzingis trade. And if he stays healthy enough, they may they might look smart there. Well, and I feel like they're going to let him rest whenever he wants during the regular season, whenever they need him to because they don't need him out there every night to win games as we've clearly seen. And, you know, Porzingis can take one game off every single week from here into the playoffs, and the Celtics are gonna be just fine. And he'll be ready to go during the playoffs. I'm gonna skip over, the next game on the docket, which is Nuggets, Warriors, to talk about the Celtics and Lakers since we're already talking about the Celtics so much. Then we'll go back and get that one. All 5 Celtics scored in double figures. Porzingis led the way 28 and 11, 2 blocks, 2 threes. He's only played in 6 of their last 12 games. He's had a ankle injury, which is better than a knee injury, I suppose. Jayson Tatum had 25 points. Jaylen Brown got hurt, went to the locker room, collided with LeBron James, hurt his back, came back, played through it. That was good to see. Derrick White, 11 rebounds, 2 steals, 2 blocks, 2 threes, man. I mean, what a what a baller. Drew Holiday had 7 assists to steal a block, 3 three pointers. Both of those guards scored 18 points. Impressive road win at the Los Angeles Lakers for the Celtics. Feel like they kinda wanted to make a statement in this game. I I feel like they did. Oh, the, Celtics moving forward get the Detroit Pistons on Thursday, Brian. Now the the Pistons, as we know, have lost 26 straight games. After Monday night, it might be 27 as they host your former Brooklyn Nets. How many guys are the Celtics gonna sit and see if they can still beat Detroit with on Thursday? I mean, they're not playing Tuesday or Wednesday. That should give Porzingis and Jaylen Brown time to nurse their injuries, but you gotta wonder if they're gonna be in the lineup. I can't understand how a team can lose 26 games in a row. The Pistons have Jaylen Duran returning tonight. I was able to activate him in a league where he was on my IR spot, whereas Porzingis last night, I left on the bench somewhere because I'm I'm not paying attention. But, yeah, Pistons are going nowhere. They're gonna have people sitting against them. They got the nets tonight? Yeah. They do. I mean, I was once a nets fan, and then they went for that big ego forward power trio thing, and no one liked them. They lost. Yeah. They did. You know, I was looking something up on my phone, and I totally forgot. I had, like, 12 text messages. 1 of them had something to do with me singing a a Backstreet Boys song, but that's another story. I got I got distracted. The Lakers, Anthony Davis played through his ankle injury. He went off for 40, dude. Forty points, 13 boards. LeBron played through his ankle injury. LeBron did not look all that LeBron ish Christmas day ish yesterday. He, had 16 points, 9 boards, 8 assists. Okay. He almost had a triple double, but we we need LeBron to score at least 30 on Christmas day for it to be for it to be a LeBron type game. The the crazy thing about the Lakers is this this lineup shakeup. We got D'Angelo Russell coming off the bench. He's all but gone. Right? Like, they're I dropped him. You straight up cut him. I I straight up cut him. It was in a league where there's plenty of good people on on the wire. It'll be a long time before he's back in form on another team or on this team, so I didn't wanna wait for it. Well, I mean, he played 18 minutes. He played, I think, 19 minutes the game before that. The everything's down. The Lakers wanna move him at the trade deadline. They wanna let LeBron be the point guard of this team. All of that is bad news for D'Angelo Russell. I mean, I I think you hang on to him if you can, but if there's a a hot free agent out there that you need to pick up, you know, he's a guy that's drivable right now. Oh, back to the Pistons real quick. The kid from Jaden Ivey, the kid from Purdue, Jaden Ivey's been hot, like, very hot the last couple games. I think he's a really strong DFS play tonight. I'm rolling him in my FanDuel lineup for sure. The price is right, and he scored about between 43.50 FanDuel points his last two games, I think. But back to the Lakers, dude, this whole starting Taurean Prince, Jared Vanderbilt, FanDuel, and Cam Reddish, like, these are guys that couldn't stick with, like, pretty mediocre teams. And you got Hachimura's in there too now. It's like, I don't know. I was hoping Austin Reeves would step out this year, and, it's kind of happened, but not really. Yeah. It's been more of the same from Reeves. I was kinda hoping for a breakout season. It's been great game, good game, mediocre game. Great it it just kinda bounces around those 3 from night to night. I was hoping if he'd be a little a little more, consistently big. 11.64 is 3 assists, and a steal off the bench last night. But, you know, the minute any of us bench Austin Reeves or leave do something dumb with him, he's gonna go crazy. So you just that's why that's why they play a whole week worth of games and not just one. You just leave him out there, and let him do his thing. I I don't know what to tell you about Tarion Prince. I'm not running out there to pick him up anywhere. Are are have you considered it, Brian? No. I'm not looking at any Lakers, to be honest. I dropped my 1 laker. Who was that? Oh, D'Angelo. That was D'Angelo Russell, and I was really excited to get him in the preseason. I thought he was gonna do big things. You know, there's gonna be some injuries. You know, LeBron's, old. He went down yesterday, and he was grimacing in pain holding his knee. And I thought, well, this is this is it. This is a real injury, and then he was back minutes later. Yeah. Like, the crazy block. Oh, was that when when, you got knocked out of Torian Prince's hand by somebody else and then LeBron blocked it? Yeah. I would. Tatum was going up and kinda bobbling the ball and, like, LeBron absolutely swatted it from behind as he does. Yeah. And then they reviewed it and called a foul on Torian Prince because he knocked it out of Tatum's hand to begin with, and so the LeBron play didn't didn't even count as a block. But, Scott Foster, when he when he looked into the camera to get ready to announce that decision, he said, oh, y'all aren't gonna like this. I thought that was pretty funny. All 5 Nuggets. So the Nuggets played the Warriors. The nug well, Brian, first of all, let's explain to people why you're here. People are probably like, who is this guy sitting next to doctor a? He's a He doesn't he doesn't even know how to pronounce the names of the players. I don't either. I don't either, so that's okay. That's not a prerequisite. But, like, who is this dude? Well, he's a drummer for the band, Guster, but you are, in my eyes, Brian, a a fantasy basketball legend. You've been doing this a very long time. You play in tons of leagues. Even though you're funny and you like to joke around, you do know what you're talking about. You do know what players are good. You do know how to win leagues. You've written columns for me before at my old jobs. We've been podcasting together on and off for years, and, it's great to have you on the show, Ian. I always look forward to you being here. Well, thanks, Steve. And most importantly, I'm in Missouri right now. And when my in laws tried to put on the Kansas City Chiefs game, I said, no. No. No. No. This is an important New York Knicks game, and we gotta watch it. Well, did you watch that Kansas City Chiefs game? I, I was forced to. This is like the that BBC show where the kids and the nanny come in, and these guys are like, I watched some of the Chiefs game. I read a lot of people online trying to, like, farm engagement by saying it's a curse of Taylor Swift. I don't believe that to be true. I thought I thought Las Vegas looked really solid. That said, nobody wants to watch, the NBA out here, when there's a football game on. Well, there should be not be football games on Christmas day. It's it's a basketball day. For some people, it's the official start of the NBA season. Now I would have rather watched football, I think, than the Sixers Heat game with no Joel Embiid and no Jimmy Butler. But that would've deprived me from seeing the Jaime game, which we're gonna get to in a second. Let's let's jump back to that Nuggets, win over the warriors. All 5 Nuggets, Starter scored in double figures. Jamal Murray had 28. Jokic had 26 to 14 and 8. MPJ had 19 and 10 with 4 blocks and 3 triples and one sweep behind the back pass to Contavious Caldwell Pope, I believe that was. Yeah. So m let's talk about MPJ for a second because he's, I'm out here in Columbia, Missouri, and that guy is a Mizzou product. He's a local. It seems like my in laws all wanted to point out that in the last two games of the finals, he was benched in favor of Bruce Brown. And also that, you know, he got a max deal when his, injuries aren't gonna let him even play for enough seasons to make it worthwhile. It seems like there's some bad blood with MPJ out here in Missouri. I'm just I'm just saying, I don't want them on my fantasy team. I feel like it was a curse. That's a lot of that's a lot of inside information from a family that didn't wanna watch NBA basketball yesterday. Like, those people, they know they're MPJ. And and, again, we're getting off off track here because a lot of these people watching this podcast, most of them are only here. They're not here for to hear you and I banter and and make each other laugh. They wanna hear fantasy nuggets. They wants they want info, Brian. But I'm just gonna say, is Missouri going crazy right now waiting for this Ohio State football game? Like, is the is the world exploding there? Yeah. The world here is exploding as they wait for this Ohio State football game. Actually, I have no idea what you're talking about because I don't follow college football. But yeah. Probably. Yeah. They're fired up. Trust me. Alright. Jokic hit 18 of 18 free throws. Steve Kerr called it a disgrace. He said no one in their right mind would wanna watch the second half of that basketball game. The referees have been taught how to ruin the game and take defense completely out of it. Your take on that? I honestly I honestly felt the same way watching this game. I felt like there are a couple of really cheesy calls. Jokic going to the the line. Sorry. Jokic going to the line that much is boring, and they're protecting him. And I I can't as usual, I agree with Steve Kerr. The warriors got 8 22 points from Andrew Wiggins who led the team in scoring. We've seen Wiggins play well in 2 of the last 3 games. Horrible in the one he didn't play well in, but Wiggins has been a disaster, absolute disaster this year. He's on waivers everywhere because everybody who drafted him, thinking he was gonna be good, got tired of it and dropped him. I mean, is Wiggins the guy we should be targeting right now? No. I'm in a league where Brandon Podzianski is available on waivers, and, he shouldn't be. He had 5 steals last night, full line, and he's been solid. And, who should I drop for him? Like, so on my team, I've got, his options, Jordan Poole, ironically. I got Max Struths. I got Jabari Smith, and I got Daniel Gafford. Which of those guys would you drop to pick up Brandon Podzianski? Kaczynski Cool. Cool. Cool. Baller, and I love him, and he should be rostered everywhere, at least until Draymond's back and probably thereafter. Out of that group, Jordan Poole, as tempting as it is, I don't think he's droppable just yet. What what about Gafford and Jabari Smith? Those are big guys who you normally wouldn't count on, but, you know, Gafford put up 6 blocks and 4 steals the other day. Yeah. I mean, I think Struce is the answer, dude. I mean, Struce is 3 pointers is his middle name. Everybody's hurt in Cleveland right now, which is a good good time to have Struce, but, eventually, those guys are gonna come back. But I I just think you need some poge in your life, man. I I've been telling my son to pick him up for a week, and, I I think put put Pachevski yesterday had 13 points, 9 rebounds, 6 assists, 5 steals, 3 triples, played 34 minutes. They played 4 times next week. I don't know how I don't know how he can still be sitting out there. Yeah. They they say Max Drus is just a poor man's Podzianski anyway. Jonathan Kuminga had 13 points on 5 boards. He's been kinda boring. I I mean, you want Pogg over Kuminga. You want Pogg over Wiggins. I just feel like this team is sort of at a moment of an identity crisis where there's a changing of the guard, but the the guard has been so established there that it's hard to do. And so you have, Draymond acting out. You have Klay Thompson who's not performing like he used to. And you have, Curry who he was 7 for 21 last night. You know, he's not, he's maybe not what he used to be. It's an awkward time to be, the Golden State Warriors. What do you think? I mean, Curry was 7 for 21. Klay was 3 for 12. Nine points on Christmas Day. Like, they're this is supposed to be their coming out party and show the world that they're they're better than than we think they are, and they're just kind of a mess right now. And you got anytime you got the Warriors, and and you and I can sit here and literally list 6 guys that you have to be thinking about picking up off the waiver wire, something's wrong. Like, their their foundation is confusion right now. Trace Jackson Davis went to Indiana, got hot for a minute, played just 15 minutes. He had he was in foul trouble the whole game, but, the the Warriors and Steve Kerr really like him. He's gonna be playing. He needs to be given a look in Fantasy. And then you've got Dario Saric, who's also getting minutes and and doing things with Draymond gone. So they're a mess. I I think they are they're having an identity crisis right now, and and Klay didn't look right for the first 20 games. And then he sort of started looking right again, and now I don't know where we are. Yesterday was kind of a disaster for Golden State. Steve Kerr's gonna figure it out. Legend. Speaking of legendary coaches, Eric Spoolstra, stayed perfect on Christmas day. He's 9 and o on Christmas day, Brian. They beat the Sixers. The Jimmy Butler less heat beat the Joel Embiid and less sixers. Sixers are 0 and 4 without Joel Embiid this season, and we got thank goodness. The only good thing to come out of this game was we got the Jaimee Hawkes game. Where were you for the Jaimee Hawquez game? You were I I'm just shocked that I'm shocked that that's how you pronounce his name. So Jamie Jaquez, he was on my team earlier in, just a couple weeks ago. I I had to drop him because he was inconsistent. I do think he's a future star. I think, you know, it helped for Butler to be out, but, yeah, he's the real deal. And, it was, yeah, the game you didn't wanna watch because, Tyrese Maxey even who's a superstar now and has shown that he's more valuable on the team than James Harden, went 4 for 20. Tough night for the sixers. Yeah. He started out o for 9, didn't score in the first half. Jamie Jamie Jaquez, also known as Jaimee Jaquez. This dude now now granted. You're right. Jimmy Butler was out, and Caleb Martin got hurt very early in that game, which opened up a ton of alleys for Jacquez to have success. And, you know, once people were asking me about him a month ago, I was like, man, you know, the heat are gonna get healthy. He's gonna get squeezed out of the out of the 30 minutes a night he was getting. But I don't feel that way at all anymore, and I didn't feel that way for very long once I said that because he has really endeared himself to the fans. He's endeared himself to his teammates and coach Erik Spoelstra. He's the leader of this team, I think. Like, he's now the locker room leader as a rookie because I don't think Bam and Jimmy Butler get out there and rah rah the the troops. And I think he he's a guy that all these guys are sort of like, alright. Let's just follow him because he knows he knows how to ball. And, you know, unlike as bad as Maxey was, that's how good Hawkeyes was last night. 10 11 to 15 shots, 31 points, 10 boards. Easing the game of his life. Caleb Martin could miss several games with this injury, which means Hawkeyes is gonna keep rolling. Jimmy Butler is gonna take one game off every week, which means Hawkeyes is gonna keep on rolling. And, I mean, he's a guy at this point you're sticking with him through the good and the bad, I think. Alright. I like it. I mean and, also, the Heat are a team I like to just kind of ignore, but I've they went to the finals last year. They came out of the east, you know. They know what they're doing, and Bam was Bam was fantastic. Tyler Harrow put up 22 points. Yeah. And Spoelstra's a genius. And and he's also somehow able to get all of his guys' minutes when it doesn't seem like he can get all of them minutes. Like, he finds a way to make that happen. 1 2 things that stuck out to me about that Sixers situation is Kelly Oubre came out on fire. He had 25 points, 6 triples, big stat line. So he was awesome. If he's available in your league, you he's gotta be picked up. The thing that made me really mad about this game is we were promised, sort of, that Robert Covington was good to go and was gonna play. Nick Batum was was already ruled out with a hamstring problem, so I loaded up Covington. In FanDuel, he's in my 30 team lineup, and he never got off the bench. So Nick Nurse and I have a long history together with Chris, Boucher and who I've sometimes called Chris Bosch. And Nick Nurse, I'm officially done with him. It's over. It's over. Well, I mean, talk about people getting burned. Paul Reed was a popular pickup. Right? He put up nothing. He comes out and racks up 4 fouls in about 11 seconds. As fast as Reggie Miller scored all those points that year against the Knicks, at the end of the game to win it. That's how fast, Paul Reed racked up 4 fouls last night. And is it just me or every single time Joel Embiid is out, everybody races out and rolls Paul Reed out there? They pick him up for their fantasy lineup. They put him in DFS. They bet money on him, and he never ever ever comes through. I'm done with Paul Reed. And as a result of Paul Reed completely, having a meltdown and doing nothing, Mo Bamba, I'm I'm Mo Bamba, scores 18 or, no. He had what's, I I wrote his stats down wrong, Brian. I I I'm surprised you didn't correct me on that. He had a season high 18 rebounds, and then he did 6 of something else, 3, 3 pointers. I I wrote those numbers down wrong, which, hopefully, they caught that before they published my article, but Obama just went off. No. We had a season high 18 points. Those numbers are right. I got confused. Gotta believe in yourself. Yeah. It was the dude from, it was Chamizy Me too that had the 19 or 20 rebounds or whatever. Yes. Moe Mbombe's numbers are right. He had 18.6 boards, 3 triples. That's a fluke. Don't buy into that. That's all because Paul Reed sucked, and Joel Embiid did not play. So whatever. I'm over the sixers. I don't I'm not really gonna be rooting for them. I don't also enjoy the fact that every time, Joel Embiid has a a big opportunity to come out and make a statement, do something, he disappears and tends not to play. Right? Yeah. I mean, it's Christmas day, and most people were watching football. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the under Underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Brian, talk about bad beats, dude. I had I had an underdog lineup last night that had Luka in it. It had some basketball. I had some football. And the only thing left that I needed to hit to win all the money in the world, my $1 was gonna turn into, like, $20. I needed 255.5 passing yards out of San Francisco quarterback Brock Purdy. He threw to Deebo Samuel. Samuel broke a tackle, ran all the way down, puts him at 255. 5 minutes left in the game. San Francisco has the ball. What could go wrong? Purdy's like, up my shoulder, my I I got a stinger. Doesn't feel right. Walks off the field, never comes back. Lost it by half yard. It's almost like the franchise in San Francisco was conspiring to not get you a $19 win. I mean, seriously, that's exactly what it felt like. I it was a personal attack. All my rooting against the niners these years, they they got me back, Brian. They didn't like it. Alright. I can't talk about that anymore. We gotta talk about Luca. We gotta talk about these Dallas Mavericks. My Mavericks, 128, The Suns with Kevin Durant moping around out there looking miserable. 114. I don't hear anyone, complaining about the fact Luka hit 12 of 12 free throws last night. He got to line 12 times. He put up a monster line. And, you know, I own him in the league that we're in together, which is funny because you usually like to draft Luka Doncic, but not not this year. Kevin Durant, as you mentioned, he doesn't look right. He just seems like, he's an expired version of himself out there. I know he's putting up numbers and, like, some people are, have them in, like, their top tens of the year, but what I saw last night, it didn't look very effective. Well, I I just don't think he's he's happy. He he like, Brad Beal only playing in 6 games is not is not cool. And outside of Devin Booker and KD, what what do they really have? Nurkic didn't play. They don't have Deandre Ayton anymore. Nurkic is serviceable. He's not great. Eric Gordon is, you know, an old guy, kinda like us. What one might one might say that they traded some of their better assets to the Brooklyn Nets. I mean, McHale do they miss McHale Bridges? Yeah. So much. And they miss Ayton, and they miss Cam Johnson was on that team. Right? Yep. Yeah. They don't seem like they have the depth. And meanwhile, the Mavericks, who I was guilty of saying who is on this team besides Luca, they're, you know, they're making this huge mistake. They're finding ways to win. You know, Derek Lively came back, put up 2010. They just seem inspired. I don't know. I was wrong. Well, so was I. I mean, I I was like, take the under in Dallas wins because you can't win with 1 guy on your team in the NBA. And, Luca was saying last night after game, next man up. Well, Luca's line, first of all, was stupid. 50 points, 15 assists, 8 triples, 12 to 12 free throws, what, 6 boards. Like, just just Dude, he had he had, like, 3 steals and 3 blocks or something? What was it? He had a bunch of blocks and a he had 4 steals and 3 blocks, I believe. Just a ridiculous line. My friend our friend Keelan likes to make fun of Luca's new headband. I I don't know why he doesn't like it. I it doesn't really bother me. It keeps the hair out of his eyes and lets him do this every night. Who cares? Let let's look at your team real quick, Brian. Your rock and roll team, which is in 2nd place behind Steven Malkus' team, even though Malkus didn't even bother to show up for the draft, and you keep saying you keep you keep, pretending like I had a chance to draft Luca and pass him up, but I knew I wasn't picking till, like, 10th or 11th. So I got Damien David Leonard was my first shot at anything. But even if I would've been picking 4th, you probably would've been picking 3rd and you would've taken Luca right in front of me anyway. I didn't even want Luca. I just didn't want him to fall to wherever you were. Well, thank you for that. But let's look at this team real quick. You got Kobe White. He's having a breakout year for the Bulls. Now Cam I got him off I got him off waivers, by the way. Yeah. Cam and I were talking about Kobe White last Tuesday or Thursday. Are you thinking about getting rid of him while he's hot, or do you think he's locked in for the whole year with Lonzo Ball nowhere to be found? Oh, yeah. I think he's I think he's locked in. This is a real breakout. I also, on this team was a, just got a an offer. Someone offered me Lowry Markkanen for my Jonas Valentunas. And if you look at, you know, which big Viking European you want, I think it's Jonas. He's been amazing. And, you know, it comes down to just, like, my personal distaste for Lowry based on, like, his performance as a bull when I had him on my fantasy team many years ago, and I hold grudges against certain guys. But I'm not doing that trade. I'm holding on to Jonas. Well, Brian, not ironically, I got an offer involving Laurie Markkanen in the same league from the same person yesterday who wanted to do me a huge favor and send me Laurie Markkanen for who did she want for him? So, anyway, it's funny because Amy is listening to all this. Like, I've been pre Raquel and I have been preaching, like, so high on Lori Markkanen before Utah shuts him down. It's the shutdown is coming. Like, he's gonna be injured all year anyway, and then Utah's not gonna make the playoffs. They're they're not going to play him. So I've been shouting that. And I talked to my son, Soarin, yesterday, and I was like, dude, you've got to move Laurie Markkanen before it's too late. He's playing right now. He's scoring. Like, everything's good right now. You need to move him. And, like, 5 minutes later, he comes up, and he's like, hey. I traded, Markkanen and Simons to get Jaren Jackson junior. I'm like, yes. I love it. Now he gave he gave up a lot. And for Symonds and Laurie Markkanen is a lot for jjj, but I still like I still applaud the kid for going out there, putting a deal together that quickly, and getting it done. Who did who did Amy offer me marketing for? I have to figure that out. Just real quickly to to go over the rest of your team. You've got James Harden, McHale Bridges, Kelvin Johnson, Chet Holmgren, who you got probably in the 3rd round, Valancunas, you got Jalen Duran coming back tonight. That's big. You got Julius Randle, and you have, Harkenstein and Jared Allen. And then the guy sitting on your bench tonight because he's not playing is Luca Doncic. I mean, that is the Yeah. I'm stacked, and yet I'm losing to Steven Malcomis who auto drafted. But, yeah, my team is stacked this year. It's super stacked. I love it. Oh, it was it was Laurie Markkanen for Jalen Brunson. I said no. Oh, yeah. That's a no. But if you're listening to this or watching this and, Amy, if you're watching or listening to this, I I apologize, for for calling you out. But I I we sorta I mean, it came up organically. I mean, I you you gotta try to move the guy. I'm I'm with you there. Keep trying. I need Wimby to play tonight, by the way. Okay. Back to Christmas day. This is the last the end of it. Luca becomes the 4th guy to ever score 50 points on Christmas day. He's the 7th fastest NBA player to ever reach 10,000 career points, the fastest since Michael Jordan did it. Him and Grayson Allen both hit 8 3 pointers yesterday, to I believe that tied the Christmas day 3 pointer record. My guy on my 30 deep team, Derek Jones junior, having a career year at 23 points, 3 boards of steel, 3 triples. Derek Lively, back from an ankle injury that kept him out for 4 games. Double double with 20 and 10, hit 8 of 9 shots, and Tim Hardaway at 18.7 boards, 33 pointers. If if Derek Lively was dumped when he was injured, it's time to go pick him up again. It's so fun watching him and Luca run, pick and rolls. I I love Derek Lively playing with Luca. The this team is just flat out better without Dorian Finney Smith playing 39 minutes tonight. It really is. And and you know what I liked about yesterday's game, what I saw on TV was when Luca went over to the sidelines, Kyrie was the first one there, like, pushing him and, like, yeah, boy. You on fire. Like, dapping him up and talking smack. And I feel like Kyrie is if he was not really hurt, he would be fully invested in his team and out there playing every day. I I just think he's really hurt. That Dwight Powell falling on both of his feet when they're sticking straight up in the air was not was not good. I mean, that would put any of us out of commission for a long time. So Did did you see the highlight where Dwight Powell jumped up and hit his head on the the beam as he was walking out onto the court? It's worth watch. It's it looked really painful. I will check that out. Chimezi Mitu for the Suns with Jokic out, somehow had 23 points in a career high 19 rebounds. He looked amazing. I watched him for a while. He looked great. Nurkic isn't out for very long, but could he's a great streamer. I mean, he was a great streamer last night. Nurkic is a personal reasons guy right now, so we don't really know when he's when he's gonna be back. It probably won't be too long. Booker had 20. Durant had 16. Grayson Allen was awesome. Allen had a career high, 32 points, 4 boards, 4 assists, a steal, and 8 triples. I've been riding the Grayson Allen train throughout this whole Brad Beal mess. I will continue to do so. They they need him. I I told my brother-in-law who's, who's got Brad Beal just sitting out there because he's already using his IR spot. I was like, I think Beal's a drop. I know I know you think that sort of reckless thing to say on a fantasy podcast, but I can't see him putting up huge numbers this year. I just don't see it. I don't like it either. I mean, I think he's gonna be the 3rd option standing open in the corner like Austin Reeves when when LeBron James and Anthony Davis don't have the ball. And his ankle and his back problems probably aren't gonna go away. I mean, Brad Beal's lower leg is always hurt. It has been for, like, 6 years. Grayson Allen's not going away. Eric Gordon's probably not going away. I I I mean, I don't I'm not gonna sit here and tell people to straight up just cut Bradley Beal, but I don't hate you for telling your brother-in-law that. Like, I sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do. I mean, people people didn't think that dropping Ben Simmons 2 months ago was was probably a great idea. But where in the hell is Ben Simmons? Yeah. And it doesn't matter what I tell my brother-in-law to do. His response is always, did you know Michael Porter junior used to steal packs of gum from the Walgreens downtown? Oh, I love that so much. That is the best, dude. That is that is outstanding. The bad blood? Bad blood. Bad blood. Dante Exum, by the way, very quiet yesterday, but he's been awesome filling in for, Kyrie as well. We still don't know when Kyrie's coming back. Although, they did show Brad Beal in a hoodie shooting jumpers yesterday, Brad. Did you see that? I got him on an r on an IR spot in my one league, but I I don't know. We'll see. IR him up. I I'm with you, man. I don't know that you want him on your cluttering up your roster. A bunch of DNP's. Six games Brad Beal's played in this year. 6. Hey. Let's blow through this lineup real quick and then answer some viewer questions. Okay? Alright. I wanna look at tonight's schedule. So Brooklyn is at Detroit. Brooklyn has to win or they let Detroit snap a 26 game losing streak on their watch. That would not be a good look. Orlando at Washington, I don't care. Atlanta at Chicago, I think I'm rolling some, who's the who's the point guard? Why is his name still gonna be this is what happens when you get old. I think I think Kobe White against Atlanta is a very good player. I know Trae Young is kind of iffy. Alex Caruso is the guy. He's cheap. I think I'm gonna play him tonight. Atlanta's a sieve just like Indiana. The Bulls should score a 1000000 points, and and the the Hawks will score a 1000000 and 1. Same thing with Indiana at Houston. Indiana doesn't play defense. Alfred Shingoong should go crazy. Who knows what Benedict Mathren will do, dude? Yeah. Like, it's either 6 points or 30. There's no in between. Yeah. I had to let go of him. He's inconsistent. Thought thought I even drafted him. I thought he was gonna have a big year. I would take Obi Toppin over Mathran if you wanna pace her that you can be expendable on your roster. Tari Easton's been hurt. He was fun before he got hurt. Hopefully, he's back and running a role tonight. In New Orleans, we got Ja Morant going for 4 wins in a row versus Zion Williamson. I think that is gonna be fun. Ja's price tag in DFS is through the roof now. I I I feel like he's a must have guy, but he's 10,000 on FanDuel, and that's just that's a lot of money, man. I mean, yeah, he's he's probably gonna put up solid numbers. And, man, his first game back, I watched the whole game, and he was he was impressive. It was awesome. He's been impressive in all three of them. And he he he's he's been turned loose and set free, and he's fully healthy. He's he's been doing nothing for, like, a year except waiting to play basketball. Like, he's just he's just ready to be unleashed. Game of the night, Brian. Who would've thunk it back in October? Minnesota at Oklahoma City. You got number 1 versus number 3 in the west. I love this. I love but Minnesota Oklahoma City is not something that the, like, TV networks think ahead of the season. Oh, we gotta make show everyone this, but it's the game I wanna see. I don't wanna see Golden State against the Lakers. No. Your your choices this evening on NBA TV are the Pacers at Houston, which I get it. Tyrese Haliburton is fun. That should be I I like watching the pace I love this Pacers team. And then you get Charlotte Hornets at the Clippers at 10:30 on NBA TV. Brian, what are you gonna be doing instead of watching that game? You'll probably be reading I'm stuck here I'm stuck here in Missouri. I mean, I I'm I'm gonna watch Rudolph again. But, yeah, Minnesota Minnesota is so fun, and then Oklahoma City is obviously, like, on the up and up and young and exciting. Like, that's the game you wanna watch. You have to live in one of those cities to get the game on TV. Not Or you have to have, like, the special package. Do you have the special package? The little boots. You should've come to Dahlonega, Georgia for Christmas, and then you we can watch this year. We can watch the Thunder in Minnesota game tonight. What you should do tonight is read about the Missouri, Ohio State matchup in the bowl game. Alright. You got Wimby against Laurie Markkanen in the Jazz. We don't know if Keanontae George is gonna play. If he doesn't, Chris Dunn is a very strong DFS play tonight. I need Wimby. I need Wimby to play. I literally have him on every fantasy team I have. You have to expect a bunch of nights off when you draft a guy like, Gumby. Like, it's like Hey. You have Chet home run, bro. Same thing. I have Wenby in one of my 3, teams, but, like, this is part of the deal. The problem is the the Spurs have that 2 game week, and he only played in one of those. Why everybody else is playing 4, and I've never recovered since. You got the Kings at Portland. Kings should roll them. And then you got Charlotte at the Clippers on NBA TV at 10:30. Make sure you tune in for that one. Although the Clippers, hottest Steven Lee, baby, It looks like it's working. It's all working out. I really I love Kawhi Leonard. He has played more than expected so far this year. So, I hope that he will. Alright. Brian, we're gonna go quick hits on these questions. Are you ready? Yeah. Let's do it. Mister c wants to know, who do you prefer rest of season, Derek Lively or Isaiah Hartenstein? Oh god. It hurts me to say it, but, Lively's Lively's got minutes guaranteed. So I I might I might choose that over Iheart who's gonna go back to the bench when Mitch Rob is back. What do you think? I'm gonna say short term, I want Hart Hartenstein. Long term, I want Liveley. I I I'm gonna find a way to have both of them on my roster if they're both available in my league, but if you're in, like, a 10 man or 8 man, that's that's hard to do. Brian, this guy is helping you out, Tristan Tristan Isolt, telling you how to pronounce Jaime Jaquez. I'm sure when I call him Jamie Jaquez, people are just like, what an what an idiot. Yeah. I I was the one who called them that first, and, I play the bongos, so you're cool. Rafay Barbosa. LaMelo Ball and Drew Holiday trade for Anthony Davis. I don't know what it may it depends what you think LaMelo's situation is. What do you think? Well, I tell you what I like about it from a Davis perspective is Davis is playing through injuries and looks like he has a different mindset as far as playing with injuries this year than in the past. So I don't know that he's gonna go to the locker room every game like he has in the past. I also don't know, where Brian just went, but he's back. And then LaMelo and Holiday, man, that's I don't know that I can give up LaMelo and Holiday for Davis. But if you're gonna trade for Anthony Davis, that's the kind of deal it's gonna take. So And now is the moment you wanna sell high on Anthony Davis if you, if you own him and you're looking to get rid of him. So, yeah, I I I think it's a fair trade. I think it's gonna have to be something like that to get Davis. Aditha is back, as he is every week. Hi, Doc and Brian. Merry Christmas, both of you. Is Tari Easton still a hold? And that that's that is a great question. I mean, when was the last time we saw Tari Eason play, Brian? Do you do you remember? I don't I mean, he's he's asking about, head to head, 12 team, 15 categories. You you you're in, like, a 30 team league where someone like that is a hold. 15 cat how do you how are there even 15 categories? Are are they doing like goals? Yeah. They're doing defensive rebounds, offensive rebounds, free throws made, free throw percentage. So last time we played was December 23rd, which was Saturday. 8 points, 4 boards. Doesn't seem like a hold to me. Well, the the the problem was he was balling, and then he got hurt. And he's he had 14 points, 8 boards, 4 steals, and a block last Monday. I'm still trying to hang in there with him, but, again, if if he's the worst player you have, you're in a 12 team league, somebody you really wanna pick up is sitting out there, you gotta make a decision and go with it. So, I mean, I could see dropping Tahira Ison to pick up a hot free agent. What about Caris LeVert? What about Caris LeVert? Would you drop Iason for LeVert? No. Depends on who who's on the wire in that league. You know, you're not gonna find a Podzianski out there in that league. I would drop Ethan for Podgemski in a heartbeat. Oh, Brian, to answer your question, I think it's a it's your typical 9 cap plus field goals made, free throws made, 3 pointers percentage, double doubles, triple doubles fouls. And flagrant fouls. Dude, it's always been my dream to be in a league that that rewarded or punished you for flagrant fouls. The this man is living your dream. Really? Well, the actual dream is for you and I to do our per minutes league that we keep threatening every year. Minutes league would be amazing. Iheart would be amazing. Well, we need to get together sometime and, like, write down. Like, we need to we need to have a meeting to figure out how we're gonna do that. Alright. We got one more question, one more comment, and then we're gonna then we're gonna roll out of here and go and enjoy the rest of the the holiday. Tristan also says I accepted an offer of Kawhi Leonard from a Devin Booker last week. About 5 minutes before he was given a GTD and missed the next 2 games. I didn't need him last week, win 71. Good trade or not. Gave away Booker. Got Kawhi Leonard. Brian Dunlop. Yeah. I mean, you gotta think that Kawhi is gonna be sitting on the bench too many games down the stretch, and Booker doesn't have that quality. So I I would probably be inclined to hold Booker, but straight up, numbers wise, Kawhi might be the better fantasy asset. I like Booker better than Kawhi. I would just say that. I'd rather have Booker. Brian, I I lied. We're doing another one. W w wants to know, should I drop Jordan Clarkson and Devin Vassell for Derek Lively and Jalen Duran? Absolutely. Go big. I am not going to sit here and tell you to drop Devin Vassell for anyone. I would hang on to Vassell. I would drop Clarkson, and I would pick up Jalen Duran. How about that? Those are couple nice centers right there, but, yeah, Vasil's for real. And Tristan is coming back at us with Kawhi's only missed 2 games. Booker's missed 10 or more, which he's got a point, and I feel like Kawhi is is right there with AD in that mindset of, I'm gonna play as many games as I can play in this year, and the Clippers are special. We're gonna do something. So I I again, I don't hate to trade. I just like Devin Booker better. I I trust him more than I trust Kawhi, but, I mean, it I don't I'm not gonna sit here and say that was a bad trade. That that's a fair trade any way you slice it. I feel like Tristan is our special third guest on the podcast this week. Well, he is. He's always here. Tristan's always here. Ethan's always here. A lot of these guys are are here every week, very loyal supporters. I appreciate all of that. Click the like and subscribe button. If you want a free RotoWire trial, go to rotowire.com/try. You get a free trial if you do that. Brian, next time I have you on, and you are going to there will be a next time because you're literally my favorite, one of my favorite people in the world. We may just sit here and just answer questions the entire time. We may not even we may not even have an agenda. Well, we don't and we never have an agenda anyway. I mean, clearly, I just wing this. But We we could just do a a a a thing where people write a player's name, and I try to pronounce it. I would go for a 30 minute solid without ever getting old. It'd be like the, like Charles Barkley, who he played for, except it'd be Thunder God, how he say this. That was that was that I'm kinda proud of that. Alright. Brian, go back to your brother-in-law. Tell him that he was a hot topic on today's show. Find out about this Missouri this Missouri football team. In fact, I are they even playing Ohio State? I'm pretty sure they are. Missouri was really good this season in football, and Missouri fans were talking so much smack about them all season long, and they got a chance to really make a statement and take out Ohio State. So I would like for you to report back to me via text message later what your family's feeling is about this football game. I'm on it. Alright. Everybody, have a great day, and Camilla and I will be back here on Thursday at 11 o'clock to do this again. Peace.