Welcome into a Monday edition of the rotor wire fantasy basketball pod. Nick Whalen, Alex Berutha here with you every Monday afternoon. Alex, a lot to get to. We got injury news. We got player news to talk about, some early impressions post trade deadline. We saw most guys who were on the move on Thursday, play at least one game with their new team over the weekend. We'll talk about the unique schedule this week as well ahead of the all star break, unique schedule next week. Really 2 kind of abbreviated weeks in a row. But if you're playing in weekly leagues, some things you need to be aware of, like OKC, for example, has just one game this week. A couple teams have 3 games. We're, you know, sending out our prayers to those teams that have to play on Thursday this week For some reason, I I I never really understand, like, what determines, which teams get the short end of the stick there. 1st and foremost, Alex, did you bet on the Super Bowl? What did you do for the Super Bowl? Did you stay up through overtime? How did it all go for you? Yeah. I just, just watched it at home. You know, no, no Super Bowl parties for me. Didn't place any bets down. I actually listened to your podcast with, I think it was the bookies guys and John. Yeah. About your like prop bet battle. How would you make out on those? Well, we lost the battle. I would like to say we won the war, but we definitely lost the battle. You know, stuff like that. It's supposed to be a little bit lighthearted. It's like, we I'm not it's not like these were like the 10 best bets you could possibly make. You know, we wanted to do a good mix of stuff like, you know, we've we've had 2 separate Gatorade color bets in. Neither of those hit. And, you know, nothing against John McKechnie. He did the work on that. You know, the the the Gatorade suppliers were wrong. He he put out some great numbers. Like, I was a 100% convinced it was gonna be red. Ended up being purple. Of course. We did hit on you know, our biggest bet was Chiefs to cover. And we like the under as well. So we we did okay. We redeemed ourselves after a legitimately horrific showing last year when we we went exclusively with, like, long shot bets. We're like, all we gonna do is, like, hit one of these. No. We're we're guaranteed to wins. We're picking stuff that's, like, 50 to 1, and I think we went, like, 1 for 10. But it was a weird game. Right? I mean, especially the first half, and we're not here to to break down the Super Bowl. But, basically, if you took, like, any sort of over for just about anybody but Jawan Jennings in the first half, you're like, alright. We're completely sunk. Right. Yeah. I mean, it was, definitely a slow first half, kind of a dud. But then, you know, I mean, you get an overtime, so at least things get ramped up a little bit and, ends up being a, obviously, a fun Super Bowl. It was fun and memorable as always. But we are not here to talk about the Super Bowl. You could catch more of that on SiriusXM Fantasy. I'll be with Jim Coventry and Alan Zaslavsky all week. Our guy, Jeff Erickson, is out at the FSGA conference, in Vegas. So, Jeff Jeff will be having a good time there, but we'll be talking Super Bowl looking ahead to next year's NFL season, 7 to 9 PM CST on SiriusXM Fantasy. Big waiver wire weekend, Alex. We we we kinda primed the pump for this last week, and I I think you called this one of, if not the biggest waiver period of the entire year. So who are your targets? Who did you end up getting? Obviously, the the Super Bowl taking place while waivers run-in a lot of leagues, I feel like maybe leads to to some confusion. You know, some people maybe forgetting to put those claims in. I went I went sicko mode in the state league, but I'll I'll let you, you know, tell me which players you were targeting first. Yeah. And the state league's kind of a different story. You know, 16 team league, and the the deadline wasn't insane. So I, you know, like, you you went sicko mode. Yes. But there weren't a lot of, like, I I feel like moves that you absolutely had to do. I mean, I was, you know, I was I was cool targeting guys like well, for the Jazz too. You know, the Jazz kinda they moved out Fonsecchio. They moved out Kylie Olyniks. There's, like, a Taylor Hendrix thing. Keontae George might get back in the rotation a little bit. So that's that's at least one spot where I was like, this is this is pretty intriguing for, like, a 16 team or to see what happens here. I will say there weren't a ton of okay. Everybody in the league is going to be bidding on this player type of situations. Right? I think he had to work the margins a bit more. I mean, if you're in a 10 team league or a 12 team league, I don't even know if there's anybody that you're necessarily rushing out to get. You know, maybe you're swapping out a streaming spot or your final roster spot if you have some injuries. But when you're in a 16 team or like the rotor wire snake league, it's reasonable to be excited to land someone like Trey Mann out of Charlotte Yeah. As I was, probably overpaid a little bit, but, you know, we're getting to the end of the year. I don't really wanna leave any fab on the table. I think I paid 4 or $5 for him out of a $100 budget. I ended up getting Caleb Martin as well. We got the Jimmy Butler, you know, leave of absence news yesterday morning. We now know that he's gonna miss, all their games until the all star break. My my guess is that Butler will probably be back after the break, but, we'll see. I mean, Martin's still been a staple in that rotation even when Butler is out, but he played well in Butler's absence yesterday. Went out and grabbed you mentioned the Jazz, Chris Dunn. And he was kinda, I I would say, hero at the end of last year, but he was somebody that I I wish I would have been more aggressive on. I'm not gonna get beat beat twice on the same guy. You know, blocks and steals specifically are 2 categories that I'm targeting in that league. You know, he provides assists as well. I'm I'm basically punching assists at this point, so that doesn't really matter. But really after the steals in Utah, is one of only a handful of teams that has 3 games this week. So I particularly wanted to get done in the lineup, you know, try to get a leg up on some guys that have a lot of 2 game weeks or even a 1 game week. But, yeah, man, Martin, Chris Dunn, those are my big three. I did see Fontecchio was dropped in the Stake League by by our our good friend, Kieran, who's doing better than me in the league. So I'm not I'm not gonna tell him what to do. But that was surprising to me. I think I would be holding Fonsecchio right now or or trying to acquire him. Yeah. I mean, the fact that he took 19 shots a couple days ago in the in the game against the Clippers, that's, it's a lot of shots for Simone Fonsecchio. I I understand why you would be, nervous maybe to hang on to him or or wanna explore other options. It's just a it's a tough game to to drop him after. I'm not sure I would have done it, but I don't know. I mean, the rotation the rotation is not the easiest thing in the world to figure out. Like, I feel like there's a chance you know, he plays 32 minutes off the bench. I just I don't know. Like, when I saw Thompson maybe starts playing more minutes and then because at some point, the Fontecho is 28. Right? Like, he's not like a development priority. But do the Pistons know that? I don't know that they do. This is something that we have talked about. And the thing is, well, something important to note. I Isaiah Stewart has been out. So what happens when Stewart comes back, I think, is is worth, mentioning. Well, and Quentin Grimes, who they got from the Knicks at the deadline also is yet to play. He's been dealing with a knee injury. You know, not quite as much position overlap there, but, you know, Detroit's kind of throwing things at the wall with their rotations anyway. So I I do think Quentin Grimes being out there definitely doesn't help. Fantechio's case, you know, a star Thompson's now started 3 games in a row. We we talked about him as somebody who could kinda retake off, post deadline. You know, I I went hard on on a men Thompson props for that Sacramento game last week. I think that was, like, Wednesday or Thursday. Yeah. But Bogganovich was out. I'm like, alright. This is the night. He had 4 fouls in 9 minutes, and it only ended up playing 27 minutes. I I think I had his his block steals over, in that game. You know, Portland, kind of a similar story, picked up 4 fouls really early. Still has played though 27, 27, 28, 27 minutes over the last 4 games. I I think we'll take that. You know, ideally, you'd like him to be I mean, he was in the high thirties for a while if you go all the way back to to early November when he was bursting onto the scene. But he also had to stretch, you know, through December and and much of January where you're just thrilled if he got to 18 to 20 minutes. So I I think we're moving in the right direction on ASR. But, yeah, the the Pistons remain a mess. I will ask, did you consider going out and and throwing any claims in on beach, in Charlotte who had a nice game over the weekend against Memphis, 18 points, 9 assists, you know, somebody who I I don't think he came over from Europe thinking, you know what? I'm gonna finish out this year for what whatever they are now. Like the 10 win Charlotte Hornets. He was unfortunately for him banished to Charlotte along with Grant Williams and Seth Curry. Yeah. I obviously did not consider it because I look. I mean, I there's a chance that, yes, this would happen. He would play, like, 25, 30 minutes in this game, you know, while guys are out, trades are pending, whatever. But I I I have way more faith in, like, Trey man. Because once LaMelo comes back, I think Mitch is the guy who takes the fall because the the Hornets are just done. Like, Charlotte's 11 and 41. Yeah. You're only giving minutes to Mitch as, like, like, just to not be mean to the guy. Like, I I don't know. Just to, like, let him get out there. So I maybe they'll drop him. I believe we'll get surprised you if they just, like, released him. I mean, maybe I guess he's on a 3 year he's on a 3 year $23,000,000 deal. So I don't Yeah. I don't know if they are known for any cyber. I again, I don't think he he came over thinking, alright. I'm gonna join a good team. I'm gonna be in a good situation. I'm gonna provide, you know, backup point guard minutes, and it just didn't work out. You know, KC, I I'll be surprised if they outright drop him. I mean, that would almost be a a a showing of goodwill more than anything. Yeah. You know, to to try to get him to a contender. I don't know if he's really earned that. Yeah. I don't know what his reputation is, you know, playing a half year in the NBA. But, you know, we we have a question here. He said, should I add Mitchic or Trey Mann? This is from a one. I I think we're we're both on team Trey Mann for now. You know, I I I think there's like, they went out and got Trey Mann. Right? I I mean, obviously, that was part of the Gordon Hayward deal, but I'm not I'm not certain that OKC was, like, trying to get off of Trey Mann. I think that was that was, like, a semi legitimate asset that you have to give up to get someone like Gordon Hayward. And, you know, obviously, man was was kinda marginalized. There's a a bunch of younger players in OKC who weren't really seeing minutes and then, you know, hadn't been really been a part of the rotation since early in the year, and even that might be generous. So it's it's not like this was a lot by any means, but, dude, I don't know when LaMelo Ball is coming back. I don't know if LaMelo Ball is coming back. We should have an answer hopefully during or or shortly after the all star break. Obviously, if LaMelo's back in the mix and playing 38 minutes tonight, Trey man's gonna have a tough time, but I'm I'm pretty comfortable holding him and especially in deeper leagues, probably only in deeper leagues, to be honest, until LaMelo comes back. Because I think he's gonna play minutes. He's gonna put shots up. He had 9 assists in 27 minutes in his debut. Didn't shoot the ball well. You know, you're like, okay, 9 points, whatever. He was 1 of 5 from 3. He's a good 3 point shooter. So I I think there actually is something there with man. I think there's something there, a little undersized, but can play shooting guard if he has to. And yeah, I think again, I really it's it's really tough to evaluate how they're gonna approach Micic. Micic hasn't been a great fantasy player either. It's not like he's like, Ben, someone who, oh, we just need more minutes from Micic. We just need 20 minutes from Micic, and it'll be interesting. Not not really. He's like, you know, someone who's averaging. I think it's point 7 fantasy points per game or per minute, which is horrible. So that's something to keep in mind. He had a great game, obviously, but Yeah. Man's gotta be the priority. Mitch, Fontechchio, and Mann were the 3 most added players in Yahoo leagues, as of yesterday. So, obviously they're gonna be popular. A bunch of people went out and picked up Grant Williams as well. I I I not super high on, Grant Williams, obviously, you know, Charlotte cleared out a little bit of room in that front court. You look good. I mean, 15 and 8 in his debut played 32 minutes. That was also a great matchup against Memphis. Yeah. I I think we're gonna need a few more games to see exactly how that front court shapes up because, you know, obviously, Brandon Miller and Miles Bridges, those guys are gonna play big minutes every night the rest of the way. They still have Nick Richards. I like Grant Williams a lot more now than I did at the end of his Dallas run when you just couldn't really hold him in any league. But I'm still I'm still pretty skeptical that that he's somebody I would really be comfortable starting most weeks going forward. Yeah. I mean, he is only worth starting, honestly, at this point when he gets, like, stupid hot from 3 because he can't he can't create for himself or for other people. He he's a solid defender, but he's not like a steals or blocks guy. The only time he held fantasy value all season was like the first 10 games of the year when he was shooting crazy hot from 3, and I was begging everybody to drop him. Like, yeah, maybe he'll take more shots with with Charlotte, but maybe some more rebounds here and there. I just I don't know. I don't I don't think he'll be a 12 team must roster guy by any stretch. Yeah. I don't think so either. Looking at some of the other ads in the Stake League this week, there there was a a pretty decent amount of movement. You know, I ended up parting ways with with guys like Sam Merrill, who has, you know, 16 team league, just trying to get some 3 pointers. He had been in a nice run, but I think that's probably coming to an end. Jared Vanderbilt, you know, who who's injured. Somebody dropped him hardaway in order to pick up Taylor Hendrix. That was the the lead leader, Ryan Pohl. So he's got he's got a little bit of leeway there. You know, I think if you're, you know, somebody who's maybe toward the middle of the pack or, you know, you're you're trying to climb, maybe you don't take a risk like that. But I certainly understand the appeal with Taylor Hendrix. I I ended up dropping Derek Jones in order to pick up Caleb Martin. But, you know, overall, I like I said, there's not like the the one lead winner guy who everybody in your league is is kind of targeting. I think people have their their taste of preferences. And at this point, you know, you're if you're in a category league, you're doing a lot of category watching. Right? You know what categories you need. You know what categories you're you're trailing into the point that it might not matter. The state league specifically, you just wanna finish in the top half. Obviously, it'd be great to win the league, but it's a, you know, bottom half of the league buys a steak dinner for the top half of the league. And we're we're talking, you know, 300 plus dollars. So there's there's significant money on the line here. And, you know, as somebody who's hanging around that middle zone, you know, I'm I'm targeting specific categories and and looking where I could climb up. And that's where, you know, Kayla Martin and and Chris Dunn specifically come in. And even Trey Mann, you know, I I view as a a steals producer. Did you do anything in your your end up BKC or any other big time leagues you're in? No. Not much, to be honest. I just didn't have a lot of faith, and and I need these guys to be worth, like, dropping some of the guys I already have. You know? And to me, there were no, like, ads that were so obvious. You know, I got that I I needed to do something major. No. I've I haven't done it yet. I have Lavela in that league. And obviously, it's just thinking me. Mindy's played what? 22 games, I think on the year. You're just not gonna compete in a league like that when you're, you know, 13th overall pick, is giving you that. I'm I'm still not dropping him quite yet. I mean, honestly, at this point, I probably should, but it's like a league like that. There's just there's it's so it's so out of feeling to be like, all right. I'm dropping a LaMelo ball to go pick up Chris Dunn. You know, there's there's that some sort of miracle worker out there on the waiver wire. We will let let's hit a couple of the listener questions out so we could kind of mix these in as we go. As always stack those up in the chat, guys. We will hit as many, if not all of them, as we can before we head out. I do wanna talk about the rookie class at some point, so we'll get back to that in a bit. But, doctor d 314 says, Wendell Carter Junior is on waivers in his league. Should I add him? It's a 14 team points league. He says, Santi Aldama or Josh Green would be the drops in order to pick up Wendell Carter. Yeah. We we all kinda got excited when Wendell Carter came back and had, like, an amazing six games, and then he turned back into Wendell Carter, for basically over the past 8. Yep. Averaging 11 and 6 with 0.3 blocks over the past 8 games. Not great. So would you pick, should you drop potentially Aldama or Josh Green to pick them up? I I think you would probably be okay to drop Josh Green. I'm not really a Josh Green guy. He's been hot shooting lately when that normalizes a bit and and the and the Mavericks get healthier. I think his usage goes down. Mhmm. And I'm not sure I would drop Aldama either the way the Grizzlies are going, with all the injury woes they're dealing with. So I don't I don't think you have to pick up Wendell Carter Junior. I think Green versus Carter Junior to me is close. It comes down to positional preferences. Do you need a big man? Do you need more help at at at center slash forward if he's eligible there in your league? In that case, I would lean Wendell Carter. I'm with you. I mean, Josh Green shot, like, 60% from the field over that nice 5 game run he was on, came back down to earth against OKC in that blowout win the other night, 6 points to 27 minutes. I do think Wendell Carter is gonna be more dependable than Josh Green, but I I think I'd prefer Aldama right now, especially with Xavier Tillman now in Boston. You know, the grizzly shuffled a bunch of pieces. I'm not really sure how meaningful any of that was. And the biggest indicator though is that he's starting with Jared Jackson, and Jackson's been in and out, you know, over the last few games, but the games that he has played, he has started with Aldama. You know, Aldama's got, you know, double digit scoring in in 8 of his last 9. He's averaging about 12, 6, and 3 with some threes, 2 and a half threes per game in that span. Not setting the world on fire, but I I think I would prefer him. I I think it's gonna be a little more secure, than than Wendell Carter. Alright. 8 one says, is Chris Paul worth an ad? His his return is 222. Yeah. I I think we see Chris Paul probably after the all star break. You know, the the last update we got was about a week ago. He said he's making progress, you know, still, you know, was, was kinda nursing that that, broken hand. I'd be very, very surprised if he comes back. They play tonight at Utah. He's he's not gonna play in that game. And they have a back to back Wednesday, Thursday. Very likely to me that he's he's back either right after the all star break or sometime this month. The question is, is he worth an at? I think so on the season, he's ranked a 111th, 8 cap per game. So sure. I mean, go ahead and pick him up, especially if you need assists. But I wouldn't I wouldn't consider him a must add blanket statement. It kinda depends. I think he's fine adding a points league a 100%. You should add him if you need assists. Yeah. If you don't need assists, you can you he's not someone you have to grab. Alright. Our pal, Matt, will always gives us good questions on this stream. He says, hey, guys. Would you drop Dylan Brooks and Marvin Bagley to pick up a SAR Thompson? He's in a head to head points league on Yahoo. Bagley is in his IR spot, so he would need to drop him in addition to Dylan Brooks to pick up a SAR Thompson. I'm not really, I'm not really, a Dillon Brooks guy for fantasy. I think he's always been overrated in fantasy. Marvin Bagley should have the clear runway to just be Washington's starting center. And he returned from injury after a 4 game absence, played only 15 minutes, which is, to me, you don't have to worry about that. I think they'll just ramp him up. But I mean, in in 13 starts this season, you know, including actually, we'll just exclude this past one. He's averaging 15 and 7, 56% from the field, good in points leagues. Yeah. I I would have Bagley. But but a SAR, I don't know. A SAR is the riskiest. A SAR is the risk reward play. So, like, I I think Bagley is actually I can't believe I'm saying this. I think Marvin Bagley is the safest of these of these options. Okay. So you're saying if if a if a scenario unfolds where you could keep Bagley, but drop Brooks for a SAR, you would consider that? Yeah. I would do that. Okay. Yeah. I I think I'm with you either. I I mean, in a ports league, it's it's a little bit different. Obviously the, you know, some of the defensive stats, the seals on the blocks with us are mean, you know, ton in category leagues, but, you know, still have value in points. I I just, I just can't see the bearing as our tops. I mean, really like the foul trouble is almost what concerns me more than anything. And that's been more of a recent thing. You know, it's not like he has this crazy track record of, of picking up fouls early in the year. It was a bit of an issue, but he got it smoothed out. But, yeah, I mean, I I just yeah. I I think the lesson is don't read too much into this last game by Bagley, you know, coming off of an injury. You know, should have been a decent matchup against Philly, but, you know, I I think you're right to point out that there is literally no competition for center right now in Washington. Holmes. Reshaun Holmes didn't play. He was a DNP. He was active. Yeah. He was active and didn't play. So Mhmm. That that to me points to Marvin Bagley 8 30 minutes a game probably from here on out. Yeah. Alright. Follow-up from a one. So thanks for the advice. Appreciate the question. 9 cat 12 team. Should he drop the sumo for Keontae George? He said he's already good in rebounds, field goal percentage, blocks, and steals. He is in need of assists and points. So it's basically who do you prefer going forward? To sumo or Keontae George? If you need assists and points, I would probably go with Keontae George just because for Chicago, Desumo is not a great passer anyway, and they have Kobe White and DeMar DeRozan gonna be handling the vast majority of playmaking there. The Jazz, you know, they they traded away 2 key rotation players. I think they're a 100% fine, pulling the plug a little bit, giving more minutes to Keontay, who is more of a sort of traditional point guard than Dasumo. For me, this comes down to which of those 2 categories do you want more? Because I I think Desumo is going to give you more points. I think it's going to give you more reliable points. It's going to give you a higher scoring ceiling, but he's going to give you fewer assists. Like, Keonte George is the guy. If if assist is the category that you need to make the most hay in, go Keate George. If you think it's points, Desumu. I think they'll be really comparable going forward. And, I would say Desumu, like, if if you're just saying, you know, independent of categories, who would you rather have? I would I would say Desumu. But if if you're not worried about the field goal percentage and you're not worried about, like, turnovers and and whatnot with George, then that that makes us a tougher question. But, yeah. George for assists, the sumo for points. I'll I'll give you the tiebreaker on on George, Alex, if we if we need both. Manila's most wanted, brings up some some news we got on Dyson Daniels about an hour ago. He's got a meniscus tear out indefinitely. You know, we'll likely miss at least a month. Obviously, the all star break helps minimize the the total games missed, but, still a pretty big blow for a guy who's playing around 20 minutes at night. This does open some things up fantasy wise though for a team that has been a little frustrating because they have a lot of guys that we like and a lot of guys who are playing fewer minutes because they have so many guys. So who do we pick up here? He he says Trey Murphy or Herb Jones. They're both available in this league. I, I would go Trey Murphy. I mean, Murphy, he's been kinda hot and cold, you know, coming back from the knee injury, but his minutes being down is the main concern, I think, for Murphy. So I think I think his minutes could increase. And I think he he has more upside than Jones because Jones' not very good offensive player. Yeah. I wrote about Herb Jones on our site last week as somebody who I was, you know, comfortable dropping for the right ad at the deadline. Since then, he's he's trying together like 3 of his best games in the last 2 months, which is usually how that goes when you write about a player who you're saying people should drop. He's got 5 steals in the last 2 games. Prior to that, though, I mean, the steals and blocks, like, that's that's what you're after with Herb Jones. Right? I mean, he'll give you some threes. You you shoot a good percentage, but he's gotta be giving you, you know, close to, if not more than, like, 2 combined blocks and steals per game. And he is at 1.1 combined steals and blocks over a 25 game sample from mid December until early February. So, yeah, he's been better lately. Yeah. He'll see more minutes. You know, if it's a category league and you really need defensive stats, you could justify Herb Jones. But, to me, you know, if you're kinda looking at this independently, you're taking that out of it, I would go Trey Murphy. I will I will say I think there's a really also a strong chance that it just the mitts get distributed so evenly between, like, 4 different guys that it almost doesn't matter. Like, this could be a such because Daniel's been playing about 20 minutes. Right? So this could be, like, 4 more minutes to Trey Murphy and 3 more to Herb Jones and 5 more to Jorgen Hawkins. And, oh, you know, we'll give Alvarado another 2 minutes. And and it could just end up being nobody. Yeah. You're totally right. You're totally right. Both guys, Murphy and Jones, played elevated minutes against Portland. Both played well. So I I don't I don't really know if you can go wrong here, but I I would go Murphy. I think he has more upside. Alright. Follow-up on on Herb Jones from Christian. He says, should I drop Herb Jones to pick up Tim Hardaway junior, who we mentioned was dropped in the stake league? And that's it's a 16 team league. So that doesn't mean nothing. You know? I mean, Hardaway is basically threes and points. Right? If you're in a category league. So as always, depends what you need. If you need defensive stats, go Herb Jones. If you just want the points threes yeah. Hardaway's been rebounding the ball pretty well as well for a for a Dallas team that has not rebounded well, although they should remedy that with with the moves that they made at the deadline. This is a tough one for me. I mean, I I I still think I want the the splash upside of Hardaway. You know, field goal percentage is another thing. If you're in a category league, Jones is gonna is gonna help you a lot more there. But he's also not capable of, you know, going off for 32, 41, 36 point games like Hardaway has in the last month. If I'm in a points league, I want Hardaway. If I'm in a category league, it just depends on what you need. If you need defense, Herb Jones. If you need offense, Tim Hardaway. It's almost it's almost just that simple. Mhmm. Alright. James says, in light of the Jimmy Butler news, again, he is sidelined indefinitely dealing with a personal matter. They're calling it a leave of absence. Again, I I think we expect him to likely be back sometime shortly after the deadline, so I I don't think this is, you know, like a a gold mine type of pickup here. But if you're looking at this week, haquez or Caleb Martin, who would you pick up in Miami? This is this is an interesting question because we also have Josh Richardson out for a few weeks. And we have Terry Rozier, who is still we're waiting on MRI results, for a knee injury. So look. I like Haas Hawkeyes more. I think he's a better player, but what we're talking about is also, in addition to Butler being out, injuries to 2 guards, and they don't really have backups there. So besides Caleb Martin, who is not really a point guard, but it's like someone's gonna have to play there. So I think I think Caleb Martin's the safer pickup, and Hawkeyes hasn't played that well lately, to be honest. Yeah. Ever since the injury, he has he's just been a little slow. Been a little slow. So I I'm gonna lean Martin here. I would lean Martin as well. I think he is a little bit closer to a guard than haka is. Although I think both guys by default will see more minutes. Yeah. You wonder is, is haka is he focused on the dunk contest, not focused on fantasy producing who knows? Caleb Martin, 13 games this year when he's played at least 30 minutes. 15.5 points, 6.5 rebounds, 3 assists, 1 steal and block combined, 50% from the field, 42% from 3. So yeah. I mean, that's probably in line with if you if you isolate, you know, Hawkeyes' best stretch, but that came much earlier in the year. I would go Caleb Barton. It's close. You know, certainly a month ago, I would have said Hawkeyes. No question. But like you said, he just he hasn't played that well over the last couple of weeks. So especially if you're looking at short term this week, I would go Caleb Martin. And, yeah, the Rozier thing is interesting, man. I'm glad you brought that up. Kind of slipped my mind. I mean, who knows? That that could go any direction. Right? I mean, I I think it's very possible that he doesn't play this week and and perhaps beyond the break. Yeah. And he had just started to play better too. So it is kind of, it's unfortunate for people who have been fantasy. I mean, it's it's especially worse because the Josh Richardson. So you get kind of a Yeah. It's it's it's doubly bad. Who knows? We could see more like Duncan Robinson as well. I I think just the main point is, like, the heat have more options on the wing to make up for Butler's absence that they do in the backcourt for the double absences to Rozier and and Josh Richardson. Alright. We got a streaming question from Dennis. He says, pick up Trey Mann or stream Malik Beasley, for the next three games. And this gives us a good excuse to talk about the schedule for this week. Like we mentioned at the top, OKC is the only team in the NBA with one game this week. So thankfully, Trey man doesn't play for OKC anymore. So you don't have to worry about that. The vast majority of the NBA that is, I think, 24 teams have 2 games. And then we have Utah, Minnesota, Milwaukee, Memphis, and golden state. Those teams play 3. All those teams are in action on Thursday. So that's the common thread there. So you're getting you're getting 3 games out of Malik Beasley this week, or you're picking up Trey Mann who has 2 games and you're presumably you know, holding him a bit longer than you might Malik Beasley. I'm I'm picking up Trey Mann. I look. Malik Beasley is a you pick him up to stream him, then you drop him immediately. I I want the potential upside of of Trey Mann. Like, you can look in I well, I don't know if you're asking this because Beasley's hot lately. Like, Beasley's averaging 16 points over the past 4 games. You can go through Beasley's game logs. Look at any stretch, like, 5 game stretch where he's making his threes, and then look at the following 5 games. It's like he'll he'll average 16 points, and then he'll average 7 points. Yep. And it's just I I think you just want the upside of of man because we we just we talked about the beginning of the show, LaMelo, who knows when or if he's coming back. And even if he does, I think Trey Mann could still see 25 plus minutes and, yeah. Yeah. I'm glad you you brought up what you did with Beasley because I wanted to to read off it's it's basically, you know, you're targeting threes with Beasley. Right? So here's his last 9 games made threes. 111-134-6 0109 against Minnesota and then 7, against Charlotte in their last game. So it's you're playing roulette there. Right? You got 3 games. So chances are it's hitting 4 or 5 threes. In one of those games, chances are it's hitting 1 or 0 in another and then maybe 2 or 3. So if you really need threes, if you're in a category league, totally justifiable to stream easily because 3 games this week is an advantage. It's a huge advantage more than it is in in other weeks. But if you're looking more long term, then, yeah, Trey Man is your guy. Alright. We got a trade question. Manilas Most Wanted says, my marketing and Divincenzo for Devin Booker. Would this be too much of an overpay? It's a category league. That's interesting. I mean, marketing is there's a chance marketing is rated higher than Booker is there. I mean, marketing is what? 24th and 8th cat, and Booker is 15th and 8th cat. Man, the thing is Di Vincenzo is on such a crazy boost right now because of the injuries to Randall and Anunoby. Both those guys might come back or hopefully coming back late February, very early March. You know, honestly, DiVincenzo might be too hot to give up right now, because you you might get another 2, 3 weeks out of this. Maybe that's a best case scenario. But I, yeah, I I think I actually might hang on to Markkanen and Booker here. It's a it's a fair trade, I think, like, in general. But yeah. Well, I think you also look at Divicenzo's last game against Indy on Saturday, and you're like, well, he only had 14 points. You know, maybe the run is over. It's like, well, he still played 39 minutes. He just didn't shoot it well. You know, you didn't shoot it like he had been, which is unsustainable. I think we all know that. But he went 2 of 9 for 3 after going, you know, 7 of 12, 4 of 9, 6 of 16, 4 like, he was taking, like, 15 threes a game for for, like, a 6 game stretch, which is insane. And and, you know, Jalen Brunson missed a little bit of time in there too. So there are some games where it was just, like, 8 guys available, and you can't take a whole lot from that. But, yeah, I I think Diva Chantal is too good right now. And the other thing is, like, I don't I'm not opposed to this deal per se, especially if you have concerns about, you know, what Utah might look like later in the year. Yeah. But the Jazz have 3 games this week. So if you could hold off and make this deal break, then, you know, maybe Savvy. Might be a little more appealing. Like, yeah, I want I want those 3 games out of market in this week before I'm dealing him. So something else to consider there. But overall, I don't I don't think this is a wild overpay. I think I I think this is one that both sides would really have to think about. I I think chances are if you propose it, it probably gets accepted, but I don't think it's like an instant no brainer. I agree. Yeah. I would just hang on to my I would hang on to my guys. Okay. We got a pick pick one of the 3 question here from Kage. He says Zubac, Ivy, or Podjempski? Yeah. I mean, Zubach just came back from injury 20 minutes in back to back games, on the whole season. He's like just outside the top 120. So it's like, yeah, he should be rostered. It but it's nothing crazy. Podjempski, man, continues to play well. I mean, we we talked about Chris Paul earlier. Chris Paul coming back could come into Podjempski's minutes. Mhmm. I think I like Podempski more than Zubac, in fantasy, though. Just you get you get the like, that fringe triple double ish upside. And then Ivy, man, Ivy's been balling. Like Yeah. Monty Williams actually trusts him. The Pistons straight away Bogdanovic, and, he's taken at least 20 shots in each of the past 3 games Ivy has. So I think I would just hang on to Ivy. I think I'd want Ivy here. I think I want Ivy as well. I mean, last 5 games, 26 points, 5 rebounds, 4 assists percentages are good. You know, the the turnovers, if you're in a 9 cat league, still turn it over a lot. So that's something you have to consider. The one pushback I would have on Ivy, Alex, is Quinn Grimes. When he comes back, how much does Ivy's role suffer? I think Grimes is just not that good. Okay. I gotta be honest. I mean, I would take a stance here and just say Grimes is just not that he's just not that good. Or else he'd be playing for he won't have played for New York if he was good, like that good. Not like and I think if he does take minutes from somebody, he's gonna be taking minutes from, like, like the, like, Fontecchio may not play 32. Troy Brown played 19 last game. So, I mean, you could find 129 minutes for Grimes. Mhmm. Basically, just like right there. Jake Milton also played 12. Muscala played 10. I think there's minutes for Grimes can be found without taking usage really away from, Ivy. Alright. Ivy's final answer then in that case. So I think we we litigated that one well. Alright. We'll do a couple questions on Ben Matherin here. These these there are 2 that tie together. So schistel o nine says, would you drop Batherin to add IO Desumu, 12 team, 11 cat leagues? So this is standard 9 cat plus free throws made and field goals made. And then we had a a similar question regarding a couple of those same players, Matherin, Desumu, or Keontae George, rest of season in a category league. So we'll we'll we we already talked about Desumu versus George. You know, if you want the points, go with the IO. If you want the assist upside, go with Keontae George. I think I prefer Desumu, just straight up over those 2. But when we throw Matherin into the mix, how how does that change things? Man, I wish I wish Matherin would just, like, get consistent minutes or play well for an extended stretch. I mean, he did in, like, late January or excuse me, late December, early January. But back to back games now, it's 24 minutes, 23 minutes. He was dealing with an illness, so that's something to consider. Maybe this is this might be a by low point, but I think I would ultimately just rather have Dasunmu. What do you think? I think I'd rather have Dasunmu as well. I don't I don't think I don't think Rick Carlisle likes Ben Matherin. I think that has been a kind of I don't think he does. Throughout this season. And, you know, at the deadline, the what I think one of the more obvious, like, alright, this guy's gone. This guy should step up situations was the Pacers with Buddy Yield going to Philly. And we we we've saw Mathur's minutes to decrease over the the, you know, their last couple of games. Right? Like, it just doesn't it doesn't make sense. You know, he's one of those guys. I've said this on the pod before where, you know, he I feel like he has, like, 3 minutes to prove himself when he's out there. And it's like, if you don't if he makes a mistake, he's just sitting for the next 8 minutes, and then he'll get another chance later on. But, like, he just doesn't really have the trust right now of of Rick Carlisle. And, you know, even even last year when he played really well as a rookie, he was a much better real life player than he was a fantasy player. You know, the percentages weren't great, which is often the case for rookie guards. He gives you almost nothing on defense. He gives you almost nothing as a passer. He's an average ish rebounder for his position, and he was also taking 6 free throws a game last year. That's been almost cut in half this season. So I would go to Zumo. I think the Bulls are just going to kind of let it fly here. And and no LaVine the rest of the way is what would really break the tie for me there. So yeah. I mean, all these guys are justifiable holds, and I don't think you're going to be in, like, a disaster scenario with any of them. But, to assume who is the guy that I would want there. Andy w says, hi. Just joined. What's up, Andy? Thanks for watching. Says keep up the great work. Are there any under the radar point guards to add for assists and threes in a roto league? Well, I I think Charlotte would be our 1st place to hit up. Right? Yeah. Charlotte. I would, I would look into Trey Mann who we talked about earlier, who just went to Charlotte from OKC. We don't know when the middle of ball is coming back. Even Michich, who had a great game in his in his Charlotte debut, kinda unclear what's gonna happen there. I'm I'm not a 100% convinced he's gonna continue seeing, like, 30 minutes, but if if you're talking under the radar, that's that's certainly an option. Yeah. I'm trying to see okay. Dennis Schroeder, it's like, well, he he wasn't really dropping that many leagues. He's 73% roster, and I don't think he qualifies as under the radar at this point. I mean, so many guards give you assisted threes. Right? Like, these are fairly common categories for for most guards. So it's it's mostly about finding some minutes. You know, I mean, Marcus Sasser in Detroit is, like, somewhat interesting. He's you know, when the minutes are there, he's been really productive. You know, he had a 17 and 11 game last week. But when Kate and Ivy are healthy and when Quentin Grimes is healthy, I think he's probably the guy that that maybe falls out there. You know, New Orleans with the Dyson Daniels injury, again, I'm not sure there's anybody necessarily under the radar. Like, I I wouldn't recommend going out and grabbing Jose Alvarado. Yeah. I mean, George, we've talked about if you consider him under the radar, maybe that's somebody. But, this is this is kinda one of the side effects of a relatively quiet trade deadline as we know. And we don't have these, you know, perfect fantasy situations opening up all over the league. I think if you're if you're paying attention, like, most of these guys have already been on your radar. Right? Like, we're not gonna say Tyus Jones, Trey Jones. Like, that's, you know, we we kind of know what what they are at this point. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think all those names you mentioned are are mostly who we're looking at. Yeah. It's, again, it's just but some of you, those guys are off the waiver wire. I mean, Dennis Schroeder, maybe. Who knows? Yeah. It's just, those are the most popular guys. Yeah. I'm looking at Yahoo's, you know, most available players right now. I mean, Spencer Dinwiddie, maybe if you think he has a role with the Lakers, I don't know if I quite trust that. You know, TJ McConnell obviously is always gonna be in that conversation, you know, but again, when the minutes are there, which is a pretty big caveat for him. So, yeah, hopefully those are some names that that maybe are available in your league. Speaking of the jazz, Alex says, who do you think gets more run-in silly season for the jazz Keonte or Dunne? I think both will actually end up playing a lot. I mean, if you're looking for a true and I'll be honest, I don't love the, I don't love the term silly season, but I understand it. And, you know, it's become part of the lexicon, so we got to use it. Georgia is like the perfect silly season guy, right? I mean, young player team that doesn't seem to care if they're winning. You know, why not throw more minutes? Like, I love Chris Dunn. I'm still holding out hope for him from, like, that 2016 draft or whatever it was. But, you know, he is turning 30 in less than a month. So, you know, I don't know I don't know if there's a whole lot invested in in developing Chris Dunn. No. I don't think so. It I I was gonna bring up the point you did is that Dunn is not Don's older. So there's just not as much there's not really a development priority there. Alright. Good question on D'Anthony Melton. You know, a guy who's been injured, for the most part, has not played since January 12th, will sit out again tonight against Cleveland. The the sixers also play Wednesday against Miami. I think with the break coming up, you you expect him to miss that game, and hopefully he comes back after the break. But Alex says, what are your thoughts on Melton? Will he still be getting 25 plus minutes at night, or am I better off streaming that spot? I think he'll still be getting 25 plus a night. Yeah. I think he'll still be worth wrestling in fantasy. I think he'd be a top 100 player. You know, the heels edition is interesting for sure, but it's nothing that can't be sort of they I think they can both coexist. And Kyle Lowry's there too. We should mention, but Kyle Lowry's not that good anymore and might only get, like, 15 minutes a game, Mhmm. And may not really play every every night, to be honest. And, you know, in terms of, like, trying to figure out what Philly's rotation is gonna be, you know, we've been seeing, like, well, we should mention I mean, campaign has been playing minutes lately. Those are gonna go away when Melton's back. KJ Martin, I I could see them you know, I could see KJ Martin's minutes disappearing in the form of, like, Kelly Oubre takes his spot, and then Melton gets more minutes to backfill. So that's a long answer, but I I think Melton will be will be back. What are we projecting for Julius Randle to come back? Manila most wanted says could it be back in early March? Certainly could be. I mean, they, they just haven't really given us a whole lot. You know, they said at least 2 to 3 weeks at the beginning of February. So obviously that takes us through the all star break. I think at best, it's not completely out of the question that, you know, he could be back before the end of February. I don't I don't think that's off the table given the the timetable from the Knicks. But, you know, they're kinda tread water as is. And, you know, you look at the the schedule coming out of the break. They have a winnable game at Philly. They play Boston, Detroit, New Orleans, Golden State. So it's not exactly a gauntlet coming up. Maybe they are a little bit more cautious. I I think, yeah, if he's not back by the 1st week of March, that becomes a little concerning. So, you know, tough to answer. We don't we don't have any insider info on that, but early March would be my guess. Yeah. Could could be back sooner. I don't know. James Chan says Kayla Martin or I think this is Bilal Kula Bali rest of season. Rest of season is interesting because if we're if we're just saying the next couple weeks, Kayla Martin for me, for sure. But the Wizards are kind of a skeleton crew of a roster at this point. Kula Bali moved back to the bench for their last game Saturday against Philly. Still played okay. I I just haven't really seen it with him. I I know, like, the good games, have been kinda eye popping. You know, he said some threes. He took 12 threes a couple of games ago. He's, you know, he's putting in some defensive stats. I just I don't see it being super consistent because the minutes have been there. That's the thing. Yes. Yeah. I don't think we're gonna see a lot of Akula Bali unless Jordan Poole or Tice Jones or Avia or Kuzma basically, like, sit for an extended stretch, which is possible that possible. But the right now, your safest bet is Caleb Martin because we know Richardson's out. Josh Richardson's out for, like, 3 weeks, and Rozier could be out for longer. So depending on the Rozier news, it might be like Martin by a lot, or it could be Martin by a little. Another Julius Randle question. Aaron says he's in a 9 cat, 10 team league. Should I pick up Julius Randle? He's on waivers. I would say yes. I mean, especially if you're in if you're in one of those leagues that goes through game 82, like, absolutely no question. And, you know, if you got an IR spot, you could throw them in there. I I would say yes. I I think I'm optimistic enough about his timeline that I I don't you know, unless it's a shallow league, so you're probably dropping somebody of considerable substance here to pick him up. But I I think it would be worth it, especially if you have a drop that you feel okay about. You would be dropping somebody good, but there's in a 10 team league, there are a 1,000,000 streaming options. Like, you could stream every week a lot with great players. So yeah, I would, I pick them up. All right. We got an ESPN 10 team points league. Neil P asks, should I play Kobe white in a Chua over healed and read? So I think this is for, for this week. I would say yes. Most likely, all of those guys I believe have 2 games. So there's not not much of a distinction there. No, buddy, he'll played pretty well in Philly. You know, I mean, there's such a a skeleton crew as well right now that it's tough to to know how much you should read into that. But he has he's 8 of 21 from 3 over the last two games. He's got, you know, 43 total points. He's handed out some assists. He had 4 steals against Washington on Saturday. I would definitely play a 2 over Paul Reed right now. Yeah. Yeah. This is Kobe white and and, a Chua for me because all the the games, the schedule's equal. So I I would go with those guys. They've been more reliable. Their usage is more trustworthy at this point. Yeah. Go with them. Matt says, what are your thoughts on trading Kyrie for De'Aaron Fox in a points league? Fox has a better playoff schedule. I'm on board with this. They're very comparable players in points leagues. Almost almost the exact same fantasy point output per game. And, yeah, if if Fox has a better playoff schedule, I'm I'm totally good with that. Yep. And Kyrie has a a longer history of, missing games, and I I'm not even just for, like, personal reasons. I mean, like, Kyrie gets hurt pretty often. So yeah, the favorable schedule, everything go with Fox. Thoughts on Tari Eason coming back. Is he worth a pickup for the playoffs? Starting to get a little concerned about our guy, Tari Eason. He has not played since new year's day. He they're they're kind of just going game to game now with him. I don't think we see him before the all star break. He's already been ruled out tonight against the Knicks doubt. He plays Wednesday at Memphis. I, at this point, I'm not sure he's worth a pickup. You know, if you're in a 16 team league, sure. If you're in a 10 or 12 team league, I I just wouldn't do it. I mean, it when you're out for this long, I mean, he's gonna end up missing basically 2 months. And that has allowed, you know, Ahmed Thompson to play a lot more minutes, Cam Whitmore to play a lot more minutes. Like, I just I don't think that just vanishes overnight once back. No. I, I was I was concerned 2 weeks ago at least Yeah. Because they're being really dodgy and vague about what this injury is. No timetable, no specificity about what the injury really is. And he look. Ethan's very good. Has top 100 upside. When he comes back, it'd probably be limited. There's a he's got that to go through. So I don't I don't think he's a pickup, but in, like, a standard league. Mhmm. Follow-up quick on on the Darren Fox question. He said Fox is in a big slump at the moment. Should we get worries with his lingering shoulder issue? I'm not too worried about it, to be honest. No. It's been a shooting slump for sure. But he's, you know, he's still producing in basically every other category just fine. It's and it's been basically what the last three and a half games. He hasn't shot it well. You know, he had that huge game against Chicago at the beginning of the month. And and ever since then, the scoring's been a little bit down. So, yeah, it's fair it's fair to question. You know, the 3 point shooting started off so great. Last 10 games, he's at, like, 30%. Still taking a bunch. You know, to me, that that would imply that he's comfortable. I I don't I'm not I'm not worried too much about that. No. And we have the all star break coming up, so he'll get he'll get plenty of time to to rest his shoulder. So I think he'll be fine, especially after the break. What's up, Tristan? He said I just got here. What did I miss? Can't recap everything, but this is archived on YouTube. We we we put this out as a podcast as well, so you can listen to it on Spotify, Apple pods. We do throw the timestamps in there. You know, right after we finish up, we put those on YouTube. So, after we finish up, go to our YouTube page, like, 20 minutes after, and you could skip through and and find whatever you want. Kage says, can you guys see Andre Drummond getting more minutes and being worth a pickup? Lord, I hope so. That would be that would be huge for a couple a couple of teams where I'm holding Andre Drummond to deeper leagues. I don't know, man. Like, he he plays 30 minutes of back to back games, and he's down to 17 against Orlando. I I'm I'm still optimistic. What about you? Yeah. I think they played them this I mean, they wanted to go with the the 2 bigs for Minnesota, and then they kept it rolling against Memphis. I think he's back. Yeah. You mentioned he's back to 17 against Orlando. Could he? He could. Patrick Williams has been out. That's been obviously a big part of this. Mhmm. He could Patrick Williams could be back basically after the all star break. It's such like a it's it there's no good answer here. Because if you drop him and then he starts seeing, like, they they keep playing them more together with Vooch 24 minutes, and then it's like, well, you gotta pick him up. And then if he he's trapped on your bench. So, I think it's it's mostly unlikely that he starts seeing, like, 28 minutes or even 24 minutes consistently. But maybe they'll throw it out as, like, an option once in a while because they did. I yeah. I would be I mean, I don't think he's getting to, like, 28 minutes a night. I think that's off the table. But with Drummond, you just need the 22 to 24, and he's still gonna be, like, a top 100 guy because of the volume on rebounding and and some of the defensive stats. So depends on how you need rebounding. You know, in in the league where I have him most notably, rebounds are, like, the the top category that I'm targeting. So that's, you know, it's more he's more valuable to me there than than other comparable players would be. But just just know that you're gonna have to live with those 17 minutes, 3 points, 5 rebound nights just as often as you're gonna get the, you know, 20 points, 13 rebounds like he had against Memphis. Alright. Good question from Christopher regarding the Blazers. How about this for under the radar guards? Look to Portland where everybody's hurt or getting shut down. He brings up Ashton Haggins. Just a just a classic throwback name. I haven't thought about Ashton Haggins in a while. He's big time recruit when he was at Kentucky, and then Don O'Benton as well who wound up in Portland after the deadline. I think that's a good call. You know? I mean, we went right to Charlotte. Portland, very similar situation. You know, Brogan is out with tendonitis in his elbow. Gonna be reevaluated after the break. What a shock, by the way. Yeah. We we could it's very possible that Progyny just doesn't play again this year. I mean, I think the shutdown is is coming for him pretty hard. I don't think they're gonna shut down Scoot or Simons. I don't really see the reason for that. Both of those guys have been banged up lately, but I don't view that as long term. So if you just look at the last couple of games, you're like, oh, Ashton Haggins. You know, he's played 51 minutes over the last 2. Didn't really do anything in those games, including a start against New Orleans on Saturday. I'm not super intrigued with him. Banton, you know, really unique player, can have some size, you know, just somebody that I think a lot of teams have been intrigued and fascinated with over the last couple of years. You know, obviously, Boston was one of those. Now he's in Portland. If I had to choose between those 2 in a deeper league, I I would say Banton, but, ultimately, I I don't know if there's a ton here right now. Yeah. I mean, I they're not gonna shut down Scoot, and I don't know if they shut down Simons. Brogdon just got hurt because he he shot so much. Yeah. I yeah. I I'm with you. I prefer Benton. He at least has, like, an NBA history. It was it's also intriguing on, like, a steals and blocks upside. He's he's shown some stuff. So if if you yeah. One of those 2 guys, I'd pick up Banton, if anybody. I think the only scenario where they would shut down Scoot is if he's like, this foot injury that's cost him the last 2 games. It's like if if this is something that's, like, kind of legit and it's like, yeah, he could play through it, but, you know, maybe it's not the best idea. I could see that, but I don't I don't think they would purely shut him down for, like, competitive purposes. Yeah. I think I think there would have to be a true injury there. Alright. Caruso or Trey man. Man, we are we are really going in on Trey man on the spot. A one says he needs assists. So if you're specifically looking for assists, Alex Caruso or Trey Man? Well, I mean, Trey Man probably has more assists upside, but with Caruso, Caruso is just so much more of a known commodity. It's hard for me not to just say Caruso, because I think they're gonna play him down the stretch. The bulls have a legit chance of of staying in the play in. I think it's more than likely they will be in the play in, so I think they'll continue playing their guys. And I would just rather have Caruso. Yeah. I would lean toward that reliability too. I mean, Trey man could be a better fancy player the rest of the way, or LaMelo Ball could come back in 2 weeks and everything we've said about Trey man is is moot. So I, yeah, I would just lean on the known commodity in Caruso. Like you said, the bulls, for better or for worse, they are they're pushing for the play in. So I don't I don't think they're slowing down on that anytime soon. Christian says, should I trade away Jaren Jackson junior worried about a shutdown? I think we've gotten this question on every single stream for the last 2 months and rightfully so. It's a good question. I, yeah, if you can get comparable value, I would do it, man. I've been in, I'm in the spot in a couple of leagues where I just made a big mistake. You know, I wouldn't say reaching for Jared Jackson, but making a point to get him thinking, alright. I got blocks covered. This is gonna be great. You know? He's been fine. He hasn't been the staff profile hasn't been exactly what we expected. It's been a ridiculous season injury wise for Memphis, so I don't really fault Jared Jackson. But, yeah, the the shutdown could be coming at some point. I think the question is, what what is the merit for Memphis? You know, are they are they close enough that they could actually find their way into the bottom 4? Because that's probably what matters most. I mean, they could catch that. They're only they're only like 2 and a half up on Portland for what would be the 5th worst record. So that yeah. That matters. There there there are some lottery implications there. I don't think they could get all the way to the bottom 4. I don't think so, but Triple J is kind of been injury prone throughout his career too. Yeah. And I think they're gonna look forward to next year. It's not like they're bad, and they have not much to look forward to next year. They're bad, and they might be, like, the 3rd seed in the West next year. Right. So I think they might try to protect them as much as possible. So, yeah, I would I would move off of him and try to get any top, what, 50, maybe even 60 player in return. Like, if you can trade Jaren Jackson top 50. Yeah. I mean, if you can trade Jaren Jackson and someone wants to give you, like, I don't know, Franz Wagner or Nick Claxton or, like, Jalen Johnson or something, That range, I think. Yeah. Jalen Duran, maybe. I could see someone maybe, like, this is risky, but it's like you could just offer maybe you could just offer triple j for Zion and just that maybe that just the the opposing manager is is also kind of like a panic and it's like, oh, I don't know. Zion, I don't trust him. I don't Yeah. I mean, I I think you have to know that you're if people are paying attention, you know, you're gonna have to pay a tax for the possibility that he's being shut down because whoever's taking him on knows that as well. So yeah. I mean, you're not getting, you know, you're not you're not getting Jokic for him. You just you kinda have to know what what your boundaries are. But I would as always, aim high first and, you know, don't throw out an insulting offer. But, you know, I I wouldn't start by, you know, trying to get, like, the 80th ranked player. If if if it gets to that point, maybe you have to think about it. But, yeah, overall, don't mind getting off of him. I think it's becoming clearer and clearer where the season's heading for Memphis. The wood says that he's in 1st in his head to head 12 team league. It's 4 games up on 2nd place, but 5 guys are injured, and they're they're big ones. Embiid and an OB, quick Capella, Jimmy Butler, Cam Johnson. Should he drop any of these injured guys? I think the only one you should can sit well. Okay. You can drop Cam Johnson. Don't worry about it. Do not worry about dropping Cam Johnson. Go ahead and do it. Embiid. It's a tough one. I wouldn't drop anybody else. Cam Johnson, I'm with you. Drop him 12 team league. You'll find somebody who's doing as well, if not better than him. So I wouldn't worry about that. Embiid's tough. I'm gonna dodge for a second. I think Capella is maybe maybe droppable. If you absolutely need to, I could I think there's an argument for it. Okay. But and then indeed. Yeah. I don't know, man. What so I you know, I almost need more information about your league because some leagues stop early. Like, if your league ends, like, I don't know, March 26th or something like that, if your league ends pre April, it probably is worth dropping him. If your league ends in April, like, if it goes to the final week of the season, it's probably better to hang on just to see. But, if you wanna start by dropping Cam Johnson and seeing where that gets you, please go right ahead. I would also semi endorse Capella based on who's on the waiver wire and stuff, but I don't know why I'm beat yet. This is kind of a sicko move, but would you consider floating out like in a bead trade offer before you drop them? Oh, okay. Well, that's a good point. Yeah. Not just for a bead, but for anybody. Like if you could, if you can make a quick trade for any of these guys, just do that instead because they're gonna get because someone might pick up Cam Johnson off the waivers or Capella or Embiid or anything. But, yeah, for Embiid, see yeah. Try to trade him first. See see what's out there. Yeah. I mean, like, offer him to the team that's in 5th place or something, you know? And you're like, alright. Well, I have no other path to climbing up here. And, you know, I I just hoping and praying that Embiid beats the timeline and, you know, I get 3 weeks out of him at the end of the year. You know, that would burn you, of course, but at least you're getting a a return instead of just picking up the best option off the waiver wire. But, yeah, I I I'm a wuss when it comes to, like, dropping guys like a beat or LaMelo or Desmond Dane or whoever it is. It's like, I just there's that fear in the back of your mind that you're gonna get you're gonna get burned on it later. Alright. NBA j says, hi, guys. Good evening from the UK. Alright. Well, international flavor here. Firstly, thanks for another great show. Thank you, NBA j. Appreciate everybody listening along. Says I hit with Jennings and anytime touchdown last night, which was nice, and my fantasy teams were fire. Alright. We love to hear it. We love to hear it. Talking to Juwon Jennings, Anytime TV on the on the rotor wire fantasy basketball pod. I wish I had invested in Juwon Jennings. There was a time last night where I'm frantically looking up, like, can I live bet Jennings to win Super Bowl MVP? It kinda felt like it was heading that way. And, of course, things took a turn, but glad to hear it, man. Hopefully, we're helping you out, on the the fantasy team side of things. But, I don't I don't think either of us were were on Juwan Jennings throwing and catching a touchdown last night. That that did not come up on any of the past pods. Paul says, should I hold Gigi Jackson, Trey Mann, and or Scoot Henderson, or pick up Wiggins, Pogemski, Micic, Melton, Kante George off waivers? 12 team league categories. So we've talked about, pretty much every one of these guys individually at some point. I'm I'm team holding Trey Mann for now. Although, I mean, all these guys are pretty appealing. You know, even Wiggins, who we've done more than anybody, is starting to play better. Wiggins is starting to play better, but I don't, I don't really want to, like, get it twisted and try to, like, convince. Like, tell people that I think he's, like, a top armature player or, like, a must roster guy because I don't think he is. Yeah. Gigi's been playing well, man. Like, I was a I was a skeptic. I was a hater, some might say, but he's he's playing fine if you don't mind, a a pretty drastic hit to your field goal percentage. Man, I mean, Melton, out of all of these guys, has the highest upside. So I if you wanna drop Gigi or Trey Mann to grab Melton, I I think that's fine to do. But I just wish we had more info on Melton. I mean, it's a stress fracture in his lower back. So, like, it's just it's really tough. We all know we all know it'll come back. They're taking a game by game, which is really frustrating. Like, it'd be so much easier if they were like, he's out 3 weeks, but they won't tell us. So I can't it's hard for me to give, like, great advice on that. Yeah. I mean, so Scoot is probably the guy that we've talked the least about of all these, on the pod. And we we did just mention, you know, he's missed 2 games. There's the possibility of a a shutdown based on injury alone. They're not they're not shutting down if he's healthy. There's really no, you know, reason to do that. He has been playing better of late. It's been seeing a lot more minutes. That's helped. Last 4 games before the injury, 20 points, 5 assists, 5 rebounds. She ended better from 3 too, which is worth noting to see if that could continue. He's interesting to me. Like, are are if if you could say, alright, he's back in the next couple of games or he's back right after the all star breakout worst. Are you holding him over most of those other guys? Yeah. I don't I don't think you can drop Scoot right now. If you hung on this long or you scoot them off of waivers, this is like the exact point of the year that we were all just waiting for. Brogdon's hurt, potential shutdown for those guys. Like, yes, you mentioned with Scoot. He has a foot injury himself. I gotta I need more information on the foot injury before I just, like, drop Scoot because there is potential for him to close out the year playing very well. Yeah. We gotta follow-up on Bagley. Knew it was coming. Are we trusting Bagley that much? Old or drop? You're the you're the resident Bagley guy, Alex. Oh, yeah. He's here. Here we go. The guy you gotta hold him. Yeah. Like, he he he missed 4 games and then played 15 seconds his first game back. So, it was a back issue. You know, sometimes guys, you know, they need a little time off of that. So, like, it is the thing is before he got hurt, he was only playing 24 minutes a game, but was putting up 29 fantasy points per game. And, you know, the wizard's got nothing to lose here, and he's got almost no competition. So if he keeps playing 15 minutes, yeah, drop him because that's insane. But if he if he gets, like and I mean for, like, a week and a half. But, no, I'm I'm I'm cool trusting him. We'll see if Rashaun Holmes enters the mix. That that to me would be the only deterrent here because before they they added him, it's like they literally had no other centers, and they would have to give minutes to Marvin Bagley unless you're starting, you know, Kuzma or Omar Ruiy or whoever at center. If Holmes works his way into the mix, then I'm out on Bagley. If not, you kinda have to be in just based on the workload. Christopher says Memphis arrives with Golden State a few years ago when everybody was hurt and they ended up with a high pick and we're great again next year. Yeah, I think that's fair. I mean, golden state was like 15 50. I think that year that was the COVID bubble season. Kind of a good year to have a down season. Didn't have to go to the bubble. Didn't have to deal with any of that. Just a weird year for the league in retrospect. And obviously they bounced back in a pretty big way, the next season and, you know, won the title 2 years later. So Memphis, you know, should be able to bounce back. Right? I don't think we we view this as, like, it's just a blip. And if anything, it results in them, you know, getting a high lottery pick and maybe adding another piece to that core. Van Dam says 10 team ESPN points league. I wanna drop Trey Jones for Gigi for upside. Is this a good or a bad move? Drop Trey Jones for Gigi. I think it's fine. Yeah. I I think that's fine. Trey Jones isn't really a points league guy anyway. Trey Jones, he's more of a category league guy. And, Gigi's actually averaging more fantasy points per minute, and they're playing roughly the same amount of minutes these days. Yeah. I'm fine with that. Yeah. I think that's fair. If you're, if you're couching it in the upside, then absolutely. Going back to the wood, the question about on, you know, who to drop, you said playoffs begin in week 21 and it's a 3 round playoff. So it kind of depends how your league you know, I know some leagues will count this week and next week as one. This is technically week 17 in in most of the leagues that that operate like that that I play in. So we'd be I mean, either way, we're looking at, like, mid March. Yeah. So on ESPN, at least, I don't think that's necessarily what league you're in, but week 21 is March 18th through 24th. And then if you have 3 rounds, that's the 21st, 22nd, and 23rd, which means basically your last game of the playoffs is the 7th. Man, Yeah. I I would be more based on that, I'm I'm leaning to where it's safer to hold him, but I would I like Nick said, I'm I'm with Nick on this. See if you can trade him to somebody for, like, basically their worst 2 starters probably. Like consistent start the worst 2 consistent starters on someone else's roster. And I think I think you might get someone to bite, but it's going to be borderline. I think the the big issue here is can you win the league assuming this is, you know, head to head, right? Can you win the league without a beat? Like, if a beat comes back, do you need him? Like, is he is he the guy who's almost single handedly carried you to number 1 in the standings because of how dominant he's been? You know, it's like, are you getting enough upside where it's like, yeah, maybe if you make that move today, maybe that gives you enough that you're able to hang on to a top 2 seed. But are you making it through 3 weeks of head to head playoffs without Embiid? Yeah. This is a really unique situation because it's it would be much easier if it was, like, Justin Embiid that was hurt for you for for us to be like to get just to give you advice in general, but the fact that you have, like, 5 relatively key players hurt at some point, you're just gonna you just need someone to play for you. And, yeah. I mean, you can you can probably get by with some streaming and do some piecemeal stuff and just, you know, but again, yeah. I don't know, man. Try to trade them. There's no right answer here. There really isn't. Alright. Let's do a couple more, and then we'll be out here. We'll talk rookies on Wednesday with Brandon Kravitz. It's not gonna have time for that, which is fine. Got a lot of good questions. Talked a little bit about Grant Williams earlier, but we'll hit this again. Twelve team category league. Do you like Grant Williams? For me, I'm I'm still probably out. I mean, he's in a slightly better situation in Charlotte. You know, it's he's just one of those guys where you don't look at him. You're like, man, what what could he be? You know, like, what if he just got 30 minutes? You know, it's like he kinda is what he is. I don't think there's a whole lot of developing to be done. There's not a lot of unknown when it comes to Grant Williams. And, you know, he's you look at one game that he's playing with Charlotte, 15 and 8, with an assist the other night. Hit 3 threes. That's great. That was a great matchup against Memphis. Most of the time, Charlotte's gonna be completely overmatched. And he mixed in these games every now and then with the Mavs, especially early in the year. I mean, he was he was great, like 1st 2 weeks of the season. And he would still sprinkle those in once every couple of weeks. And then, you know, there'd be like 6 bad games in a row. So I just I have a hard time believing that know, he's just gonna be a nightly 15 and 8 going forward. So I if I have to be in or out, I'm out. I'm gonna be out. He does have 2 pretty nice matchups coming up, Indiana and Atlanta. So pick him up, see what happens. But I'm gonna say I'm out partially because I god. I wish we knew if LaMelo Ball was coming back. But but, you know, part of the reason, he's a low usage player in general, but it's not like going from Dallas to Charlotte. I I don't think that's inherently giving him more usage because he's also stepping into a into a rotation that has LaMelo Ball, high usage player. Miles Bridges takes a ton of shots, and Brandon Miller's been cooking. So Grant Williams does not I don't think he's gonna touch the ball that much more than he was in Dallas when everybody is healthy for Charlotte. Alright. Thoughts on Kelly Olynyk and Taylor Hendrix. So we have one current Jazz, one former Jazz. I've been enamored with Hendrix, you know, through the draft process. I I really like what I saw from him. I was pretty surprised that he was just not a part of their plan, like, at all early on. And, you know, he spent most of the year in the g league. I think at the end of the season, there's probably gonna be a week where he looks really good. I would probably rather have a linic. I just I don't really trust like, it's still not really clear what the Jazz even wanna do. Like, they're so pretty competitive. They, you know, it's like they traded Laurie Market in. Like, they can kind of be as good as they want. Obviously, there's a pretty defined ceiling there, but they can they could go one of 2 ways, and I'm not sure which route they're gonna pick yet. I I would prefer Olenek. I think he's gonna give you a much higher floor week to week. I mean, I don't know what the Raptors are doing either. Yeah. Me neither. Good point. But if they both played this if they both played the same amount of minutes, I would much rather have Olenek. And as of right now, it looks like they might play the same amount of minutes. Olenik saw 22 minutes of his team debut, 11633 and 1. And, you know, they traded away Thad Young. So that's 15 to 20 minutes a game right there that Thad Young was playing. And, yeah. I mean, the only played 21 in the in this game. So I think again, Olynyk has risk, but he's he's the he is he is the upside play, which is funny because everyone's gonna say, like, Hendrix is the upside play. Olinic is actually the upside play. But Yeah. The one thing I will say about that Cavs game on Saturday, they are down 20 going into the Q4. Olinic played the entire Q4. So So he'd only played 10 minutes Okay. Through the 1st 3 quarters. And the Cavs are just steamrolling everybody these days. So it might not be the the best sample. You know, I wouldn't be surprised if that that minute split between him and Pirtle is a little more extreme going forward when they're not getting blown out. So that's something to keep in mind, but I I still think I mean, Olynyk has been a really good per minute guy for most of his career, and he's just getting you sometimes he's in a good situation. Sometimes he's not. It's like every other year with him. But, you know, Hendrix has basically played real minutes in, like, 3 games this year. It's so hard to tell. So, yeah, I mean, it it I don't think there's ultimately gonna be a massive gap, but I personally would rather have a linic. Alright. Devon says, what's up, Rose? I'm in a sleeper's league, 16 man game pick playoffs. I don't know what's going on here. Basically my bench is Scottie Pippen, TJ McConnell, Trey Murphy, or Murphy, Michich, and Zach Collins. Any good waivers to swap any of those players for? I don't, I mean, I don't really think McConnell is gonna be doing I I McConnell and Scottie Pippen was a healthy scratch on Saturday. So Yeah. That's I don't Yeah. I don't know. I mean, he's pulled up some decent numbers when he's been active, so I'm not totally ruling him out, but something to monitor. Yeah. I mean, if someone's a healthy scratch, that pretty much kills it. You know, Zach Zach Collins has been fine. McConnell's actually been getting consistent minutes, which is nice. But, yeah, I think, I think Pippen's the the move here to drop if you got a DMPCD. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I would not drop Murphy right now, especially in light of the Dyson Daniels injury. The rest of these guys, I think, are all justifiable. Zach Collins has just not been very good lately. You know, McConnell just kind of whatever else is going on in that backcourt is still a good per minute guy. And then me check. We're dealing with a one game sample. So who knows? But there's a you know, he showed enough that I think you're you're at least intrigued by by what he's doing. Last one. And then we're out of here. 12 team cat league. Would you trade De'Aaron Fox and Harrison Barnes for Devin Booker? Yeah. Yes. Harrison Barnes may as well not even be a name in this trade. Like, you may as well just not I'm just gonna pretend he doesn't even exist because he's barely he's not you don't even really have to roster him almost in any league. So, yeah. Do it. Yeah. I mean, if you look at, like, the last couple weeks, you'd be like, well, Harrison Barnes. You know, he's he's been, actually no. You you know what? Yes. I'm backing up on this completely. He's outside of the top 200 in the last 14 days, and that includes, like, that wild stretch. So, like, no. Just don't even he doesn't do anything but score every now and then. He's a, like, a bad free throw shooter. He's super inconsistent. Just really wouldn't really wouldn't worry about it. So I yeah. I'm with you, man. You could probably drop Harrison Barnes for somebody better and just do this deal straight up. I mean, if somebody really wants Harrison Barnes, if they're from Ames, Iowa and they're demanding Harrison Barnes, then sure. Happy to include him. But I would just view this as, would you give up Fox or Booker? And, yeah, I I think you absolutely would. Alright. Last thing before we head out, did just get an update, Alex, on Terry Rozier. Shams Serania says Miami Heat guard Terry Rozier has avoided any major injury as the MRI today showed a sprained right knee. He'll be evaluated week to week. Sources tell The Athletics. So no major injury. That means no torn meniscus, no torn ACL, nothing like that. That's huge. But still gonna be out this week. Still could miss time after the all star break. Week to week is not an a phrase I like to hear. No. So pick up Caleb Martin. People are asking about Hawkeyes versus Caleb Martin. I think this is gonna make me lean Caleb Martin more. And, yeah, throw Rosier under IR. Don't drop him because he could come back and it's possible he comes back after the all star break, I suppose. But I would probably I would hope I would put a realistic timeline on, like, March 1st, basically knowing nothing, but just like the wording. Just think about March 1st. So schedule wise, Miami plays Tuesday, Wednesday this week. So 2 games. They play only Friday next week. So one game week coming out of the all star break. And then after that, they do have a 4 game week and another 4 game week after that. So keep that in mind. You know, hockey is Martin, both of those guys justifiable ads. As we mentioned earlier, Jimmy Butler, you know, out indefinitely, probably doesn't miss too much time. And then Josh Richardson also got hurt over the weekend. So plenty of opportunity available in Miami. Alright, guys. Thank you for all the great questions in the stream. We love doing this every Monday. You guys make this one for us. So keep those coming. We'll be doing these, you know, throughout the rest of the regular season, do some pods in the playoffs as well. Please like the video on YouTube, subscribe to our channel. That helps us out immensely. Like I said, we'll put those time stamps in there. So if you wanna listen back, you wanna send it to anybody, they could click through, you know, just kinda watch whatever parts they want. If you wanna watch the full video, even better. And we also post this on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, wherever you get your pods. So if you want this as an audio podcast, you can find it there 5 days a week, Monday through Friday. We've got a rotating cast of hosts, always good stuff coming out of those. We'll have Doctor. Ray, Steve Alexander, the hall of famer hosting the pod tomorrow. I'll be with Brandon Kravitz on Wednesday. Alex will be back on Friday with Ken and Shannon. Thanks as always, guys. We'll talk to you soon.