Welcome to a Wednesday morning edition of the Roadwire Fantasy Basketball Pod. Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz here with you as we are every Wednesday morning. Brandon, it's been a been a hectic couple weeks around the holidays. Good to be back on a normal schedule. I I know you and I have both been sick over the last couple of months. I went through, you know, a multi week AirPod saga. As you can see, AirPods are back. Looking good. I I ordered a new a replacement AirPod, to to replace the one that was lost. That was a whole a whole thing. You know, it turns out they have to, like, sit in the case for, like, a full day to to pair and, like, get the same firmware. So went through that battle, finally got it working. And then I'm also moving this week, so we're we're, like, you know, getting everything out of our house. I'm sitting in an empty room, which you can't really see based on how I have the camera positioned, but we're moving things around, and then the other AirPod turns up. So now I have 3 AirPods. Wow. Well, hey. If you grow that 3rd ear, you're gonna be all set and ready to go. Yeah. Yeah. Right. I don't know if there's a way I could, like, maybe stuff 2 of them and get, like, double sound in 1 ear. But we're back on track. That's a round sound. Yeah. Please get the, the the questions rolling. We will take live listener, live viewer questions over the second half of the pod. So throw those in the chat. We are not ignoring them. We will hit on as many as we can, if not all of them, later in the podcast. So, again, feel free to start stacking those up. Brandon, we we had a pretty pretty mild slate in the NBA last night. We had a few blowouts. Sacramento, Detroit is funny because Kings win that game 131, 110. I was on on NBA radio last night, and my my best bet was Detroit team total under 1 13 and a half, which somehow ended up hitting. I I completely wrote this one off. The Pistons put up 47 points in the Q1. They were leading this game by 20 midway through the Q2 and ended up losing by 21. Yeah. 15 point Q4 for the Pistons. I think, like you said, they were up by 20 at one point and then wound up losing by 20. It's almost hard to pull that off, even for a bad team like the Pistons, but this is their issue. It's it's it's weird to say this about a team that only has 3 wins. I actually don't think the Pistons are that bad. I I think that there there are things that I see about this team that I like. There's a there's a scrappy nature about them. They've got some talent on this roster. They cannot put things together for 4 full quarters. That's their problem. So, perhaps they need to retool things. Certainly not saying that they, they got their roster for the future, but there are some pieces that I think you could keep for this version of the rebuild, and and maybe it comes down to a coaching issue. But I, like, I think the Pistons moving forward are a team that you can bet on here and there, but Mhmm. You also have to strap in and get ready for games like you saw last night. Yeah. I I felt like a complete idiot. You know, Alex and I talked through that game. We're like, why is why is this line only 11? This is insane. You know, hammer the Kings tonight, and I'm like, man, we're we're gonna get tweets. We're gonna look like, we know nothing about the NBA. And, thankfully, the the Detroit Pistons showed up and and are the Detroit Pistons. You are right. From a betting perspective, it it hasn't been maybe quite as disastrous as you would think. I mean, they are 14, 22, and 1 ATS. Obviously, that's not good. That's 28th in the NBA. But, you know, with the amount, it feels like they get blown up by 20 plus every night. Right? And that's not necessarily the case. Like, they are they are starting to cover a little bit more of late. I mean, they're better against the spread than Phoenix. Atlanta is an NBA worse 8 in 27 against the number. Yikes. Yeah. And and I think there's gonna be opportunities moving forward because, these spreads are only gonna get bigger, especially with Cade Cunningham out of the lineup, and water will tends to find its level. Only sharp betters are gonna be on the Pistons, and they should tell you everything that you need to know. Mhmm. It's a team that you do you wanna bet them every night? No. You don't need that kind of stress in your life, but Absolutely not. I do I do think that it's a team that I wouldn't just outright ignore them night tonight. If you like betting the NBA and you look at the slate, you know, when you get the Pistons at double digits, last night it didn't work out. Thankfully, I didn't I didn't take the dive there last night, but I I do think that in certain spots, the the Pistons might be trustable. 1, the Pistons aren't that bad. 2, sharps are betting the Pistons. Those are those are 2 money quotes. Excuse me, Brandon. We'll we'll have to clip those for for the the rotor wire Twitter account. I mean, the nice thing is, like, when Detroit keeps it well relatively in reason or, you know, when they put up 47 in the Q1, it's like they're a gold mine for the team that's playing against them. Right? I mean, this is like the ideal scenario. Like, if you roll to Montes Sabonis out there in DFS last night, you're you're just, like, crossing your fingers. Like, please play 30 minutes. And this was a competitive enough game that he played 38. He goes 16 of 21 from the field. 37, 13, and 10. Keegan Murray had a nice night as well, right after I I dropped him in a shallow league, to pick up Gokobatadze. He goes for 32 points and 5 3 pointers with 2 blocks. I I actually did have the had the over on 5 and a half assists, for De'Aaron Fox, which which ended up sinking one of my my underdog entries last night, and had that tethered to Jaden Ivy over 2 and a half turnovers. Would not recommend, betting turnovers in general, but when it's the Pistons, when it's Jaden Ivy, it was actually a really fun sweat. He picked up 2 turnovers over the course of a minute. The the one that pushed it over was a charge that was reviewed. I mean, there is nothing more thrilling than than waiting out a review hoping that a charge is called. Well, that's great. Yeah. No. That's fine. That's a charge. That's a charge. It it it's definitely one of those bets that it's gotta be it's gotta be an underdog play where you're slamming some together. You can't just solo bet turnovers, sit there watching NBA game. That's just you're not getting your money's worth on league pass if that's the way you're consuming this sport. But that's the issue. When you talk about De'Aaron Fox and him falling short of the total on his assists, I hate when I bet a a prop, and a game turns into a blowout because it's it seems like that's when you know I'm not even I don't even feel hopeful that that I'm gonna get there by the end of the game because I'm just sitting there on pins and needles waiting for the head coach to take the guy out of the lineup entirely. So that's, that can be a frustrating watch. I dealt with that last night. The Magic were swiftly taken care of by the Minnesota Timberwolves. But if you're on any Magic props, you you at least got a decent sweat out of it because they didn't have a rotation. So it's not like they like, Jamal Mosley couldn't go to this bench group that it didn't exist. You know, they only had, like, 9 guys active last night. I wanna talk about the magic in a moment, but I do wanna close out Detroit and just kinda give a look at alright. Here's what the rotation could be over the next week or so with Kate Cunningham out. And, you know, the timeline is 7 to 10 days. Could, you know, could be 7 days, could end up being 2 or 3 weeks. You never really know. Obviously, Detroit, you know, sitting at 3 and 34 on the season, they're they're in no position to rush Kate Cunningham back. But we saw Jaden Ivey. You know, he's he's continuing to start. He played 33 minutes last night. Looked decent outside of the 4 turnovers, 22, 6, 5, 2 steals. Killian Hayes moved into the starting lineup. I wish I would have met his turnover prop. He had 5 turnovers, I think, in the first half. Finished with 6. That's kind of who Killian Hayes is. You can if you're in a deeper league and you really need assists and and maybe a few steals here and there, you could grab him. But, you know, 4 points out of 4 shots in 31 minutes in a game where the Pistons actually played pretty well for half of it. That's kind of what you're looking at with with, with Killian Hayes. You know, I I wondered if in a roundabout way, you know, the Cunningham absence, that's, like, you know, 38 minutes a night that are up for grabs. If that would lead to a little bit more Asar Thompson, last night, it did not. 14 minutes for Asar. Did pick up 3 fouls. Did have 3 steals in 14 minutes, but, not necessarily looking like he's gonna be a big time beneficiary. We did see a little more Marcus Sasser off the bench, but not a whole lot there for Fantasy. And, Saur Thompson, you talk about a guy that has hit a rookie wall hard and fast. He has given you a whole lot of nothing recently and, was a guy that we talked about weeks ago. It's heavy in the trade market. Somebody that we wanted to, target or even sell high on, and we're talking about some big names that you could, you could package together and and try and get for an Asar Thompson package. But now now I see him out there on the waiver wire. I'm not even interested. But I I I do think this Cade Cunningham injury, while it's unfortunate because I love watching him play and he's been putting up incredible numbers, it does open up some opportunities. Jaden Ivey is somebody who I know we've gotten a lot of questions about. I'm I like his talent, and I think with the usage wise that you're gonna see with, with what the kind of workload he's gonna have. I think this could be an opportunity for him to blossom points and assists, for sure. And as long as that percentage stays up, I think Jaden Ivey could be a guy that helps you for the next couple of weeks. Yeah. Absolutely. Alright. Before we talk Orlando Magic, we got a message from our good pals over at underdog. Underdog Fantasy, it's the number one platform for NBA best ball in those DFS player pickup contests that we talk about all the time. If you haven't tried Underdog, now is the time. Because if you're a new user, you receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100, plus an invaluable free 6 month subscription to rotorwire.com. All you gotta do is use the promo code rwnba. That's rwnba. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app. It's a wonderful app. I use it all the time. Go download that today. Use that promo code RW MBA. You'll get that free RotoWire subscription and that deposit bonus up to a $100. So you you put in a 100, they'll match it. All of a sudden, you got 200 to play with on Underdog. So very good deal there. You mentioned the Magic. Were were you in the house last night for the speed down? I was front and center. Oh. It was not pretty. It was, and and it was it happened fast too. It was 11 nothing right out of the gate, and you could tell the Magic had nothing left. And, really, we shouldn't be surprised. This is a team that and I don't mean this from the totality of the season, but definitely within the last week, have been playing way over their heads. Their shooting percentage prior to last night, their 3 point shooting percentage over a stretch of 4 games was like 46%. They've been making 18 threes per game. That's 8 more than their average on the season. So they've been getting by and it's almost like a college basketball kind of a way when you see these teams in the tournament where you go, you don't have the body. Magic against the Nuggets, last Friday night against the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday night, at the Kia Center. I'm still getting used to saying that. And Paolo Banchero has been playing incredible, but there's a bug going around the team right now. I don't know who all it's impacting. I know Paolo looked like he was gassed from the tip-off last night. So I think it was just one of those games that you just you take it. You throw it away, from a fantasy perspective, betting, real life NBA. I don't think you really learn anything about the Magic. This is a beat up team right now. Half their roster, including Franz Wagner, is out. So so what can you really look at and say, okay. Well, when I have these grand takeaways about them and where they're at, the bottom fell out. They need to get healthy. They got a couple days off. To me, and this is, this is the what I love the most about working these games is, you know, I know the magic well because, you know, they're always there, but it's I get a I get a good up close and personal view of the opponents. And in some of these teams, I feel like I learned so much more when I'm at the arena than when I'm watching on TV. The Minnesota Timberwolves are so for real, and it I think it all starts with Karl Anthony Towns. I'm seeing a level of aggressiveness and assertiveness, almost acting like a bully on the court that I'd never seen from him. This is a guy who's always had skill, His ability to shoot the 3 at his size to handle the ball, he's got size. So, yeah, he's always been a great rebounder. And and fantasy managers like yourself have known about Karl Anthony Towns and appreciated him for a long time, but I would never say that Cat was playing winning basketball. And and I think it always capped the upside of Minnesota. I think something has clicked. Something has changed. They didn't even need Anthony Edwards last night. If you look at the stat line, it looks like he got hurt. He just stood there. He dealt with a little bit of foul trouble, but it was all Karl Anthony Towns. Rudy Gobert is a menace, and, I'm definitely a t wolves buyer in terms of playoff success. Yeah. Anthony Edwards had, I would say, pretty inarguably his worst game of the year. Right? I mean, 6 points, 7 shots, 5 turnovers in 26 minutes. Just didn't really beat him. Like you said, I mean, Minnesota led by 17 at the end of the Q1. They pushed that lead to 30 at the half, and it was pretty much sewn up at that point. Karl Anthony Towns went over his points prop by halftime. I think it was 21 and a half last night. He finished with 28. Yeah. So Goga Bitazze is one of them. Goga Bitazze was sick going into last night's game. I didn't even realize that until after they had tipped off, but he wasn't feeling well. And then you had Moe Wagner is a good offensive piece. Well, that's good. Not a great defender, and and Wendell Carter Junior's out. So you have a sick you have a sick defensive center and and an offensive backup. So it wasn't a great recipe for stopping those 2 twin towers. This was kind of a throwback, rotation for the Magic. This this feels like 2 or 3 years ago where you got Chubo Kiki starting, like, 27 minutes going 1 of 10 from the field as Chubo Kiki does. Yeah. Yeah. I almost felt bad for Becquero and Suggs. I mean, Betante, I actually love what he's been giving them. But like you said, he wasn't a 100% last night. He got foul trouble early. Only played 17 minutes. I mean, Caleb Houston started alongside Suggs in the backcourt. He goes 3 of 12. You you're not gonna win a ton of games when he got 2 starters combining for 4 of 22 shooting. And then, you know, right now, their bench unit is just it's rough. I mean, you got Trell and Queen. You got Anthony Black playing way more minutes than he probably should. You know? Cole Anthony played last night, got hurt, like, 7 minutes in, didn't come back, tweaked the thigh injury. You know, Wagner and and Baixeiro, I thought, were kind of the only 2 positives. So I explained outright last night. What about Markelle Fultz? You know, we we spent a lot of time on this podcast trying to speculate and and look into, you know, the the crystal ball as to, you know, when he could come back. Yeah. He's he's been back now for 2 games. He's played 15 and 13 minutes respectively off the bench. What have you seen from him? There's just no confidence in his shot, and I mean that from anywhere on the floor. It doesn't seem like he's confident that when he releases, the ball's gonna go in. And I think we saw him start to come around last year. A lot of that was due to time and repetition, and and it took a while for him to get to a point where, you know, he found his spot on the court, that elbow jumper that that he had started to it it started to come around. His shot started to look a little bit more like what we saw at u dub, but I'm I'm watching this guy in warm ups, and it looks broken. And then you see it Wait. Mark, your full shot looks broken? What? Mark yep. I know. No way. Mark Elf, write that one down. Put that up as a headline on RotoWire. But it felt like he was starting to get over that a little bit last year, and this injury has just every, every bad habit that he has in terms of the shot motion and shot selection. It just seems like all of that has come roaring back. So he is tough to trust right now for the magic. Definitely not somebody that you can rely on in fantasy. And I just don't I don't know when it changes. And you're coming up to a deadline where Yep. The Magic have some decisions to make here. And Markelle Fultz, between his inability to confidently shoot the basketball, even around the rim, and his injury history would not be shocked at all to see him become, somebody else's project moving forward. Yeah. Fultz, I don't even think he's a hold right now in in most Fantasy Leagues. You know, I I I wrote an article for the site that went up yesterday and will be up on Yahoo today as well, kind of looking at some, you know, somewhat high owned players who could be dropped. You know, we're not talking like somebody who's 2% owned. Like, yeah, you can you can cut bait on Adokiki. But it's, you know, guys hovering around 50% roster rate, and I was pretty surprised. Wendell Carter is still rostered at 48% of Yahoo Leagues, at least as of yesterday afternoon. I'm I'm done with him. I'm I'm cutting him pretty much everywhere. I know he's, you know, he's kinda dealing with a a new injury now. He's missed 3 games in a row. Even if he's back, I mean, every game that he's played in, he just he's not he's not had, like, a single, like, woah. Okay. Wendell Carter. He's back type of performance. Like, even when he when he when he stayed healthy for a stretch of games and started, I think I think both Batadze and Wagner have been better than him this year. I completely agree because Batadze brings it on the defensive end in a way that Wendell Carter Junior doesn't. And last night, you know, notwithstanding that was a bad performance from Goga, but we why he was sick and, clearly less than a 100%. And Moe Wagner is such a spark plug for of that's that second unit is really, really anchored by Cole Anthony and Moe Wagner in their in their production. You look at bench, If you if you look this up on nba.com, their bench points as a unit, they're 4th best in the NBA. That's Moe Wagner and Cole Anthony that are helping that stat stay, afloat the way that it has. So I don't know where Wendell Carter Junior fits in to to that equation. When you you factor all that in and the fact that he's not playing. I'm completely with you. I think in the fantasy circles, he's living off of reputation a little bit, but this is a completely different circumstance we're living in right now. Yeah. Yeah. I was looking back at at that draft class 2018. I mean, that was a long time ago, obviously. And, you know, the the top of that draft looks pretty decent. You know, obviously, Luca and Trae Young and Jaren Jackson ended up being better than the top two picks, Ayton and Bagley. But I I don't I don't think you look back and say that was, you know, one of those, like, oh, man. What could have been type of picks? I mean, the guys that went directly after Wendell Carter were Collin Sexton and Kevin Knox. And, you know, later on, you got McCall Bridges at 10, SGA at 11, Miles Bridges at 12. Oh, jeez. That would've been at 14. It's like, yeah, those would've been nice, but I don't I don't really recall anybody clamoring for SGA or or Bridges to go 7 in that draft. No. I, I mean, it's hard to remember exactly where we were at, in terms of that Boba draft. Like, obviously, Wendell Carter was drafted by Chicago. But, again, it feels like, you know, I don't I think Orlando made the right pick at the time. Like, I one of my bigger misses over the last few years is I was I was a big Boba guy. I thought that was gonna work out. I thought I thought he was the type of player who is going to like, because he never looked great at Texas. I was like, no. He's the type of guy that's gonna succeed in an NBA system, and it it's just it just hasn't happened. Well, it's all you know, it's it's, it's it's work ethic and the the want and desire, these things that you can't test at a combine. That's what's held Mo Bamba back. It's not size. He can shoot the 3. You know, he can do a lot of the things as a 7 footer that you want on your NBA roster. And if that's sitting there at 6, you know, you'd do it all over again. Sometimes it works out. Sometimes it doesn't. Well, that that's also the in the midst of the Orlando, like, length raid drafting Oh my god. Style whenever you're just like alright. Whoever's got the longest wingspan, we're taking that guy. It doesn't seem to matter. I'm not sure they're they're over that just yet. Yeah. Right. Seeing some good questions in the chat. Keep stacking those up. We will hit those, in about 5 or 10 minutes. Just gonna talk about a few more takeaways from Tuesday nights. Maybe look ahead at some of the games on our big Wednesday night slate. Got some fun ones. Wolves, Celtics, that'll be a big one. Spurs Spurs Pistons, you know, kinda battle the bottom feeders. Interested to see, you know, how much we see of Wameyama tonight. Then Heat Thunder, will will be a really fun one as well. I mean, Brandon, I I I was thinking about that Heat Thunder game, and, you know, we won't have Jimmy Butler. So, you know, some of the luster maybe is wearing off that one. But Heat Thunder for a while, you know, if you rewind, like, 10 years, that was that was, like, a premier match. Obviously, those teams met the NBA finals, and that that got me thinking, what what was would you say was your absolute peak of, like, NBA fandom? Maybe it's right now, because you cover a team. And and, obviously, I it's not like I've slowed down over the last 10 years, but I I would say around, like, when I was, like, a sophomore, junior in college, that's when I was, like, the most absolute locked in. It was like, I I'm planning my entire schedule to watch a Heat Thunder regular season game. One that I'm in right now is I'll call it the post COVID era. The love that I have and and part of course, part of it is that I I work with an NBA team, and I'm I'm at these games, but it was the bubble. Having basketball on in this the heat of the summer when everything is shut down, I the the level of love I felt for the that I have felt for the NBA from that point on has exceeded anything that predates it in my life. So that's like its own era from the bubble till now. Prior to that, I would say that, the those grindhouse Pistons teams and the end of the LA Lakers run, that's a pretty hot era for me. And then when I was a kid, it was all about Michael Jordan. So it was like the he was the only thing that mattered, but I was obsessed with watching Bulls basketball like every kid in the nineties. So those are my those are my 3 hottest eras would be, that I think if I were to track it. Yeah. I I would say, like, the the LeBron Heat era was when I was, like, the most locked in. I think it just kinda you know, I had a lot of free time in college. I I could just kinda sit back and and watch games whenever I wanted. Like, the the the Miami Heat winning streak, that was a big one. Like, that was a I remember where I was, ironically, at Panama City Beach at a seafood restaurant where people ended up getting sick afterward, when they when they snapped the streak losing to the Bulls. Other than that, for me, I I kind of went through, like, a dark period from, like, 06 to 2010. Like, in high school, I was I was way more of a college basketball guy. At that point, I was, like, obsessed with Pittsburgh basketball for some reason despite living in Green Bay. Like, that was that was my squad. And, you know, prior to that though, I I you know, you're Orlando Magic. I was the biggest Tracy McGrady fan on the entire planet. I I had one birthday where I got 4 Tracy McGrady jerseys. That was too many. Seemed cool at the time, turned out to be too many. And a story long time listeners of the spot have probably heard this. I've told this before. I my birthday is in late July. So, you know, back in the days of, you know, you'd bring, like, treats in on your birthday, I never got to do that. And it was you know, when you're in, like, 4th or 5th grade, that's a big deal. You want to do that. Obviously, now that would be like, no. I don't want to. My mom, one time, brought in brought in a cake for Tracy McGrady's birthday, rather than my birthday because I was not able to celebrate mine during the school year. Well, I mean, that that is you talk about peak level of fandom right there. He was at the arena the other day. I should've, I should've let him know. God. I I love T Mac so much. It was it was a problem. I, I'll I'll give you a quick T Mac story. I I would I emceed a celebrity basketball game. The the last time the the Pro Bowl is gonna be in Orlando this year. It it took a break. The last time it was in Orlando, I emceed a celebrity basketball game where it was mostly NF former NFL players, Keenan Allen played in it. He was the only current NFL player, and Tracy McGrady was the only former NBA player that took part in the game. So I'm on the court with McGrady. He was the nicest guy in the world. Oh, wow. And, of course, I mean, this is a couple years ago. He's still well retired at this point. You talk about schooling every it was like he was on a different planet from everybody else, and these are high level athletes that he was playing with. But it just goes to show NBA skill, even when it's older, is on a different level than anything we can even comprehend, and he's still good. Yeah, man. He he's got a kid who's coming up too, who's gonna be, I think, a pretty decent high school recruit. So maybe I'll have to to hitch my wagon there. I I think if I I've been around Tracy McGrady at league events. I've never talked to him. I would be that's, like, the most starstruck. Him and Ron Dane are are the 2 guys for me. Like, I've I've and I bet I've met Ron Dane many times. He's he's he's very available in Madison. I'll tell you that. He's just kinda wandering around town. If if I ever met team back, man, I don't I don't know what I would say. I've, like, I've I've been around LeBron. Like, I've, you know, I've been to a few all star games and you you go to the media scrums and it's like, oh, there's there's LeBron James. Like, I should be probably a little more starstruck. No. T Mac would be, like, 3 levels up from that. Alright. I wanna talk I wanna talk grizzlies real quickly, and then we'll get to the questions in the chat. You know, one of these actually just came in, and this is exactly what I wanted to discuss. Good question for James. Now that Jah is out for the rest of the season, is it time to trade away Jared Jackson? And if so, who should I target? I am going through this exact same debate in the Road to Wire Stake League. I'm I'm making a little bit of a charge. You know, I was I was sitting down near the bottom of the standings. Spent a good couple of weeks. I'm moving into, you know, potential eater territory. This is a league where you just want to finish in the top half. You do not want to be in the bottom half. And, you know, Jaren Jackson's been good. Obviously, he did not play last night. Doesn't seem like a major injury. They're calling it just a bruised knee. They got a few days off now. They play it back to back Friday Saturday. My my answer to this question would be, I wanna hold Jaren Jackson for a bit because, you know, we we we saw some pretty explosive performances. Like, I I do think the the offensive ceiling now for Jaren Jackson's a little bit higher. I also think the efficiency could go down. You know, the the case we made early in the season was you kinda need Ja Morant to be the player that he could be. Like, you don't really want Jared Jackson being your code number one option. He's just not an efficient scorer. That's not really where his game is at right now. So I would I would try to ride this out for a few more weeks. But, eventually, I I think I'm gonna wanna trade Jared Jackson because I think the grizzlies have no choice but to kinda just view this as a lost season. Like, they're not gonna be a buyer at the deadline. And, you know, as much as I love Triple j and and Desmond Bane and Marcus Smart, those guys aren't aren't gonna pull you into the postseason in a super competitive west. So I I worry that the grizzlies could be this year's version of the Jazz last year where you got, you know, you got a great, like, 65 games out of Laurie Markkanen, and then at the end of the year, you know, you got shutdowns and things like that. So I I think, you know, hold Jaren Jackson maybe for another month, and then at that point, try to offload. But if if you wanna do that sooner, totally understandable. I I think, you know, first of all, where do you come in on on Triple j? And then we could talk about, you know, some some potential trade targets. Yeah. I I think now would be the time. The only thing that makes me nervous about sending that trade offer today is that he's not available, and I I wonder if an injury would drive down his trade value. But I like the mindset that James has here because I'm not sure a lot of people in your league are gonna be thinking along those lines. That was a big topic. Jaren Jackson junior Q1 of the season was really disappointing, and it was the lack of a 2 man game that Ja Morant possesses. The, the stress that that he causes to a defense opens things up for Jaren Jackson junior. He's a completely different player, is j j j when Ja Morant isn't out there. So I think it would be a good time as long as the the injury doesn't drive down that trade value too much. I would look at guys just look at overall scoring. Look at the current rankings as they stand right now, and maybe go, like, 5 spots lower than where Jackson is and see if you can get a straight up deal that way. Yeah. I mean, I you you're not getting I don't think you're getting, like, Jayson Tatum or Anthony Edwards or guys like that who are kinda hovering in, like, the 15 to 20 range. You know, I'm looking over the last month at guys who have provided similar production. I mean, I I think I would start with, like, Davonta Sabonis. And, again, you're probably not getting him. Maybe you have to toss in a sweetener. You know, Kristaps Porzingis, if you're if you're on the high end of him in terms of health, I would not be doing that. No. Damian Lillard for Staphs right now. Yeah. Damian Lillard has not played well of late. I I think you could maybe catch a a frustrated Damian Lillard manager. You know, he did play the other night due to a personal matter. Just hasn't been shooting it well. That could be kind of a my problem for your problem. You know, Laurie Markkanen ranks about the same as Jaren Jackson. I think you might run into the same issues with Markkanen, although the Jazz have played better of late. You know, Alperen Shangoon. What do you think about Cade Cunningham? Injured for injured. I was just gonna say that. I mean yeah. I I I you know, with Cade, obviously, the Pistons have 3 wins, and they could they could be a tag team, but I don't think they need to tag. You know, I don't think I don't think they need to pull Cade Cunningham from the lineup. I mean, he's played almost every game this year, and they have 3 wins. So I'm not Right. I'm not really worried about him as a shutdown. I think that would actually be a pretty good one if you're looking for, you know, kind of a shakeup in terms of, you know, if this is a category lead, what you're targeting. Obviously, you know, it's completely different players. But if you're looking to replace, you know, Jaren Jackson's blocks, that's gonna be pretty tough. You know, you could you could try to get, like, a Walker Kessler or something like that. I but, again, I I don't think you have to trade Jaren Jackson right now, but I I would wanna do it probably before or or slightly after the all star break. Yeah. I I would also say this for for anybody that looks and goes, hey. Well, Memphis is fine. They just won by 17 last night in Dallas, and Kyrie Irving and Luka Doncic played. That is the the analogy I would use, Nick, is the you know, when a, a star is about to go out, a star is about to die, you'll you'll, it usually shines the brightest at that point, and I think that that could be the case here. My computer was just making all sorts of noises. I don't know if you can hear that. Yeah. This is the this is the dying star that shines super bright before it goes out. And it was great that they were able to do that emotional win for Memphis, but I don't think that kind of thing is gonna keep up. No. And, you know, I I I wanted to touch on you know, is there anybody anybody you could target, you know, with with Ja Morant now out for the season? And I there's just not a whole lot there, man. Like, obviously, Smart, Desmond Bane, those guys are rostered everywhere. You know, Luke Kennard, he's not a point guard, but, you know, maybe some more minutes trickle to him. If you need threes, I don't really mind picking him up. I I think, you know, from a minutes perspective, it was Jon Kochar who played 25 last night. But Derrick Rose is also hurt. You know, he's gonna factor into the mix. Like, there's there's not really you know, there's not a TJ McConnell stepping in for Tyrese Haliburton type of player here in Memphis, at least not right now. No. You know, it's good to see Marcus Smart out there, but he's already I'm sure he's already rostered across the board. Yeah. I mean, there there is no replacement for Ja Morant. I think the other guys you're gonna see Desmond Bain's numbers are gonna go back up. That'll be the biggest increase. And if you have Marcus Smart, maybe as a bench player, throw him into your starting lineup. Yeah. But I don't think we're gonna see, you know, I don't think we're gonna see a lot of movement in terms of the other guys. And and I do worry that Memphis could go into tank mode, and this could look very different in Memphis within the next couple of weeks. I do think it's good for Desmond Bane. I don't worry about him as much as I do Jared Jackson. I it's just gonna be higher volume for Bane, and that's a good thing. I mean, he took 27 shots last night. I don't think that's going to be a unique experience going forward. So if there if there is a, you know, kind of shorter term beneficiary, it's probably Bain. Let's get to some of the live viewer questions, and we start with Ian. He says thoughts on Josh Hart. Thinking about grabbing him in a 9 cat 16 team league, and we're looking rest of season value. I I'm always a Josh Hart guy. I feel like I I roster him every year on a bunch of teams. I mean, it's it's really the rebounding. Right? I mean, kinda the the out of position rebounding. He's shooting guard eligible in some leagues. You know, normally listed as a small forward. The rebounding's been better of late. You know, he went through a pretty rough stretch through the the early middle portion of the season, but last 10 games, he's up closer to 8 rebounds per game. You know, the scoring has been relatively down this season. 3 point shooting has completely fallen off a cliff. He's not giving you a whole lot on defense. So I I do think in a 16 team league, I don't mind rostering him. I mean, it's good team, good situation. Should should be playing 25 to 30 minutes, but he's probably a a 4 game starter only. Yeah. He, you know, he's gonna give you those middle of the road performances with he gets hot. He'll have a spike for a couple of games, but, Josh Hart is just kinda is what he is. But you're a Josh Hart guy. Tom Thibodeaux is a Josh Hart guy, so he's not going anywhere. Shoots at a decent clip right now or I mean, his 3 point shooting could really use an improvement, but, you know, you're you're you're getting the rebounds. You're getting occasional spurts where, where he's a contributor in the scoring department, but, Josh Hart is not going anywhere. He's one of the more steady players in fantasy. Don Sicario says, morning all. Raptors screw job. I assume he's referring to the RJ Barrett moving screen call last night that that took a what would have been go ahead 3 pointer off the board. Raptors end up losing 132, 131. Did you see the 4th quarter numbers, the 4th quarter disparity of free throws? That's what the lakers do, man. They're they're always gonna stop the league. They shot 23 4th quarter free throws. The Raptors shot 2 more than you and I did. Hey. It was 35 to 13. Excuse me. 36 to 13 in terms of total attempts for the night. Crazy. Yeah. Crazy. That was if you have not if you've not watched, is it Rayakovich, I think is how you pronounce his last name, the head coach of the Toronto Raptors. If you have not watched his rant yet, when you're done listening to us, do yourself a favor. Yeah. Both both Quickley and Scottie Barnes ended up following out late. I mean, Anthony Davis, pretty much by himself. You know? He he had more free throws than the entire Raptors team. He went 13 of 14. Huge night for AD. Don does follow-up with a good question here. Should he trade Bacall Bridges for Pascal Siakam in a 9 category league? Man, everything's, everything's coming up Raptors these days. I yeah. Miguel Bridges is not, you know, he's not taking that that real strong leap that, that it looked like he was going to early in the season or or, late last year. I think I'd rather have Pascal Siakam at this point. I would rather have Siakam right now. I I think the question is, you know, is Pascal Siakam on a different team in a month? And does that help or hurt him? Well, I, it's I mean, it's impossible to tell, and I I just can't make trades right now based on who is and is not gonna be dealt because we just don't know. So, I would just I would just eliminate that from I mean, you can think about it, but I would eliminate that from your decision making process. If you like Pascal Siakam better, a team that trades for him is probably gonna put him in a similar situation that he's in right now. He's a specific type of player in terms of what he does, and and I don't see that changing. But you're more comfortable with the the no or what you do know, and what he is in Toronto is, certainly a fantasy viable asset. I I like what I've seen as of late. I think the Raptors are playing a little bit better. I love the way they looked last night and, scoring into the 1 thirties. Gotta love that for fantasy purposes. Yeah. I I think you're you're right to probably simplify this. I to be honest, I didn't realize how how poor Bridges has been. You know, I'm looking at the last 30 days. He ranks outside the top 1 60 in the category leagues, which the efficiency is a big part of it. Like, you know, the the raw scoring numbers look okay. He had 42 the other night, against Portland. But even with that, I mean, he's shooting 39% from the field over his last 15 games. You know, 3 point shooting has been way down. Like, the free throw shooting has been in the low eighties for a guy who's typically better than that. And, you know, perhaps biggest of all, he's averaging 0.9 steals plus blocks over the last 15 games. So if if you're not getting, you know, your your one and a half steals and your 0.8 blocks or whatever it is from McCall Bridges, that's that's a big part of the reason that he was being pushed into the top 20 in a lot of drafts. So yeah. Right now, I mean, Pascal Siakam has been a vastly better Fantasy player. So if you take the trade deadline concerns out a bit and even if he goes somewhere else, it's like it's not like he's just gonna be, you know, 13 points a game guy. Like, he's he's gonna be a major player if he if he ends up, you know, being shipped out of Toronto. So, if you if you're on the receiving end of Siakam, Don, I would do this deal. Kim Ron says, hey, guys. Rozier is on fire. Who can I target? Good question. Because LaMelo Ball could be back as soon as Friday. If it's not Friday, you know, should be in the next few games. And, you know, Terry Rozier could still be plenty effective, especially with Gordon Hayward currently on the shelf and likely to get injured again. But, you know, we're it's he's kind of that in that Desmond Bane situation, right, where it's like, alright. Without Lavelo, go crazy. You're the number one guy. When Lavelo comes back, you're still a big factor, but we we have to lower your ceiling a little bit. So I I think now is the time to try to cut bait on Terry Rozier. He has been a top 15 player over the last month. Now Oh. You're not you're not getting top 15 value for Rozier because if people are paying attention, you know, they'll know that LaMelo's coming back. But, you know, in terms of who you could target, does anybody come to mind? You know, I I think he obviously, you know, you you try to aim high. You know, Fred Van Vliet, DeMar DeRozan, you know, maybe Jaren Jackson. You know, we're talking about somebody who could lose some value. You you could try to to to get someone like a like a Brunson or a Martin in or, you know, even I I don't know. If you if you're looking for more stability, this is probably pretty underwhelming, but, like, I don't know. CJ McCollum, anybody else come to mind for you? I like the way the Spurs have been playing as of late. And, and if you're able to get this done in the next couple of hours, I'm thinking he's gonna put together a pretty good stat line tonight. I like Keldon Johnson. I think maybe that could be a name that you target. I know a Keldin Johnson fantasy manager is gonna be, pretty frustrated with the up and down that that you're getting from him and just the San Antonio Spurs in general. But, if you've been watching their games, they have been much more, predictable in terms of their performance, and I think he's a big part of that. Certainly, somebody that handles The Rock a ton. So I I think a player like that is realistic, and, it would improve your fantasy roster in the long term. I think it I would go Devin Vassell if I'm looking at a spur. And it depends what kinda league you're in. Like, you know, Kelton Johnson and a points league, I I think makes a lot of sense. There there are some downfalls in the category league, but I think if if you're looking for a one for one type of deal, Vassell would be the guy in San Antonio for me. Paul says, trade question. Austin Reeves or Shaden Sharp, who would you rather have? I'd take Reeves. Yeah. As a, shade on sharp preseason truther, I can't say that it is paying huge dividends for me, but he's he's been good. I just overdrafted him. But right now, I like the way that Austin Reeves has been playing as of late. I I, I tend to agree, and I love the I love the passing stats that you get with Reeves as well if you're if you're in that category format. George says, what's up, Brandon and Nick? Just joined. Happy New Year to you both. Happy New Year to you as well, George. Appreciate the support and for watching along. Alright. We'll zoom through the rest of these. We got about, you know, 5, 10 more minutes. CowChat says, I have been a big truther of both McDaniels for many years, but this year just hasn't worked out. But is Jalen McDaniels a viable stash with all the smoke around Pascal Siakam? Interesting question. Maybe. Yeah. I'd again, I I don't really know how to project forward who's gonna get dealt. There I think there are there are some guys where it is blatantly obvious. I'm not sure that Pascal Siakam is one of them. They, they already made a big move in trading OG and Inoue, and and that that might be it, in terms of what they wanna do to revamp this roster. Trading away all star level players is not usually a winning formula. And I know the Raptors have been aggressive one time in their existence, but I don't think that's necessarily who they are. So, no, I I'm I'm not buying into that. I will say if you're in a deeper league and you have, like, a stash spot, it's not the worst idea to to grab him before the trade deadline just in case. You know, you have to go back to last season when Jalen McDaniels played, like, real minutes. But in the 30 games in which he played the most minutes, he averaged 40.6 boards, 2 assists, 1.6 steals, shot about 49% from the field. That was a 30 game sample where we averaged about 31 minutes. So I I think there is a viability there, but, obviously, you need Tiago to be traded. Alright. Michael says, Jay and I be Marcus Smart or Trey Jones, pick 1 who needs to go in a 10 team 9 cat league. So we're looking for a drop here. Well, I think Marcus Smart, we saw it last night without, without Ja Morant, and he's and then that was part of the struggles that Memphis had early in the season. Not only did they not have Ja Morant, Marcus Smart was also not available. So I'm I'm excited about him at least for right now. So I'm definitely holding on him. And Jaden Ivy, I could say the exact same thing, but insert Kate Cunningham into this the discussion who's out at least another 10 days and could be even longer than that. So I think, I think Trey Jones gets the x for me. Yeah. It's it's definitely Jones or Ivy. In a 9 cat league, I think I would maybe lean toward cutting Ivy because of turnovers. You know? I mean, he's gonna turn it over 3, 4 times a game. Trey Jones, he started the last 2. If he continues to start and play 30 minutes, I think he would easily be second behind Smart. For me, it's just a matter of whether or not you trust that. So I will I will assuming Kate Cunningham is back in, like, a week, I would say cut bait on on Jaden Ivy. Alright. Similar question. Keep in order, Smart Jones oh, okay. This is basically the same question, but Smart Jones or Ivy until Kate comes back. Yeah. Same same thing for me. I I like Ivy over Jones as long as Kate is out. But if you're looking long term, I I think I would be comfortable cutting bait with Ivy. We we don't we just don't know what's gonna go on with the Pistons rotation. Paul says, I traded Booker and Anunoby for Giannis. Thoughts? I love it. Good for you. Give me all the Giannis. Yeah. I want I want Giannis. I mean, I obviously, you gotta live with the free throw percentage if you're in a category league, but I I think if you're okay with that and you're you're either doing well and you can offset it or you're just punting that category, I want Giannis. I mean, the bunks have been a disaster of late, but the one thing that's been constant is Giannis being a complete machine every single night. So I'm I'm okay with that. I know I didn't know we just had a good game, but I I still think you're on the right side of that deal. It doesn't seem like he's much of a factor offensively for the Knicks. Not really. But they've gotten better since they traded for him. So, and and they traded for his defense. They're getting that right now, so it's a it's it's definitely a win for the Knicks. What do you guys make of the pseudo time share between Vooch and rebound legend Andre Drummond? Great question. I I will say I I kept Andre Drummond in my weekly lineup in my most important league this week. You know, he's started the last game. I I think at some point, you know, they're gonna put Vooch back in the starting lineup. I don't I don't see why they would continue to bring him off the bench. But, I mean, Drummond only needs, like, 17 minutes to to still be, like, really fantasy viable. Right? I mean, he's got 25 rebounds over the last 2 games. He's only played 23 minutes in each of those. So even if he goes back to, you know, 16, 17, 18 minutes off the bench, like, I I think he's still a hold and, you know, I think they'll try to trade Vucevic at the deadline. I don't know if there's gonna be a taker. He's kind of in a weird situation, you know, age, contract, effectiveness wise. But I I I'm holding drumming. I I'm I'm definitely not, giving up on him until, you know, we see a a market reduction in minutes or we get past the trade deadline and and Vooch is still there. And I don't know. I I we we just have no idea. Like, the Bulls to me are the team that their roster could transform more than just about anybody's after the deadline. And I I I think, you know, if they if they kinda just go and play out the string mode, maybe they toss a bit of Andre Drummond the rest of the way. I mean, I I I think I I like I said, I'm not getting rid of him. I I would I would certainly be holding Drummond. Oh, definitely. I'm think about this. So I'm looking at their numbers right now side by side. Andre Drummond has played 500 less minutes this year than Nick Vucevic Mhmm. And has 5 less rebounds. That's insane. Insane. I mean, and they're they're raw numbers. I mean, their their totals outside of points scored really are not that different. So Andre Drummond has been a far superior fantasy player. And if you're in that category league, you don't have to worry about him tinking your 3 point percentage because he doesn't shoot them. Nick Vucevic, on the other end, does like to shoot the 3. He used to be decent at it. It's dropped off this year shooting 28% from long range. So, yeah, Andre Drummond right now, a, this is like a resurrection of sorts. Alright. We'll go rapid fire through a few more of these. Just traded Vooch and Brandon Miller for McCall Bridges in a 14 team, 12 cap league. Did I make the right move? I need free throws made badly. We just talked about Bridges. You know, he's been in the slump of late, but I think if you really need free throws made, this is probably okay. I mean, Vucevic just doesn't really get to the line at all. That's been the case for a few years. He's like he's at, like, one and a half attempts per game. He's only taken, like, 55 free throws on the year. So, you know, we we're obviously worried about McCall Bridges, but I also think, you know, we we there's reasons to worry about Vooch going forward. Brandon Miller, ultimately, is the rookies, you know, showing some flashes, but I I think he made the right call here specifically if you need the free throws. Yeah. Rookies tend to not get to the line. They don't get that respect from the officials. He's the type of player the way that he plays where he'll get that as his career goes along. You're right about Vooch, and and Bridges is a vet. He knows how to get to the line. About to close a deal on Dame Lillard for Chet Holgren. Should I do it? Ten team points league. I think so. Yeah. I'm fine with that. Yeah. I mean, Dame Dame has not been as bad as you think. You know, obviously, the lately, it's been a disaster, and, you know, I think some of the bad performances really stand out. But on balance, he's still been an elite fantasy player. But if you're in points league, you know, you're not you're not necessarily getting the free throw percentage boost, and that's something that's massive with Lillard because he's taking a bunch of free throws. He's hitting him at, like, 90%. But, yeah, in a points league, I don't really mind chasing after Chet Holmgren here. I mean, I think the big concern with Chet was, can he stay healthy? And he's answered that as affirmatively as possible so far. So I I think that's actually a pretty fair deal. Alright. How concerned are we about Ja Morant's 24, 25 value? He's already more of a points lead guy, and this is the kind of injury that can mess with your shot and take time to get back into rhythm once you return. Fair question. I mean, Ja has missed a ton of time over the last few years. He's always been a much better real life player than fantasy player. I think there has been a disconnect there. You know, like like Chad points out, he's a better point sleeve guy. I wouldn't say I'm super worried about, like, his shot breaking down. I mean, he's he's kind of a shaky 3 point shooter as it is. It's to me, it's just more the accumulation of multiple injuries. Yeah. Ja Morin is such an electrifying player, and and knows how to get to the basket. I don't worry as much about the shot because he can find other ways to score. And, I mean, we saw. He was to all that time. He came back. He was back to his old self in game 1. So I really don't worry about that in terms of him coming back. It's just, you know, it's frustrating, and, yeah, shoulder injury could mess with him a little bit. But I would say my level of, my level of concern would be mild. It's just frustrating that it's even happening. Alright. We'll do 2 more, and then we gotta get out of here. This should be a quick one. Bane for LaMelo. Should he do it? Like, I'd rather have Bane. I I just like, LaMelo is the better player. He's the better fantasy player. I we we went down this road last year. He came back, got hurt again. You know, Hornets are are going nowhere right now. Man, we're doing because I would much rather have LaMelo Ball, but I don't trust his health. Right. Yeah. It's it's super tough. I mean, obviously, LaMelo is a better player. Nobody's debating that, but it's just do you trust him to be healthy? And I I don't really know if I do. So to me, it's like, where are you in the standings? If you're 8th right now, then, yeah, trade for LaMelo. Shoot for the upside. If you're 2nd in your league, I think I would take the safety of Desmond Bane. Alright. Let's try to pick out a good one here. I think it's very, very much dependent on what your record looks like. Skeeter Ashton, I pick up Fultz from waivers. Talked about him earlier. I would say no right now. Gotta see him actually play real minutes. He hasn't looked good in the first two games since coming back. I would I would leave him alone for now. Alright. We'll end on this one. Hey, guys. For a 9 cat 12 team head to head league, would you trade Steph Curry and OG and Inoue to get SGA? Yeah. I think I would. I mean, hard hard to hard to ship off a guy like Steph Curry. I think OG and Inobi is the perfect complimentary trade piece. We already saw a solid trade come through where he was a part of that. So it seems like, you know, for anybody else that's listening, if you have OG and Inobi, clearly, there's a market for him plus a superstar to improve your superstar status, and I think that's exactly what you're doing here. SGA is gonna he'll be in the conversation for MVP at the end of the year. SGA over the last 30 days is shooting 56% from the field. That's insane. Curry's at 41% in that span. So, yeah, you're never gonna feel good about trading Curry. There's gonna be nights where he hits 7 threes, and you're like, what was I doing? But, no. I I want the SGA side of this, and you have to pay up to get up. Like, it's you can't do Curry straight up for SGA, which says, you know, a lot about how great SGA has been this season. So, yeah, I would I would do that deal. I mean, I think, like you said, OGA and Novi is kind of the perfect swing piece and, you know, you're selling high. You just played really well at his best game as a Knick the other night. But in general, I think there's gonna be a lot of ups and downs. The defensive stats have kinda fallen off this season for OG. So, knowing what you gotta do to get a player, like SGA this season, I I I think I'm fine with that. Alright, guys. Wanna thank you for all the great questions. Wish we could get to more of them. We will hit more of those, certainly next week. Brandon and I do this this show every single Monday at or Monday? Wednesday at 10:30 AM EST. You can always find us on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball YouTube channel. You can find us on Twitter. You can find the audio version archived on Spotify and Apple Podcasts as well. We do these streams 5 days a week. So if you didn't get your question answered today, we apologize. But jump back in tomorrow. We'll have doctor Ray, Steve Alexander, and Rick Kamla coming at you, on Fridays. Our guy, Alex Barutha, hops on with Ken Crites and Shannon McKeown. They take questions. They talk waiver wire going into the weekend. I host on Mondays with Alex. We take listener questions there as well. So, appreciate all the support. Please go like, subscribe to our channel, Rotowire Fantasy Basketball. That helps us out a ton. You can leave comments there. If you didn't get your question answered, throw it in the comments. We'll jump in there, and give you an answer on YouTube. So thank you as always for listening along, Brandon. Always good to chat with you, and I'll see you on SXM later tonight. Good luck out there tonight.