Welcome to a Wednesday edition of the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball Pod. Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz. We're back on the normal schedule, Brandon. Neither of us are sick for the first time in, like, a month. Yes. We've got the holidays behind us, thankfully, And we are presented by our good friends at Underdog. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA basketball and DFS player pickup contest. If you have not tried Underdog yet, new users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to Rota Wire, just use the promo code rwnba. That's r w n b a. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today and use that promo code r w m b a to claim your free Rota Wire subscription and deposit bonus. As you know, Brandon, I've been all over Underdog. I know you have, you got some options down in Florida. In Wisconsin, you know, sports betting is not legal here. So that's where a site like Underdog comes into play. I made the mistake of throwing in, like, 3 entries, this past Friday night and then going on a dinner date with my wife and her on the way there saying, wouldn't it be fun if we just put our phones away? And neither of us had our phone out. I was like, I can't really say no to that. But what you don't know is that I I I have 3 underdog entries that I've I'm just not gonna check these for the next 3 hours. Like, what are we gonna do? Turned out, I I I adhered to that. You know, made a couple trips to the bathroom. You know, made to make sure I brought the phone just to do a quick little check-in. We won 2 out of the 3. Alright? So we're we're loving playing an underdog and, you know, especially, like, during the week I like, during the weekend, I'm a little bit more relaxed on it. But Tuesday nights, Wednesday nights, like, what else do I have going on? I'm gonna toss in some underdog entries. And I will say last night, I was on the, the more on 24 and a half points for Zion Williamson. Did not see the Pelicans being up 25 points the entire night on the Nets since Zion barely played. Yeah. Leading score for the Pelicans, scored 16 points. So that, was sort of an oddity. Usually, you don't see a winning team with a leading score of 16, but you made a smart move. You gotta keep the spouse happy. And if she suggests that I think anytime anybody suggests that in a non work situation, you ought to take them up on it. We're all on our phones so much. And if we're honest, you know, once you once you set those picks on underdog, I mean, I don't know why it works this way, but you're much more likely to hit if you're not stat watching. You know? I when I whenever I stare at the screen is when guys just completely forget how to shoot the basketball. Well, I was on the under for Joel Embiid last night, so that felt that felt pretty good, even though he had a triple double. Yeah. He I know you're you are right. We'd love to investigate the science behind that at some point. I don't get it. I I was on a I think it was points, rebounds, assists on Jaren Jackson a couple of nights ago, and I I turned the game on while I was on the radio. He he literally went the entire Q3 without recording a single stat. Point rebound or assist. He played the whole quarter and didn't do it. I'm like, I I just have a hard time believing that would have been the case if I was not watching the game. But, anyway, we will talk about some of our potential underdog leans for tonight, maybe later in the show. We got 12 games on the NBA slate on Wednesday. So we're finally back to kind of a normal NBA schedule. Things were really weird during the 1st month with the play in tournament, but, you know, we got our big Mondays, big Wednesdays, big Fridays, and then Tuesdays Thursdays tend to be those lighter slates. If you're watching along live, get those questions in the chat. We will hit those over the second half of the pod. We'll be going for about 45 minutes. So if you start stacking those questions up, we'll go rapid fire through those as we move along. Brandon, we have not really had an opportunity to discuss the OG and Anobi, Immanuel Quickley, RJ Barrett deal that went down over the weekend. No episode on Monday with the holiday. I know Steve and and Ken talked about it yesterday, but, really fascinating trade in a lot of ways. Like, normally, when a trade like that comes down, immediately, you're you're talking about, alright, who won, who lost? And I don't really have too strong of feelings about it. We could talk about some of the fantasy ramifications. To me, it doesn't this trade doesn't really change the calculus for either team. You know, it it I I wonder what Toronto's going to do next perhaps. For the Knicks, it's like, yeah, you get a nice asset in OGN and OB. I I don't think this vaults you into, you know, Milwaukee, Philly, Boston territory right now in terms of immediate title contention. But it was the rare deal where I I think most reactions I saw were, okay, both teams kinda won or it's a net neutral for both. Like, I usually, you get, you know, an overreaction one way or the other where one team is is accused of fleecing the other. I I feel like that did happen. I thought Toronto made out like bandits in this deal getting a 6th man of the year candidate in Emmanuel Quickley who's 2 years younger than, OG and Inobie. So you have a little more youth to deal with there. RJ Barrett in Canada, feels like a perfect fit, and he's already gotten off to a pretty good start. And keep in mind that that pick, usually, we scoff at 2nd round picks. But that 2nd round pick came from Detroit, which means it's basically gonna be like a a fringe first round pick. So even that's pretty good. You get 3 good solid pieces, and I love the quickly, portion of this deal more than anything else. It puts it over the top. Poor guy that's on an expiring contract, and I think he's gonna extend with the Knicks, but you're not just trading for OG and Inobie. You're trading for a guy that you also have to now give an extension to. And is he really like you just said, is he really changing the game that much? Are they that much better because they added OG and An Obi? I, I I think, hey. If it works and and OG, it plays the best version of basketball for himself and it clicks with the Knicks and all of that, then great. But they definitely paid a premium to bring him in for a guy that's been on the trade block for a year. Right. And I've always been of the belief that and it'll be a little overrated, and it's like you can't say that too loud because there's always going to be people that are like, hey. No. He's not. You don't understand his value. And it's like, alright. Well, we're going on, like, year 4 of this now. Like, alright. Is he gonna take that next step forward? You know? And it just kinda feels like he's been mostly the same guy. You know? He's become a a more consistent shooter, I suppose, since early in his career. But really, it felt like he made his biggest leaps, you know, between, like, year 1, year 2, year 2, year 3. And since then, you know, he's been a very, very good role player, but I I don't think he profiles to me as anything more than that. You know, it's like, can can he ever really be a go to scoring option? Maybe the Knicks don't really need him to do that, but I don't think their roster is loaded enough on top that swapping out Barrett and Quickley for Anenobi really changes anything. I don't I don't think they win more or fewer games. You know? I think it's just kind of a a net neutral. You know, the fantasy side of things, I don't think a whole lot changes for Anenobi either. Obviously, you know, we have a very small sample at this point. He's played one game. Looked pretty good. 17 points, 6 rebounds, 2 steals, 7 of 12 from the field, 3 of 6 from 3. Again, I I think he's the type of player that could slot in just about anywhere. Not somebody that you you're ever probably going to ask to be like, hey. Go be our number 1 option, number 2 option. Certainly, that won't be the case in New York. The Toronto side of this to me is is a lot more fascinating because, you know, they're bringing in 2 key players here. You already have, you know, a a bunch of guys who've been fantasy relevant on this roster. So not only are we talking about, okay, how does Emmanuel quickly how does RJ Barrett fit in, but, you know, what does it mean in terms of down the line for for someone like Dennis Schroder's all of a sudden coming off the bench? Yeah. And I I I and that's where maybe it works out for the Knicks, and they needed somebody else that they could rely on. They lacked that, that other punch. They needed to do something to put this team over the top. Felt like a move of desperation more than anything else, but, but it's still it could possibly work out. You talk about a guy that's a an elite perimeter defender that can knock down threes at a pretty efficient clip. He shot 50% from 3 point range in his first game with the Knicks. And by the way, speaking of underdog plays, over 14 and a half points tonight, I like it. The Bulls are on the 2nd night of a back to back, some tired legs there, and I think they wanna continue to feed OG and and Obi to get him comfortable with that Knicks offense. So I I I like that. What about this, conspiracy theory that's out there? Have you seen this with, with the OG and and Obi trade? That there's a It's like dating back to, like, the court case between these two teams? Is this what we're alluding to? So this is relating to the, the powerful agency known as CAA, which I I guess is an agency that reps players. Leon Rose was the president of that agency. He's now the president of basketball operations for the Knicks. And since being hired, he has brought in Tom Thibodeau, who's a CAA guy, brought in Jalen Brunson, who's a CAA guy, and guess who is represented also in CAA. Is it OG Anadomi? That is correct. So they are basically just stockpiling the Knicks full of guys that are ripped by this agency. So, it it doesn't take a once you figure that out, doesn't take a rocket scientist to start put the, start putting the pieces together, start connecting the dots. And when I saw that, that that that's what made me soften on it a little bit. I thought that they just trade all of this for OG and Anobi who could leave at the end of the year, but this guy's repped essentially by the guy who runs the Knicks, you know, no longer officially affiliated, but, he's not going anywhere. And and so there there's a there's a connection there. I think that's how all of this came together. I would be very surprised if they don't have a, you know, maybe not a Joe Smith handshake agreement, but, a pretty good indication that that he's going to resign. I don't think you make this deal, just chancing it. You know, I don't think you're renting OG and Anobi and giving up those kind of pieces if you don't think he's coming back. But I wanna go back to the Toronto side of things, fantasy wise. Because, again, to me, I don't think there's a major change in OG's value. You know, I think if you're if you're holding him in a league, you're not you're not panicking because all of a sudden he's on the Knicks. I I think it it is maybe it kinda goes up or down, like, 5% one way or the other. I don't think there is going to be a market change there. I think the player that most people, myself included, are excited to see now is is Emmanuel Quickley because, you know, on a per minute basis, everybody's always loved him. He's been fantastic. For the most part, he was playing 22 to 26 minutes off the bench for the New York Knicks. We saw him start immediately on New Year's Day against Cleveland, played 28 minutes in a narrow victory. Did have 4 fouls, so, you know, maybe could have played a few more minutes. Had that not been the case, 14 points, 6 boards, 3 assists, 2 steals, 2 threes. What is the ultimate upside here? Because I think it's fun to say, oh, man. He could take off. You know, he could be an all star caliber player in Toronto. I've seen a lot of that. Is that realistic? Is that something that could happen, you know, over the second half of this season, or are we looking more long term with Emmanuel Quickley? But what I will say is if if if you're holding him in a league, I would feel much better about his upside rest of season now than I did a week ago. Yeah. And then we're already seeing that Toronto is willing to make deals to better their future, and I would think just based on, the the the player they gave up so that Emmanuel Quickley is the most important part of that trade. They they kinda have it in their mind that they're gonna start building around that sort of player, and they have other pieces. But what this tells me is that they're not done. I wouldn't be surprised if Pascal Siakam was on the move. I would be surprised if it is they moved off of Scottie Barnes, but maybe that is the new core. It's like a Scottie Barnes manual Quickley with Quickley being your primary score. I love it. I think he's got all sorts of potential. I'll go back to this. The guy is still only 24 years old. I think he's just scratching the surface. A 6th man type that I think profiles to be more like, an elite sort of score starting score in in the NBA. A guy that can make a Tyrese Maxey level jump, in terms of what he can bring to the table for a team. Toronto's a great fit for him, and and it seems like they're gonna give him a big a big lane in which to, grow. You brought up the Tyrese backseat, Cobb. And I I think if you're a Raptors fan, that's exactly what you're hoping happens. And if you're a Knicks fan, that's exactly what you're hoping does not happen. The fact that those 2 guys were were teammates in college, you know, they were kind of, in my opinion, like, a slightly less cool version of Monk and Fox. But, I mean, Kentucky's had so many of those cool pairings over the years. It's like I I don't know. I I could totally see that happening. I I think we can't just take it for granted. You know? That was one thing I pushed back on a little bit on Twitter was everybody's like, oh, man. Is it you could be an all star this year. Like, what do you mean? With the all star games in, like, a month. I got No. That's not gonna happen. Next month. What are we talking about? I I don't I'm gonna go on record and say I I don't think a Tyrese Maxey level ascent is realistic. I mean, that is that's one of the the bigger year to year jumps that we've seen in a while. I I'm not saying Emmanuel Quickley doesn't have that ability. I'm just saying I I wouldn't expect that to happen. It doesn't happen very often, but he's in the right spot for it. And and like you said, Siakam has played so well over the last couple of weeks that on the one hand, if you're Toronto, maybe you reconsider whether or not you need to deal him. On the other hand, his value is probably at its highest point this season, and, you know, that's another guy who you're dealing with a contractual issue down the road. And I I I think the Raptors have always been pretty realistic, I think, about where they stand in the NBA, and they're 13 and 20. Exactly. Like, well, you're not going anywhere. Right. You got they have to shake things up. I know. And if you're just buried in the fantasy stuff, you know, you're seeing, man, Siakam's playing really well. Scottie Barnes is having a crazy year. We love this trade. You you kinda don't realize that this team has been out of the playoff mix for a while. Yeah. I mean, they're they're, they're they're, like, 5 games up on the Hornets right now. This is not a good situation. And and it's not like you're dealing with with a a crazy injury situation. This is just kinda what you are. And they've been this version of of this team for the last couple of years, and they're just slowly decaying down the ranks in the Eastern Conference. And the old and the guy that makes the most sense in terms of what you could get for him and, and how much you would change the the makeup of your roster is moving off of a guy, excuse me, like Pascal Siakam. Mhmm. And it just it it makes too much sense. There and this is a team that every once in a while, I start to think, are are they comfortable being stuck in the middle? And I have to remind myself it's the same organization that made the trade for Kawhi Leonard. That was a super aggressive move moving off of a fan favorite, their top score in DeMar DeRozan. They were willing to do that, and then they've just kinda, like, parked it for the last couple of years. I think they wanna get back to that level of aggressiveness, and then, you know, we'll we'll see how it turns out. Let's talk a little bit about the Tuesday night slate, and then we'll get to live viewer questions in a bit. Keep putting those questions in the chat. We will hit all of those, toward the end of the episode. We've got about 45 minutes. So we'll be, on until about 10:15 CST. But, again, keep getting those in the chat, and we will hit those. Boston OKC, one of the most fun games of the year. You know, game that I believe Boston led by led by, like, 2 or 3 at the half, and OKC goes on a big run-in the Q3. They were up as much as 18 at one point, and then Boston comes stormy back, made this a close game, came down to free throws at the end. But while the dust settled, very impressive win for the Oklahoma City thunder, 127, 123. Another huge game for Chet Holmgren. Another huge game for SGA who who just gives you, like, 36 and 6 in his sleep at this point. You know, Tatum played well. Porzingis played well. I mean, this was this was the rare regular season game that that almost had a a playoff feel to it. And, you know, I think we we expect this for Boston. Right? They're they're gonna show up for a game like this, but, a lot of the reaction last night was, okay. You know, we we've always talked about OKC. Do they they have the ammo to make a trade if they want to? The question is, do they need to make a trade? And I would say no. And if anything, they should I think they should try to shore up some of that bench depth rather than, you know, part ways with one of their key pieces because I I wanna see this core continue to grow together. Yeah. I mean, who who are you trying to move off of? Right. I like, I like everything they've got going on in that starting lineup. So, yeah, maybe you make a move to tweak some things in terms of bench guys or bring in, bring in somebody that could be that sort of microwave off the bench, but they don't need to do anything to change their starting lineup. Not only is this a team that's winning right now in the regular season with the makeup that they currently have, I think it translates to winning in the postseason. When you have an elite ball handler that can score at will, that you can put the put the ball in their hands late in games and in tight game situations that sort of final 2 minutes that you look for. You have to have a guy like that. You know, Tatum is that for the Celtics. Shae Gilgeous Alexander is that guy, and he can defend. So this is this is a team that I think is ascending a lot quicker than maybe we thought that they would. But Mhmm. Last night, I don't think it's an overreaction to say that could have been a preview of the NBA finals. I I think it absolutely could be, and, you know, I'm never gonna write off Denver. They're, what, half game behind OKC right now, so it's not like the thunder are are running away with anything. They're a game back at Minnesota and the Western Conference. Like, I but, you know, other than that, do you do you really trust the Clippers? Do you trust teams like the Lakers or the Suns? That's pretty hard to do right now. And then then you kinda get into some of those other younger unproven teams, Minnesota, Sacramento, New Orleans. To me, OKC is the class of that that secondary group. And, you know, historically, you have to take your lumps. You gotta make a run or 2 where you you come up short before you make it to the NBA finals. But it to me, this could be the the unique year where maybe you don't have to do that just because of the relative lack of a juggernaut in the Western Conference. So I'm with you. I I think that absolutely could be a finals preview. I don't think Oklahoma City necessarily needs to do anything, to beef up this roster. But, again, I I think if they could add, you know, if they could add Jordan Clarkson from Utah or even, you know, Kelly Olynyk. I I think getting a backup 5 behind Jen Holmgren, because if if Jen Holmgren picks up 3 fouls in the first half of of a Western Conference finals game against the Nuggets. You know, that that would be my concern. It's like, you know, who do you throw at Jokic? I don't I don't love that matchup for Holmgren. I know people have said, like, oh, Jared Allen from the Cavs. Like, that'd be great. I I think you might have to pay a little more than you want. Yeah. Jared Allen would be like pull that off. You just need Hey. The Magic have about 3 centers that they could go trade for. Right. I was gonna say the Magic I mean, the Pistons have, like, 8 centers on their roster. Not that any of them are that appealing, but I just think you need, like, a you need, like, a 12 minute game bismek by Ambo type. Yeah. You just need another body that you can throw at him. That's all you're trying to do. You're not stopping Jokic. You're just trying not to completely, take the your starting big out of the game entirely. I'm looking at the odds right now. The thunder, 20 to 1 to win the NBA championship. I think that, honestly, I think that may have shifted after last night. I think that that's how big that win was. I I believe that they're they're there are longer odds as of yesterday, but this is the one that I would like better is for them to represent the west at 9 to 1, because I still think Boston or if Milwaukee gets there, it'd be tough to win that in a 7 game series. But in terms of representing the west because of all the reasons that you just mentioned, the the Suns can't stay healthy. I don't trust the Clippers as far as I can throw them. The warriors are a broken down version of themselves. The Lakers are old, and Denver is still Denver, but you're dealing with championship fatigue. And guys like, Michael Porter has dealt with injuries. Jamal Murray has dealt with injuries. Yeah. I've actually been hit by dogs. Oh my god. Yeah. I mean, yeah. You know, you gotta watch out for that. You know? Eric Gordon don't know what he what's going on there. They put a leash on that thing. But, you know, it's hard to do it twice. We've seen that. It's not an it's not an easy thing to do. The greatest teams in NBA history have been able to pull it off are the Thunder that team. You know, we'll see. But, I think the Thunder have as good a chance as anybody else, and it's not just based on what we saw last night. Like, we don't wanna sound that overreactionary here on the podcast, but I just think it is a little bit of a wake up call that they absolutely do belong. It's not just what they did against Boston. They beat Minnesota recently as well. They're taking down the heavyweights, and they and and they're, and they're doing it in a way that I think translates to postseason success. I think you're right that you don't wanna put too much weight on one game, but at some point, you gotta put weight into these games. Right? When it comes to talking point, I I don't Right. You know, you definitely don't. I mean, the Magic beat the Celtics, and they're not winning the championship. So you it's not about one single game. It's just that that one game then leads us to talking about something that we were already thinking anyway. Right. Yeah. Exactly. And, by the way, we have a great odds comparison page, or odds tracking page, I guess, to be more accurate over at on our sports betting site. So you are right, Brandon. I'm seeing the thunder at 22 to 1 right now to win the finals on DraftKings. Prior to tip-off last night, they were 30 to 1. And about two and a half weeks ago, they were 50 to 1. Wow. Yeah. So I've I and and it's so tough because I feel confident in saying that they've got as good a chance as anybody else. Yeah. And you get some pretty good odds on that, but you you also feel like you really miss the boat. You know, if I'm betting 20 to 1 knowing that just 2 weeks ago, there was a 50 to 1 out there, it's tough to stomach that sort of thing. I don't know that I can take the plunge, but, but I would I would just say it's not a bad idea if your future's better. Alright. Wanna hit a few more things, and we'll get to the listener questions. Again, keep throwing those in the chat. We'll go rapid fire over the last 15 minutes or so. I'm looking at the Yahoo MVP's page. So this is the players that appear most frequently on the top 500, Fantasy Basketball teams hosted on Yahoo. And, you know, we we it's kinda been a a a 2 man race between Scottie Barnes and SGA for most of the year. We have a new leader as of this morning appearing on 23% of the best teams in Fantasy Basketball, Derrick White. Wow. That's surprising to me. It's been a very quiet year, as far as, you know, the the the numbers that he's putting up. I think outside of Boston, there's not been a ton of talk about Derek White. I think he's like the the 6th most talked about player on on that team. But Probably. 17 points, 4 rebounds, 5 and a half assists, 1.2 steals, 1.3 blocks, almost 50% from the field, almost 90% at the line. So I I think maybe he's having a better fantasy season than real life. I mean, it's been a great season in real life, but, you know, comparatively to other players on his own team, you don't really notice some of those efficiency numbers. But, I mean, he's been a a top 25 player in 8 category leagues. Yeah. And it's somebody that we probably should have taken a little more seriously in in the pre draft process because of the opportunity that he was given, with the trade of, our our, you know, Marcus Smart being shipped off to, to Memphis. And he and he played a big role in the playoffs as well. So this is this was sort of bubbling to the surface. He's a really good player. He knows his role, and, like, he's around some of the best players in the NBA. So, you know, this is a little bit like Steve Kerr with the bulls back in the day. If you want a real throwback, a guy that's just able to shine because when you have to focus your defensive efforts on the Celtics, you're not not really paying a lot of attention to Derrick White, but he's efficient enough to get it done. Yeah. I just wanted to highlight that because I I think, you know, again, unless you're super locked in, you might not realize just how valuable he's been. And I know there's been some talk of maybe he sneaks out of the all star team in the Eastern Conference. We'll see about that, but certainly been one of the fantasy all stars so far. I I I drafted him in the the the Vegas draft that we did at circa back in July. I was sort of stuck in I don't remember what round it was, but it was it was later in the draft, and that was one of those where we didn't have anything in front of us. We're just drafting players off the top of our heads. And, and I went, okay. So I I need some guard help here. Who's gonna be a factor that's getting starting minutes? And, Derrick White was, was one of them. So he's help he's helping. Also, I think maybe my roster is part of the percentage of that one team that I have Derrick White. It's, he's helping a lot. I think you you maybe need to draft more teams where you're just, like, hopping out of the pool, sprinting into a cabana, and just shouting someone's name and then jumping back into the pool. Honestly, it was, it was the it was the best. So I, I don't disagree with that. I think we need to do a quick story time, by the way. So I I received a photo out of nowhere over the weekend from Alex Zislowski of him, you know, kind of bombarding you at at what appeared to be Amway Arena Yep. In Orlando. How Kia Center now. Speed up come to me. Amway Center is barking. The Kia they're called the Kia Center now. Amway has been stricken from the record books over at the downtown arena. So I got a text about 2 days before the game from Allen saying, hey. I'm gonna be in Orlando. Are you gonna be at the Magic Knicks game? And I said, well, I work, the pregame and postgame for the Magic, so I'm at every game. So I think I might make my way to that one. And, and he's yeah. He we we scheduled a meetup, told him where I was at. I can't really move from my post, and I'm really bad at even though I've been in the same spot for, like, 6 years, I'm really bad at explaining how to find me in the arena because, like, I know where to go, but I don't pay attention to the sections and all of that. So credit to him with my shoddy description of how to find me. All of a sudden, you know, I'm typing away on my computer. I feel a tap on my shoulder, and there's Allen. And we bro hug it out, and we talk about the Magic Knicks and, how old Taj Gibson is. Sure. And then and then we took a picture and thought, you know, you and, John McKechnie had to see it. So, not often that we get to rub shoulders with each other in this virtual remote world that we live in. So it was cool to see Alan, somebody I really look up to in the fantasy space. We had him on the XM show last night. He said that was his first NBA game in 15 years. What? 15 years. Wow. And he saw a magic dub too. Yeah. Right. Things have changed, man. Yeah. I didn't realize he lives in Jacksonville. He does. He does. Guys just chopping it up about Jags football all the time or what? Look. So You I think he's a Giants fan. He's a Jets fan, I believe. Jets fan. So yeah. I mean, obviously, I'm a I'm a Jaguars fan from Green Bay. He's a Jets fan who lives in Jacksonville. So we we there's not a whole lot of crossover there. I mean, obviously, I'm envious of of where he lives, although I have no ties to the city of Jacksonville. I've been there once. It was fine. You know? Yeah. It's alright. Wasn't like, man, I've got I wish I it wasn't it didn't feel like a true pilgrimage. Right. Yeah. Jacksonville is not gonna blow you away. They have some nice beaches, and they've got the Jags. That's about it. There are a lot of, jean shorts. I'll tell you that. Yes. A lot of jean shorts, and that was as expected. Alright. Let's get to the chat here. We got some questions piling up. Again, keep getting those in. We'll hit as many as we can. We got about 15, 20 more minutes here. Chad says what's up, guys? What do you think the trade does for Dante DiVincenzo's dynasty value? He seems to very clearly be a tips guy and seemed like a future breakout guy before he left the Bucks. Good question. You know, DiVincenzo, I think, did look like he was on the Ascente. Milwaukee had that I believe it's like a foot ankle injury that it took him, like, a year plus to recover from. He was just never quite the same player, and, obviously, Milwaukee had kind of moved into a different phase as a team by the time he was back. And and now he's bounced around and feels like he's found what could be kind of a second permanent home now with the Knicks. And, you know, that's something that we didn't really touch on as far as, you know, other ramifications from the trade is Dante DiVincenzo had already been in the starting lineup since mid December. He started 13 games in a row. You know, he's played 36 and 26 minutes respectively over the last two games. I I I think we have to view the trade as a positive. Right? You're sending out 2 guards, and you're bringing back a wing. You know, the Knicks did bring back Malachi Flynn as well. He's injured and also barely played in Toronto. We'll see if he becomes, a part of that rotation. But, yeah, I I think I think DiVincenzo is certainly a winner rest of season, and we'll see what the Knicks do this offseason. But I I think if you're talking about dynasty value, the the arrow's gotta be pointing up. Yeah. For sure. And and I think that that was part of what led to the Emanuel Quickley trade. I just saw just reading the tea leaves of some angry Knicks fans on Twitter before the trade. They were all confused as to why DiVincenzo was getting a lot of Immanuel Quickley's workload, and it seemed like Quickley's minutes were going down, not up despite being a really productive player. There must be something that Tibbs sees in Dante DiVincenzo. We know how Tom Thibodeaux is. He gets his mind and his heart set on certain players and then plays them to death. And, and and it seems like DiVincenzo is one of those guys. He still craters out sometimes and is just not there offensively, but but he is a guy. Look at what he did a couple nights ago, capable of 38 points, that he scored. You don't get to play the Pacers every night, but, still an effective shooter, good three point shot, and is somebody that's gonna be a factor, as long as Tom Thibodeau is the coach. Alright. CowChad TTV says, what's up, guys? What do you think this does for oh, wait. Never mind. That's the exact same question. We got 2 different 2 different chats. Alright. Can't have enough chats. Yeah. Alright. That that one's on me. I I got I got got. Paul says, I just traded Booker, Kobe White, and Keontae George for Donovan Mitchell and CJ McCollum. Says, I'm a little worried about McCollum's health issues. What do you guys think? So let's, yeah, let's just do a trade analysis here, Brandon. It's a lot. It seems like a lot to give up. Donovan Mitchell and Devin Booker, I don't view those 2 all that different in the fantasy space. Kobe White, I like the idea of moving off of him, but I don't think you sold high on him. Yeah. And then and Keontae George is a very tradable piece. Yeah. I'm I'm not in love with the deal. I would I would say is, I would give you a c minus. Yeah. I mean, I if you're worried about McCollum's health issues, then I don't know why why you make this deal. You know, I I what we should say is Donovan Mitchell is the best fantasy player in the deal. Right? And I I think he's still gonna have a nice runway here with Mobley out, with Garland out where he could put up crazy numbers. And, like, as soon as that happened, Donovan Mitchell got sick and missed a few games. So it was like, alright. We didn't really see what that could look like. I want Mitchell over Booker. Obviously, I want Mitchell over Kobe White. I think Kobe White versus McCallum rest of season is is like an interesting debate, probably lean white. To me, I'm not a Keonte George guy, Brandon. It depends what format you're in. Like, if you're in points league, I get it. The percentages, the turnovers really kill you in 8 or 9 cat. So, like, to me, that's just kind of a throw in in the deal. So it's like if if you're just saying Booker and Kobe White versus Mitchell and McCollum, I I think that's a pretty fair deal either way. It's kind of an eye eye of the beholder thing. But, again, if you're worried about McCollum's health, I think I would have just tried to hold on to Kobe White. Yeah. I just don't think that Donovan Mitchell's enough of an upgrade over Devin Booker. I know we've got the big three playing together again, but Devin Booker is, like, the de facto point guard, and his assist numbers are gonna be insane. Mhmm. I I just I think he could have done a little bit better. Don't hate it, but I'm not in love with it, especially with you. You're already paranoid about CJ. I hate trading for guys that I'm already worried about. You trade away guys you're worried about. Alright. Eric says happy New Year, guys. Happy New Year to you as well, Eric. I need Brandon to keep saying good things about Franz Wagner. Last time he said his new goal percentage would be closer to last year's number, he went on that eater. Thank you, guys. This is true. Well, I I mean, I would love to take the credit for that, but it's really Franz doing all the work here. I he he he figured it out. He figured out how to just be more aggressive. He's getting to the cup much with much more frequency. I don't know if it was a tired legs things playing in the FIBA world tournament, and he and he played all the way through. They won a championship with Germany. I think it just took him a minute to kinda get his sea legs under him this year, But look at what he's done over the last several games. 25, 27, 32, 24, 28, and he does it so efficiently. He's always shooting over 50%. Yeah. I mean, I don't know how much nicer I can get. He's playing like a legit all star. It's funny because Paolo is probably gonna be the guy. I don't think 2 magic players make it to the all starts game, but Franz deserves it over Paolo. But Paolo will make it because, I I guess, the perception game is that Paolo is the star of this team. Franz Wagner, with with what he can do with the range that he has, Paolo's gotten better at his 3 point shot. It's a really good part of Franz Wagner's game, and, I think he's just been he's been invaluable, and he brings it on defense too. So, I hope that was nice enough for you. I think he's one of the 5 most underrated players in the league still. He's amazing. I don't I don't think I haven't really heard anybody talk about him as an all star, and he's absolutely deserving to be in the conversation. And I I think you're right that it's a lot to ask for the Magic to get to, and and Ben Carroll's obviously the much more popular player. You know, somebody who's going to do better in an all star voting type of situation. But, yeah, Wagner has been incredible. Fun game last night against the warriors, by the way, where Yeah. Wagner played well. You know, Jalen Suggs hit hit a few threes. The Magic went 14 of 36 as a team. I feel like when I was watching the game, they missed every wide open three possible. I don't know how they got to 14 on the night. I feel like if if Suggs just made a couple more, they probably win that game. I don't know. Maybe I was just watching it the wrong times. But Well, it was they got off to a really good start. They were there was, like, 10 to 2 out of the gate, and then Steve Kerr called the time out, kinda steadied the ship. But the Magic were making shots early on in that game. I think it helped to buoy some of those percentages. That's the issue that you see with this team, but it's it's where Franz Wagner is so valuable in fantasy, but it's frustrating when you watch the the Magic and, IRL in real life because they don't have that other guy. That's Paolo and Franz and in the Q4, and that's it. They don't have anybody else that they can rely on, so you've gotta figure that out. Are we are we done with Wendell Carter, by the way? I know we we got a bunch of questions about him over the last few weeks. Like, you know, he's he's coming off the bench now. He started a couple of games. He's still playing, like, 20, 25 minutes max. The numbers have been terrible. Like, could we could we just set this aside for now and not worry about him in fantasy? Yeah. I mean and right now, Jamal Mosley is, I think, still hiding behind the the injury ramp up being part of the reason why now he's coming off the bench, and Goga Bitazay is getting the starting nod over him. Goga Bitazay has just been a better player in terms of in the mix of this starting lineup than Wendell Carter Junior has been. I I don't know exactly what it is. He's dealt with he he he had a hand injury, then came back and dealt with some lower leg soreness. So just seems like it's a conditioning thing, but he's not as good a defender. And this is a team that hangs their head on defense, so Goga isn't going anywhere. In terms of Fantasy, I think you're good to move off of Wendell Carter junior. I know he had a good scoring output a couple of nights ago, but it just doesn't seem like he's gonna get the work consistently. Maybe a guy that you pick up again in the future. Alright. We got a couple questions from Kim Ron. He says, I grabbed Quickley, dropped Pogemski, hoping that doesn't bite me later. I would rather have Quickley out of those 2. You know, if you're in a if you're in a deeper league, both should obviously be rostered. But if you're in a shallow league, that's a decision you probably have to make. And, again, I I think you did the right thing grabbing quickly. He also says, realistically, how long is Drummond a hold for? I mean, he has been a a machine over the last week and a half as you'd expect, as he always is whenever he gets the minutes. We got an update on Buscevic earlier this week, Brandon. I came yesterday morning from from Billy Donovan. He said there is no clear return timetable for Nikola Buscevic. He said Buscevic will not practice at all this week. Bulls play in the 2nd night of a back to back tonight. They play Friday at home against Charlotte. So, obviously, Vuce won't play in either of those games. Then they're at Charlotte next Monday, couple of home games on a 4 game week. I would say Vucevic is out until at least the middle of next week. We've also seen the the bulls kind of, you know, play this game with Zach LaVine for the last month. And who knows? You know, trade deadline's coming up. All star break is coming up. I don't I'd be surprised if it if it runs that long. I don't think they're necessarily holding Vooch out to trade them in the same way that I think they're doing with Zach LaVine, but this very quickly went from, oh, you know, could be a week to could be 2 to 3 weeks. Yeah. I'm not exactly sure what's going on in Chicago because I thought for sure they were holding Zach LaVine out for, for the trade deadline, but now they're talking about ramping him back up and and getting him ready. He should be back within the next week. Sure. So it do they bring him back just so that they can put him in a showcase, or why even bother? Teams know what Zach LaVine is. I don't think it's all that necessary. It does feel like a similar thing is going on with Vooch right now. I was dead wrong on Andre Drummond. I thought after we saw that 24.25 rebound performance last week that that was that was it. We're not gonna get that again. And he's he's been putting up these ridiculous numbers. 16, 23, 17 rebounds over the last 3 games. He continues to do it. If I'm Chicago, I'm like, why do what do I need Vooch for? Look at what Andre Drummond is bringing to the table, really turning back the clock. These are old school Drummond numbers that we've seen recently. Yep. Alright. Let's go rapid fire through the rest of these, Brandon. We got about 5 more minutes, and we're out of here. Chad says, on the Toronto deal, does it make it less likely that we see any of Grady Dick the rest of the season? I say yes. Just, you know, again, it's kind of the reverse of what we talked about with New York. You're sending out a wing and you're bringing back 2 guards. And I I know, you know, Grady Dick has the size that he could conceivably play the 3. To me, he's more of a 2 at the NBA level. And I I think Quickley and and Barrett obviously take Preston in over that. Now they did send out Malachi Flynn, in some ways, a direct competitor for minutes, although he's more of a point guard. Dick, more of a a shooter, a wing. I just I I I think they view this as a developmental year for Grady Dick. I think they'll be, you know, maybe later in the season, especially if Toronto really takes a step back. I think he could, you know, see 15, 20 minutes if they just wanna showcase him at the end of the year. But, you know, they've he's been bouncing back and forth between the g leagues. So he's obviously much more of a dynasty asset at this point. Oh, for sure. I mean, this is a guy that, he's he's just not ready for the prime time of of NBA basketball just yet. They're not ready to put him in that position. And we see that more often than not, with the with these rookies, especially guys that were drafted after the, the top 10. Grady Dick is a guy that should turn into a pretty nice NBA player, but it doesn't happen for everybody overnight. There are just too many good players out there to speculate on to hold Grady Dick at this point. Austin asked, Draymond and Keldah Johnson for Jalen Johnson and Dante DiVincenzo, who wins that trade 10 team points league? I'll let you answer first. Well, I'm just not all that interested in having Draymond Green on my team. We still have no idea when he's gonna come back. So I feel like that's sort of a dead piece to this deal. Kelvin Johnson, okay, but he can be, somewhat erratic. I like what I'm seeing out of Dante DiVincenzo. We talked about him. And Jalen Johnson, what a surprise piece he's been for the hawks this year. So I think the second part of that deal is the is the winner here, especially in the 10 team league. Yeah. I think with it being a points league, I like I like Draymond and I like Kelton Johnson more, but I still I still prefer the Jalen Johnson, Divincenzo side of this one. Ant says, I need threes, and I'm willing to trade Tobias Harris. Who can I get in return? Tobias Harris having a nice year, as he always does. He's gonna somehow finish, like, 55th, right where he does every season. But you need you need high volume 3 pointers. So you can attach somebody to Tobias Harris, you know, somebody a little bit lesser and, you know, maybe you target someone like CJ McCollum, someone like Terry Rozier, someone like Tyler Herro, you know, guys who who rank ahead of Tobias Harris. And, again, you probably need to attach an asset there. If you're just, you know, if you're just targeting 3 pointers, then I think you can aim a little bit lower and, you know, like Bogdan Bogdanovic has been hitting a ton. Yep. Oh, yeah. Bogdanovic in Detroit, you know, Devon Vassell, these are all guys that are averaging at least 2 and a half threes per game. You know, Michael Porter, Max Struss, those guys are all in that conversation. Yeah. You could get a couple of those heat guys as well. Tyler Herro, Duncan Robinson Yep. Would be somebody that you could target. We talked about Derrick White. I mean, he's, when we mentioned it earlier, 23% of Yep. Of of winning fantasy basketball rosters right now. So maybe you wanna get a hold of him. I don't think that's information that many people know. So if you add Derek White, it looks like that's translating the wins. He would be somebody that I would be willing to target. Fred VanVleet in Houston, guys like that. Mhmm. Quick question on Drayvon. When is he back? Any updates? Start of next week, maybe. Maybe. The Warriors, we got, like, a kind of Can we get Steve Kerr on the podcast real quick? Yeah. I mean, we have it's been over a week since we've had any sort of update, and the last one said he the suspension may last 11 to 13 games. Like, okay. Very strange time period. That came from Woj. If if that timetable were to hold up, that would mean he could be back as soon as this Friday or sometime in the next week. I I don't know. I mean, the dream up thing I feel like we're just gonna we're gonna find out, like, the the morning of a game. He's just gonna be back. You know, it's very vague. It's a unique situation. There's not really a blueprint for a player having to kinda check off boxes like this. So my guess is he's back in the next 2 weeks. I'd be pretty surprised if it extends beyond that. But even so, I just I still don't really want him in in fantasy. I it's been a diminishing asset, I think, for a few years now. Yeah. I mean, look at what you were getting before the suspension. It wasn't really anything that was, I think, driving wins for you. And maybe Nick is right that it he just you wake up one morning and all of a sudden, Draymond Green is back and active. I have a feeling there's gonna be more of a ramp up process where the first report you get is Draymond Green is back with the Golden State Warriors. Mhmm. That'll that'll be the headline, and we don't even have that yet. It seems like both sides are it's it's like, it's like Ross and Rachel from friends. They're on a break right now, and they are not speaking to each other. Alright. Steve O says, I got offered Kat and Kuminga for OG in Claxton. This is a 12 team, 11 Kat league. This is a really, really interesting trade because, obviously, Cat's the best player in the deal. Kamika is the worst player in the deal. OG and Claxton combined. I think this is fair. It's something that I it was almost a trade that I would be, like, terrified to make because I feel like I'm getting burned one way or the other, which means it's probably a good trade. Yeah. And, I I like the fantasy viability of OG and and Obi with the, with the Knicks. At least as of right now, it's a it's a good player in a new scene, fresh new toy kind of feeling. So I I I do worry that sometimes we do this in every sport whether it's fantasy basketball, baseball, football. When we get a semi star player in a New Jersey, we tend to overrate them a little bit. So I worry that that could be happening here, but definitely like what I've seen. Don't wanna just dismiss it entirely. I like what I saw from Kuminga last night. I'm watching that Magic Warriors game, 19.6 rebounds, 4 assists, a couple of blocked shots. If that's the Kuminga that we're gonna get, the first side of that deal is definitely the winner. I would still take Cat and Kaminga, but I I think it's a very interesting offer to ponder. Ivy, Brandon Miller, Cam Johnson. Who do you want rest of the way? Fourteen team league. I I think I would go with Brandon Miller. Quietly a guy that is in the rookie of the year conversation won't win it, because the the 2 guys that are in front of him have been so incredible. But he is he has been really good in his own right, really good outside shooter, and it just seems like he's really comfortable out there. Gonna continue to get more of a runway, especially with all the injuries the Hornets have been dealing with and some of the old guys they could end up shipping off like Gordon Hayward. Last 18 games for Brandon Miller, 16 points, 3 and a half rebounds, 2 and a half assists, about 1 and a half steals and blocks combined. 43, 45, 87 percentages. So I think that's the field goal percentage, what you worry most about with him. And, you know, it's gonna go up and down, but he's been on a really nice run. And, you know, is it is it a tough spot too? Because Charles getting just house basically every night except for last night against the Kings. So, yeah, I would I I think Miller versus Johnson is really interesting. Cam Johnson to me is probably the safer option. It it it kinda depends, like, you know, where you are in your league. If, like, if you're choosing 1 or the other, if you need to move up the standings, maybe I just chance it with Brandon Miller. I think Cam Johnson's gonna give you a more consistent 15.7 rebounds, couple threes, better percentages. Ivy is just not a consideration here. Like, I'm I'm still interested, intrigued by what he could be as a player going forward. He's in a different, like, fantasy category for me than the other 2. Yeah. It and as much as I can get away from players on the Pistons with the last name that isn't Cunningham, I'm, I'm good doing that. Alright. Well, we'll end on this one, Brandon. Another Pistons question from Chad. He said one more question. Who do you think ends up getting shipped out from the glut of same type of players in Detroit? Great question. This could, in a lot of ways, you know, shape the fantasy landscape. If you're if you're working the margins the rest of the way, I'm gonna say Bojan Bogdanovic probably gets traded at some point. Yeah. He's the most likely. Really, anybody could get traded other than Kade. I, you know, I I think Isaiah Stewart would have suitors. I think you know? I mean, even even guys like Alec Burks, Joe Harris, you know, it's like, there there are some teams that would maybe just want some veteran depth later in the season. But I guess the question is, 1, who gets shipped out to who benefits? I'm yeah. The shipped out part, I think, is easier to figure out. Yeah. Bogdanovic is tier 1 in terms of if you were if you were setting odds in Vegas, he'd be, like, minus 300 to be dealt at the deadline. And then Isaiah Stewart, Marvin Bagley probably would be next. I think those those guys, Achilles and Hayes, I wouldn't be surprised if he got traded. In terms of who gets a bump, I mean, Cade Cunningham's already he's not gonna get a bump if anybody leaves. He is what he is. I think it could honestly be Jaden Ivy, and I I think if he just ends up in in in, with more usage, maybe he develops more into a player that we like in fantasy. Asar Thompson, maybe he comes back into our good graces, but I don't I don't think I'd feel I mean, where do you land on that? I wouldn't feel great about anybody if a couple of these players end up getting shipped off. I just kinda shrug my shoulders and go, okay. This is what it looks like now. I think Asar is the obvious one because we've already seen it. But, no, you you kinda said what was on my mind, which is, like, alright. Let's say they trade, you know, trade Alec Burks, trade Joe Harris, trade Isaiah Stewart. It's like, alright. Kevin Knox time, baby. Like, are are you really excited for Isaiah Livers? Like yeah. It's it's a it's a weird situation because the minutes would be there, and technically the production would be there, but I'm not I'm not super fired up, about any of those guys. So no. I I I think it's more about Bogdanovic. You know, where does he end up? Does his value slide, you know, if he ends up on a contending team where he's not being asked to do quite as much? Yeah. It's, it's not a good situation in Detroit. I I think that's pretty much all we could say about that. Alright, fellas. We gotta be on our way out, Brandon. Appreciate chatting with you as we do every Wednesday morning. We'll be back at this time next Wednesday. We'll have Alex, Ken, and Shannon on Friday. We will have the OGs, Rick and doctor Ray coming at us tomorrow. So get some questions in on their streams. You can comment on our YouTube videos. You can hit us up on Twitter as well. We will answer all of your fantasy questions there throughout the week, throughout the season. And as always, we appreciate everybody who chimed in on the chat. Brandon, enjoy the rest of the week, man. We'll talk soon. Bye, guys.