Hey, everyone. It's Tuesday, March 5th. Welcome to the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you today by our new sponsor, Smart Bracket, just in time for March madness. I'm doctor a. That is Kurian. We are going to break down a slowish 6 game night in the NBA Monday. We're gonna do it right after this. Hey, Kieran. Let's dive right in here. We got good news on Monday, right, that out Alfred Shingon's injury is not, career threatening or a torn ACL or anything like that. However, he does have a severely sprained right ankle. What do you think the chances are we see him, come back and play again in the regular season? I'd probably go 25%. Like you said, it's not a career threatening injury, but, obviously, the Rockets are, like, 3 and a half games out right now of the the 10th seed of the that playing spot. The Lakers and the Warriors are playing really well, so I don't imagine them the Rockets reaching that spot by the time he's, like, ready to come back. I think more likely than not, they shut him down for the rest of the season and just have a good healthy off season and prepare for next year. Yeah. I'm closer to 0%, that he comes back because not only is it the ankle, it's also the knee. The guy is a mini Jokic. Like, this is not a this is a franchise player that you do not wanna mess with. And what's the difference really between being a 10 or a 9 play in and they getting ousted in the playoffs or just not making the playoffs? I mean, it's really not that big of a deal. They I I think Houston pretty clearly exceeded expectations this year. They were way better than I thought they were gonna be. Very entertaining. One of the better young teams in the league. They've got some some scrappy veterans thrown in there now into the mix. So I if I if I'm Houston, I'm just shutting him down and saying thanks for everything and and moving on to next year. But what is there a pickup there? Is Joc Landale really somebody you're comfortable adding to your rosters, your teams trying to make the playoffs, or is this a good thing for Amen Thompson? I know Cam Whitmore is not playing tonight. So maybe it's amen time. What what do you think? If I in, like, a deeper league, I would think about adding Joc. If in, like, a 12 team league that I'm fighting for a playoff spot, I don't think that's a move that is gonna be turning any needles for me. Like you said, Cam's out tonight, so I do think that means a lot more, Eamon. I really I mean, Jabari Smith's gonna be owned in a majority of leagues, anything anyways, but I really think he's gonna play a lot of small ball 5. Jeff Green may get some run too, but all of these, like, bench guys other than Eamon, like, I don't see Joc or Jeff Green, really playing, like, 20, 25 minutes. Eamon could get up there, but, I like I said, I think they go a lot of small ball 5. Fenvie, Green get more shots up. Smith gets a lot more, like, looks from outside, like, with the stretch floor, but I don't think there's really, like, a a league winning move here in, like, 12 team leagues. No one's gonna replace Sangoon's production. Like you said, he's he's basically the next Jokic. Or we're we're hoping he's gonna be the next Jokic. He's showing signs that not that far from it right now. No. Not not not at all. And so, like, no one's gonna totally replace that production, so I don't think there's, like, one move off the waiver wire. It's gonna be those core guys that are already owned in the more majority of leaks that just get a slight a slight upgrade for me. Yeah. I made a mistake and let Derek Lively go the other day. And after I did it because I wanted to pick up there's so many guards that are hot right now, and I was, like, planning for I was looking at all the 4 game weeks coming up, and I was planning the eggs. I'm already locked in the playoffs. So I made all these moves, and I was like, oh, now I only have 1 center and a 2 center league. And and weirdly, we'll talk about in a minute, you know, that both Dallas centers played well last night, which we never see happen. Mhmm. But now I'm like, if I don't get Lively back, I may end up having having to grab Jock Landale. So I think if you're desperate for a center and and there aren't a lot sitting out there in a 12 team 2 center league, I think Landale's at least worth a flyer until we see what Houston's gonna do. Because I could see Houston going small, like you just said, or I could see them playing Landau 25 minutes and maybe having him make an impact. But in a 2 center league, absolutely, he's worth a look. I'll I'll I'll give that stipulation there for sure. Yeah. So anyway, that's where we are with that part of the Houston rotation. The news was not quite as promising on Sadik Bay. He's out for the season. He'll have left knee surgery. His ACL. Are you a bogey Bogdanovich guy or Deandre Hunter guy in this situation? I personally like Bogdanovic, but I think Hunter is probably more available in more leagues. Yeah. I I would agree with that statement. I've been a big big bogey guy, his entire career even when he was get chucking up shots in Sacramento. I I just love the way he plays. Instant offense can make a huge impact right away. Hunter has been playing really well, recently. They're the biggest issue with him was always, like, consistency, right, with the jumper, like, more than anything else. And he's put together a stretch of, like, really solid scoring performances, double digit points in 14 straight, averaging 7 like, 17.3 points shooting over 50% from the field. So he's got something figured out right now. I don't think he's gonna, like, explode to be, like, some 25 point score for the rest of the season because of Sadik Bey's injury, but I think there's a real chance that he is a steady producer for a team that goes far in the playoffs. He's all that stretch that I just mentioned was all off the bench. Right? So even if he doesn't get added to the starting lineup, we've seen Vit, added to the starting lineup, and Hunter still come off the bench. Even if he doesn't get added to starting lineup, punters still, like, a really solid play for me, I think. Can you hear me right now? I can. I saw you getting out there for a minute. Yeah. I my video's gone, but, apparently, my audio is still here. Right? You can Yeah. I can hear you. Okay. So yeah. And I agree. The Deandre Hondas played much better, of late than well, I feel like he's had kind of a good year for Atlanta, better than it has been in the past, but, it's gonna be some weird sledding next year if Deandre Hunter, Bogdanovic, Bay, and Jalen Johnson are all still around because there's only so many mouths to feed, and the one that really needs to eat is Jalen Johnson. So Absolutely. Absolutely. He's hurt as we as we know. The Golden State Warriors beat the Spurs last night. Victor Wembanyama came back and graced us with his presence. He only hit 10 of 25 shots, which was painful. He had, 27 points, 14 rebounds, 3 assists, a steal, 2 blocks, 3 3 pointers. I've got this dude. I've got Wimby in my lineup going against Jokic. They're they both play 4 games this week. Do you think when Binyama's gonna play tonight, and is that news already out there and I just haven't seen it? The news last night before game, Popovich used the phrasing uncertain for his status today, and there has not been an update yet. So that would, you know, put maybe playing some some games there, Popovich's, but I would assume that that means he's kind of trending more towards not playing today. And, like, kind of, like, the same situation with Sangoon. Right? Is there a reason for him to be playing this many minutes? He's all but got the rookie of the year locked up. He's played in 57 games already, so, you know, he's he's on pace to hit all those thresholds. Right? And, you know, from all of, like, the press conferences and stuff, Wendy wants to play, man. He wants to be out there every night. He wants to be the reason his team is winning every night. But at this point in his career and in with the state of the Spurs, that just is not really, like, what needs to happen. Right? He needs to, like, stay healthy this year so he has a good off season, and he can build off of his rookie of the year campaign. So I think the Spurs were gonna protect him from himself. If sit him out tonight, if he even if he plays, he'll probably be limited. And I was looking at his shot attempts. That was last night was only the 3rd time he has taken more than 25 shots or 25 or more shots in the game. So I feel like him taking that many shots last night was kind of an indication he's not gonna play today. Like, if I'm not gonna be playing tomorrow, might as well get all my shots up today, you know, and so I think when he's when he will play for the next couple weeks, he's gonna be full go, playing over 30 minutes, taking as many shots as he can, being really aggressive. But I do think there's gonna be some limitations, and there's gonna be some some rest days during the Fantasy playoffs, which is tragic. Well, he's got a matchup against a non Shingun tonight, and I was really hoping that he was just gonna play and go off. And I got lucky last week because I played against, Andre, the professor, Snellings, who I work with at ESPN, and he lost Maxey for the week. I only had Wimby for 1 game, so we had a we had our own problems. But if, you know, I'm planning into Matt Smith this week. If he gets 4 games out of Jokic, then I get 2 or 3 out of Wimby, and I'm gonna associate after what Jokic did last night. It's not gonna be it's not gonna be fun for me, but we'll we'll see what happens. Devin Bassil was back. He was hot early, struggled late. Glad to have him back. He's he's a baller, man. I love Devin Bassil. And then, did you catch Trace, Jackson Davis' dunk on WEMI? Yeah, man. That was awesome. You got it. I'm a I'm a big 10 guy. I know you said you're in Georgia, but I'm I'm a Wisconsin boy. So I've been I followed Trace Jackson Davis at Indiana for a long time, and he terrorized a lot of badger teams. And thinking about him as a pro is kinda like, you know, there's no jump shot. There's no whatever. What better what what better fit for him in the NBA than playing with Chris Paul? I mean, I know I know Curry wasn't playing last night, but playing with, like, 2 hall of fame point guards, this dude is just a rebound offensive rebounding, defensive rebounding, roll screen and roll king, and he fits perfectly with those guys. So I I've I've kind of enjoyed his his, like, little hot stretch here in the NBA. I don't I don't know how much of a ceiling he has in the NBA, but he can play this role for a couple years at least. Well, I am from Indianapolis, Indiana, and my parent my my mom went to Indiana, and, I grew up in Bloomington, down there near Lake Monroe. So Trace Jackson Davis, I I watched most of his games, as his his last year in Indiana, and I was surprised he fell that far in the draft, honestly. I thought he was a better player than that, but I get it. No jump shot. But the dunk he had on when we last night was pretty, pretty fun. Oh, yeah. Did you notice that Klay Thompson started it over Brandon Podgemski? Yeah. Pods and Trace Jackson both moved to the bench after a couple starts. I was happy with the production from those young guys off the bench. I I am I don't wanna be that guy, but I am a little worried about Pods. You know? Over his he's all he's over his last seven appearances, he's missed 2 games during that stretch. He's averaging 7 points, shooting 39% from the field, 60% from the free throw line. That's not great. He's obviously one of the best rebounding guards in the league already. Right? So there's always gonna be that aspect that boosts his fantasy appeal. Great defensively for a young guy too, but that offense really needs to be there if he's gonna be a difference maker in the playoffs. I'm I'm a little worried. I'm not ready to to pull the plug on it for sure, but if there's a better option, I I might be looking to replace him in 12 team leagues. In the starting lineup. Not not, like, replace him on my roster, but, like, move him out of the starting lineup. Yeah. I feel like Lee Corso on the, on the the show on ESPN, like, not so fast. Because because Golden State plays 4 times next week, the week after, the week after, and the week after. So they're locked into 4 games every week from here on out. I picked up pods off waivers in a 12 team Yahoo league, that I'm trying to win, on on Monday. And I think the only reason he was cut is because he missed those 2 games. Yeah. So I'm kinda glad he missed those games. It made him available to me. Now I did see I did see a thing on Twitter before we came on the air today where, Wiggins and Pods were running a fast break together, and Wiggins kept the ball and and got fouled on the rack. And Paz is like, dude, I'm wide open throwing me the ball. He said, what are you talking about, dude? Not throwing you the ball. And it was like, oh, well, maybe maybe Wiggins and Paz are not not the best of buddies. Not that I'm not that I think that really matters that much. No. Bottom line is I think I think the warriors really like the hustle of Pajewski. And, yeah, he's going through a little little wall right now, but there's plenty of time for him to get a turnaround. I'm I'm not too worried about it. Yeah. He he's a very high floor guy because of those rebounds in the defensive production. Right? Just the the offense a little bit. And like you said, like, that that's a a nice little click baity Twitter post or x post or whatever it is nowadays. In reality, I think that's just too, like, hungry guys, guys competing, trying to win, barking at each other a little bit. They probably laughed about it on the plane or, like, I'm in the locker room afterwards. I I did see that and chuckled a little bit, though. Maybe they laughed about it. Maybe they didn't. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. But either way, they're professionals, and they'll move on. Well, yeah, at least Wiggins is showing signs of life again. That was a that was a rough first half of the season. Yeah. For that dude. Hey. Hey, March Madness fans. Before we dive into the madness, we want to loop you in on one of our sponsors, supported intelligence. They've developed an AI tool called smartbracket. Io that could really help you when you're rebuilding your brackets. Think of smartbracket. Io as one friend who always has the inside scoop, thanks to something they call rapid recursive technology. It's like having a secret playbook for your March madness picks, making your bracket a bit smarter while saving you a ton of time. If you love the game and your bracket could use a bit of an edge or a full on strategy overall, smartbracket.io is worth a peck a peek. It's fun and easy to use while leveraging some brilliant AI technology. It might just give you those bragging rights you're after. With March madness right around the corner, a little extra insight never hurt. When selection Sunday starts, check out smartbracket.io. Here's to enjoying the madness and making smarter choices along the way. Thank you, support and intelligence. Oh, Kyrie, my, my voice barely made it through that, but we're still here. You did great. Alright. Gotcha. I've got audio back. I've I've got video back. I'm I'm back. Dallas Mavericks last night ran the Chicago Bulls out of the gym, ruining a chance for my guy, Luca, my man, to get his, what, 9th, 10th. I don't even know how many straight 30 point triple double in a row. Because it was such a blowout, he didn't really play much in the Q4. So he finished with 27, 12, and 14. Like I mentioned earlier, Danny Gafford and Derek Lively both went off in the same game. I don't know that we've seen that happen yet in Dallas. So I thought that was weird. And then also Kobe White who's been carrying one of my teams, and his entire team were sort of a disaster last night. So any takeaways from that? Oh, yeah. I think the biggest takeaway is you can trust Lobrunners against, Buscevic anytime. I, you know, I think Andre Drummond got a lot of PT off the bench as he has been, but that's just a tough matchup for Buscevic. Right? 2 guys who are freak athletes, and Luka Doncic just being the floor general that he is. I I I agree. I don't think we have seen Gafford and Lively both have that big of games at the same time, and I don't think that that's probably sustainable if we haven't seen any like, that prob probably think that that was a little bit of an outlier. They've the way that that rotation has been working, it has has kind of shit scared me away from it. One's in the lineup, one's out of the lineup. I know Lively was just he was injured for a little bit, and then he took it personally like, a day off. So there's, like, a lot of interesting things going on with that rotation. I think they're both capable, and they've shown that all throughout the year of putting up big numbers. But I don't think there's, like, a major takeaway where we can go, they got the 2 headed monster or anything. You gotta start both of these guys every day. Kobe White, I think if he if you've been playing if you've had him on your team, he's carried you this far, you're not like, you just gotta keep throwing them out there, and the tides will turn eventually. The Bulls the Bulls are the Bulls, man. They're the as Barutha likes to call Alex Barutha, the main editor at RotoWire, he calls them the mid 3. Obviously, LaVine hasn't been playing much, but the LaVine, DeRozan, Vucevic is the mid 3, and I I couldn't agree with that more. I think with the Bulls like Ayo and Kobe White are bright spots, but there's nothing, like, major here to take away from one bad game. No. No. Kobe's been awesome, man. Like, I I drafted Kobe, I don't know, a 100 and something in that 30 team league, and he's literally carried that team on his back for most of the year. And and he's gotten off. He's had some really bad first halves where he's bounced back in the second half of the game and still put up a monster line, but, I mean, that game was such a blowout last night. It was just sort of a lost cause all the way around. So I'm not really too worried about it. I wish Dallas would figure out I mean, I love Derek Lively, but you wouldn't trade it for Daniel Gafford. Daniel Gafford is a ring rim protector. He's a veteran. He's experienced. He knows he knows what he's doing, and I I wish they would just turn the keys over to him and try to win games and try to move up in the standings and try to get Luke an MVP here because if they don't start winning and they if they don't get past New Orleans, they're and win their division. He he has no shot at winning MVP. I don't think so. I don't know. I I don't I don't love what Dallas is doing right now. They they should be they played better than I think I expected them to, like, all season long until the last 3 weeks. They've been kinda worse than I thought they would they would be. Yeah. I totally agree with that assessment. They've let a couple, like, winnable games this, like, last couple weeks slip. And then, you know, when you're when you're not winning the games you should be and you're still losing the games against the better teams, it's gonna be tough. I think I think, like you said, if the Mavericks were higher up in the standings, Luca would be the favorite at almost every sports book for MVP, but he just can't win it with them that low. Agreed. Although he still he might. I it's gonna be a weird MVP vote, I think. I think there's gonna be a lot of people voting for Tatum. There's gonna be a lot of people voting for Jokic. I think Luke is gonna give votes. I think SGA SGA is gonna give votes. While we're while we're on this topic of for Rotowire, we did like a preseason, futures bets, and I had I took, Anthony Edwards at plus 3,000 for MVP. And my rationale was, hey, man. The Timberwolves played really well against the Nuggets, in the postseason last year. Timberwolves could be, like, a top 3 4 seed, and he's gonna be their best player. Now they're they're flirting with the one seed, and I'm not getting any love for MVP. All I wanted was him to be at some conversations, man. Dude, he's not even on the chart. I know. I know. I was like, it went perfectly. Everything happened, and he's still not even getting I don't understand I don't understand why he's not getting similar love to SGA. Yeah. SGA's numbers pop more, but, I mean, these these defensive plays that that Anthony Edwards has been making lately, like, that game saving blocking against the Pacers is literally one of the best basketball players I've ever seen in my entire life. I would 100% agree. I I mean, it was reminiscent of LeBron's block on Iguodala in those in that final series. You know? Like, game on the line that they just an incredible play. And when I, you know, when I'm trying to, like, justify him not being in the MVP conversation, I look back at, like, the Donovan Mitchell years in Utah with Rudy Gobert, and he was winning defensive player of the years, and they were flirting with the number one seed in the west a lot of the time. And Mitchell wasn't getting any of that love. So I probably should've looked back at that history and seen that, like, when you have a defensive player like Gobert and you're he kinda gets a lot of credit for those winning for winning. But it I just want him to Edwards to be in the conversation a little bit, man. He's he's been phenomenal and one of my favorite players to watch all year. He is he's awesome. I love him too. And, you know, he went to Georgia and I, I don't I mean, I get Gobert and Cat both are there and having big years, but, I mean, it's not like s g h not dealing with Chet Holmgren and Jalen Williams. Like, I I honestly don't get it. It's just that, oh, it's Minnesota. Nobody's gonna win MVP in Minnesota unless it's Kevin Garnett, I guess. So, yeah, that's kinda that's kinda sad. Now I'm now I'm sad. Sorry. It's a little sidetracked. You really brought you really brought the whole mood down. Detroit beat Charlotte in a game that maybe 7 people watched on television last night. There may have been 9 or 10 people actually in the arena. But this Vasili Michic guy, have you been paying attention to what he's been doing? Yeah, man. Ever since the, like, trade deadline, he's just been absolutely phenomenal. So many injuries to that backcourt, and he's just paving his way. You know, obviously, I think it has to be said, that he's not like your typical rookie. Right? He is gonna be he is He's like 31. Yeah. He's already 30. So, you know, guys in keeper leagues or whatever, he might he's he's not the rookie stash that you might think he is. But it's awesome to watch him on this run. Charlotte's kind of been competing. I I hate to admit it. You know, maybe this gives me some credit as a die hard, but I I have Cade Cunningham in a a lot of leagues this year. So I've been tuning in to those those 6:6 PM central tip offs with Detroit versus whoever, and, you know, I regret my life at halftime most of the time. But, so I I was watching a little bit of that game, and, you know, it's awesome to see what he's doing. He's floor general knocking down shots. He's the only reason why Charlotte is, like, really competitive. I know they're I know Brandon Miller and Miles Bridges are putting up good numbers, but Mitchich is running that floor general and, like, keeping them competent. Well, Vasili Mitchich, in case you missed it, has scored, in double figures in all 6 of his March games. He's solid in steals. He's solid in boards. He's solid in blocks. He hits threes. I I think he's a great pick up right now. Trey Mann and LaMelo Ball could come back at any minute and destroy all the vibes. But, I mean, if they were gonna bring Melo back, I think that would have already happened. And the fact that Trey May has been invisible is also of concern, and I'm fine with them just running out there. I picked them up in some leagues. I think their schedule is really good. Let's look at that real quick. Charlotte, 2 games next week. So Mitchich is gonna be dropped next week probably, but then 444 after that. So they play 4 this week. I can see an owner, having him on his roster this week, dropping him for next week, and then, it'll be a free for all to see who gets them for those last 3 weeks. Yeah. Like you said, I don't think Clannell is coming back. If he would have been, they would have brought him back. And even if Trey Mann does come back, I still think Mitra gets a lot of run. Fun techy of went crazy last night for Detroit for your Detroit Pistons. 70 points, 8 boards, 3 assists, or 3 rebounds, 2 is 2 steals, a block, and 3 3 pointers. He had 711 shots. I'll say it was out, I think. Mhmm. But fantastic Turkey has had a good year, man. And he he for both Utah and Detroit, I had him in a in a FanDuel lineup last night. That worked out real, real nice for me. What are your thoughts on him? I love it. I love everything about him. I I do have one tragic personal story real quick. So over the trade deadline, I went on vacation. Right? And, that ensuing Sunday, so when you're supposed to make waiver claims so, like, I was on vacation from, like, Thursday to Sunday and or Thursday to Monday, and that Thursday was the trade deadline, and he got, there was a bunch of trades going down, whatever. And so I'm I'm making moves on the plane ride. Right? I'm like, oh, well, I'm gonna drop fun Fantechyo because he's getting traded. He's not gonna have a starting spot anymore. And this was before Bogdanovic got traded out of Detroit. Right? So I was like, he's getting traded. He's gonna be stuck behind Bogdanovic. They're like, I was only a roster rostering him because he was starting in Utah. And then I go on vacation, and I totally forget that I had made all of those preliminary waiver moves. And so, like, that Sunday, I'm like, oh, I don't need to make any moves. Like, like, I look at my lineup. Like, Fontacchio is, like, the only, like, really droppable guy in my team. I don't need to make that move. I actually inserted him into the starting lineup because I had heard the Bogdanovich news. And then I wake up Monday morning expecting him to be a starter, and I had dropped him from that Thursday move, and I had just never got back to it. And I've regretted that decision ever since, man. He in that league, I need 3 pointers, and he would just be the 3 pointers and steals, and he would have just been literally the perfect fit. I probably would have started him every single week since then. So, you know, he it hurts it hurts me to see him going off because I've deep down. I don't want him to succeed, so I don't feel as bad about that terrible blunder that I made. But, I feel connected to him for the rest of the season because of that one move. And if I That's drop out of the the payment in that league, I'm I'm currently fighting for, like, 3rd place. Probably could've push been pushing for, like, 2nd place if I would have kept him, but he's been phenomenal, man. And, I wish I I still wish I would have had him on my lineup. Yeah. I'm I'm pretty famous for over managing my rosters, and then, like, baseball season gets here. And I I'm like a squirrel or, you know, like, I have the attention span. I'm like a dog that sees a squirrel over there, and I forget about what I was doing over here. Now I'm running over there after baseball. I'm like, I'll stop managing my teams. I'm so I I wanna win this 30 team league so bad, then I'm I wanna win my rock and roll league so bad. Both of them have Wendy on them, so they they both could win. And, so I'm I'm staying as hyper focused as I can on basketball. I'm trying trying not to do anything stupid like that. Yeah. I But it's it's not easy. It's not notorious for, like, drafting a really good team and then, like, making terrible week to week decisions and silly blunders on the waiver wire being like, oh, this is it's gonna be the best pickup, but so but we all make mistakes. That's that's part of the that's part of the deal. It's part of the fun of it too. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. The Suns beat the Cavs. I don't know if there's a lot there. Devin Booker was back. Katie at 37. Beal had 24. Booker scored 27. Even with those 3 going off, Grace and Owls Allen had another good game. I mean, who knew that Grace and Allen was gonna be, like, the MVP of the Suns this year. Right? Crazy. I so going into the season, I did, like, a little, like, best under the radar pickups, or, like, you know, draft guys at the end of the at the end of your draft. And I highlighted Grayson and Malik Beasley as just guys that play with stars, are great 3 point shooters, and they're just gonna be sitting in the corner wide open all of the time. Malik be Beasley, that's came true, but Grayson has just taken that to another level, man. He's getting blocks. He's ridiculous games at the from beyond the arc. It it he's been a revelation, and really the only reason the Suns have been able to, like, keep up with all of these injuries. And I think, yeah, like you said, Booker, Booker returned, and they had their big 3 and they won. Surprise, surprise. I I feel like if they have those guys available, they're gonna be pretty good the rest of the season. Yeah. And, I mean, it it has helped Grayson Allen that Bradley Beal only has one leg. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. And I mean, Booker's missed time too. That's helped Allen play a bunch too. So he's had he's had help, but, man, Grace and Allen, unsung fantasy hero this season, I would say. The Nuggets beat the Raptors. They were down 22 in the Q3. I was like, oh, or halftime maybe. I was like, oh, man. Nuggets might finally lose a game. Hopefully, this means Jokic isn't going crazy. No. Jokic absolute absolutely went crazy. What? 35, 17, and 12. Jamal Murray had 26 and 12. MPJ and Aaron Gordon both scored 19. Michael Ward Junior, by the way, has been looking very good for the Nuggets. That's just in time for their playoff run. So nothing really surprising there from the Nuggets. They're good. We know this. RJ Barrett was back from a one game illness. He had a good game with 26, 7, and 9. Kelly O'Linnick is somebody we probably need to talk about because Yacob Pirtle's done. I got kind of excited about Olynyk when I realized that Pirtle was done. Some people give me flack about that. Some people think it's fine, but I like Kelly Olynyk when he's getting minutes. He hit 9 and 13 shots, had 24 points at 6 boards. Kieran, is it Kelly Olynyk season? Yes. I I think if there ever was a time, it would be now. I know you mentioned, Pirtle is out, but so is Scottie Barnes. Last night, they were without Gary Trent and Emmanuel Quickley. I envision a lot of Raptors not playing it towards the end of the season again. Scotty or, Kelly Olenek just got paid a bunch of money, so they're gonna want him to be out of not a a bunch of money, a bunch of money for Kelly Olenek standards. But, you know, he's gonna be out there. He's gonna be facilitating, grabbing boards, hitting threes. There's if he's available on waivers, there's not many guys that have that kind of skill set right now. You know? So I I think it's Kelly Atlantic season, and roll with him if you got him. Yeah. I I mean, he's a guy that I'm gonna be looking at to replace Lively, when I pick up that center. It's it's one of those leagues, dude, where you waivers only happen, like, every 4 days. So you gotta put it in and sit there and wait 3 or 4 days to go by before it drives me nuts. I it just open up waivers. Let us pick up. Let us pick guys up. Grady Dick was in my DFS lineup last night as well. It sounds like we're talking about something other than fantasy basketball. Grady Dick had 17 points, 4 rebounds, 7 assists, 2 steals, 2 triples. Gary Trent Junior was out. Emanuel Quickley was out. I'm smart enough to know that that means somebody is going to have to step up in their place, and I figured it might be Grady Dick, and I rolled with it. And he had a great night. So, I think I saw in the Roadwire news feed that, quickly, he's gonna be out again. And I I think, like you said, a lot of these Raptors are gonna be missing time. So I don't I don't know that I hate Grady Dick as an actual just pick up right now. No. So a couple, like, when he first started getting playing time, I think this was about a month ago, like, almost 2 months ago. So, like, mid January, he started seeing, like, 15 minutes a game, And I'm in, like, a 16 team keeper league where you keep 9 players every year, and this was my 1st year in it, and I completely destroyed the team that I took over. Right? I I the only guy that I kept was Tyrese Maxey on, like, a $5 salary, and then I had Giannis, and I ended up flipping Giannis midway through the season because obviously my team isn't competing. But I drafted all top 5 rip the top 5 picks in the draft, Wenby, Scoot, Brandon Miller, and the Thompson Brothers. And so my team has been like exceeding expectations for a rebuild. Right? And I still have, like, one spot filled. And so in that, like, mid January when he started seeing 15 minutes, I picked him up right away as, like, a potential keeper for next year because, you know, he hits threes and who who knows what the Raptors are gonna be like. And that I've just felt more and more confident sliding him into my 9th keeper spot in that league. And now he's, like, generating relevance in standard 12 team leagues. This dude like, I know a lot of people are gonna give him flack for just being, like, a a shooter, but I think there's a lot more to his game, than people think. And with all of these injuries, like, I I would be fine rolling with him. I think I think it's a a risky play. He's gonna probably be a little hit or miss, but, he can definitely put up points in a hurry. Multiple 3 pointers in 1, 2, 3. In 12 of his last 16, shooting over 51% from the field during that stretch, I I think he's worth keeping an eye on in standard leagues. Alright. Let's move on to the Celtics and Blazers. We'll we'll run through these last few notes I've got written down here and then maybe answer a few questions before we get out of here. Celtics crushed the blazers, not surprisingly. The blazers and the grizzlies, man, I mean, I don't even know what you do with them as far as setting lineups or trying to plan in advance or what's gonna happen. I think you just kinda have to wait and see who who's gonna be out there for them, each night because it's it's it's something else. Jalen Brown at 27, Jason Tatum at 26. I rolled the dice, put Pritchard in my 30 team lineup because of all the injuries. Drew Holiday sat out. Pritchard started his 1st start of the season. He had 11 points, 8 boards, 8 assists. Al Horford had a full fun stat line because Porzingis was out. The Celtics are so good. They could just they could just put Porzingis in the house and holiday. Like they don't need either one of them. They can run both on the bench till the playoffs and not lose not even lose a step, or a game or anything else. Your guy, your high school was a teammate or rival? Teammate. Teammate. Hauser. Sam Hauser. Right? Yes, sir. 22 points last night. Sharpshooter. Let's go. He's, he he's been awesome. I mean, there's a there's a lot of, funny stats with him having, like, the best plus minus the last couple years, you know, because he he plays limited minutes at the end of and they bring out the shooters, so his stats get a little bit inflated when they're rolling out that small lineup, and he's hitting threes. I think, like, last year and this year, there's bad points where he's, like, led the NBA in plus minus, so that that always gives me a good chuckle. But he's just such a steady player and a a luxury to have off the bench, like you said, when you got 2 starters out and you can have a a guy like that who can just knock down open shots. Yeah. We're talking about Sam Hauser. You know, somebody's out there like, man, who are they talking about? It sounds awesome. I need to go pick him up. But no. I mean, if if the Celtics are gonna rest rest a bunch of guys, how's this gonna have a he's gonna have a good game. He's like Grady Dick for for the raptors sort of. The blazers got 22 and 15 from Deandre Ayton. Cam and I last Thursday had pretty much determined Ayton was done for the year, but, man, he he's looking good again. Simons had 17. Scoots back. I thought Scoot might be done. What what's going on in Portland? I I don't know. I I don't like you said, I don't know if we can trust any of this, but Deandre Ayton has 52 points and 34 rebounds over his last two games. That's pretty good. I don't know if this is sustainable. I'd this might just be, like, one last charge before they all get shut down again. He's only played in 42 games this year, so he's not chasing any awards or anything. Not like he would be in contention. Maybe there's just some Chauncey Billups old school mentality. Maybe we wanna build something for the future. See Scoot and Aiden on the floor together with, with Simons. But I I don't I I would obviously, if he's healthy and he's available, you're throwing 8 in the lineup after these last two performances, but I don't know if I can trust that. I don't I don't trust him. Hey. When you were talking about Wimby, did you did you mention the games played thresholds for the awards? Because the rookie of the year does not have games played. Okay. I I did mention that. I I just said that he had played in 60 or 57 games or whatever it was. I I wasn't sure if that was because I I was over here last week, blabbing all about how he's how he's gonna get 65 games. He's gonna get the award, and then people are like, dude, it doesn't matter if rookie of the year. Rookie of the year and, 6th man, I I think. I don't think those, you need a a minimum number of games to win those those awards. That that's fair. I think there's also like, if Victor was completely shut down right now and Chet went on to play all 82, I think there might be, like, a even if there wasn't, like, a rule about it, I think that might, like, sway some voters. You know? Oh, yeah. I, personally, I think, when he has done enough to to lock it up right now. But, like, Chad Chad on pace for 82 given all of the injury concerns and missing last season and even the injuries concerns coming in would be a a remarkable feat. It really would be. And I've got some teams. I did a mock with rotor wire with you guys. That mock draft we did, and I I drafted Luca, Chet, and Wimby on the same team, and then you guys, like, now we're not gonna play it out. It's just that team just sits out there wasting away, and I'm it's it's so beautiful. And there's somebody else. I think Jalen Williams is on that team. It's the most beautiful fancy basketball team I've ever seen, and it's all for nothing. Was that a fan tracks mock? No. It was a I think we did it on maybe it was, yeah, I think it was ESPN. Yeah. I I tweeted about it a couple weeks ago, and I was like, oh, man. This makes me so sad right now. What's that? Bengals trading Joe Mixon to Texans. Okay. Oh, by the way, we're all very excited here in in Atlanta to have your boy, Kirk Cousins, coming over. That's just fantastic. Actually, it's better than what we didn't Desmond Ritter, but So along with my NBA duties, I've I'm also the Atlanta Falcons' beat reporter for RotaWire. So I do I do a lot of Falcons updates for them. I I I think it's obviously a huge upgrade over the last couple of years, but I'm kind of you guys passed on Lamar Jackson last Lamar Jackson, dude, in 20 on Lamar last last season, and now you're giving Kirk Cousins' office. So stupid. So most of Falcon z thing ever. Yeah. I call it Falcon z. Alright. OG Anunoby comes back for the Knicks tonight. Hasn't played since January 27th. Good news for the Knicks and fantasy managers. Tyrese Maxey clears concussion protocol. He was out last week, which saved me. How big is the hit gonna be on Kelly Oubre and and, Buddy Hield, do you think? I if I had to guess, I think Hield was in the starting lineup on the last time they had the Lowry Maxey backcourt healthy, so they had Hield at the 3. I think he'll probably stays in the starting lineup. He'll get some looks. Oubre is just kind of one of those guys that it doesn't matter what his situation is. He could be starting and play in 40 minutes and go 2 for 10, and he could play 18 minutes off the bench and score 25. You know, he's just that hit or miss guy. So I think his his value kinda stays the same. Oubre's value stays the same. He'll probably drops just a little bit because he's kind of more of a checker when Maxi was out, but I don't think nothing too major for Uber. Any thoughts on Donovan Mitchell, Paul George, and Kawhi Leonard's injuries? I have not had a chance to scour the injury report this morning. So George so George and Kawhi set out the 2nd game of a back to back, and now they're listed questionable for this next game. If they're upgraded to available, I think we can just track those absences up as, like, maintenance. If they're ruled out, I'm gonna get a little concerned. Donovan Mitchell is concerning. That PRP injection, I feel like every time a player gets one of those, that's just gonna be a thing he's gonna have to deal with for the rest of the season. Right? Like, he's getting that immediate immediate, relief right now to feel better. But as soon as he gets back on the court, there's still gonna be, like, that little bit of thing. And I but I I think he'll he'll play and he'll play through it. I think there just might be some usual struggles. There there was an ESPN broadcast last time they're on. I think it was the Cavs and the Knicks, and the broadcast was talking about how before he got the injection, Mitchell was like, 9 out of 10 times, I would try to jump or I would try to shoot, and I would feel totally fine. And then that 10th time, I would just get no lift. And for a guy that explosive, that's, like, really concerning. Yeah. It is. I kinda think George and Kawhi are gonna play in the next one. But, yeah, I don't know. I I mean, it's Paul George and Kawhi Leonard. I mean, yeah, they've been great this year as far as playing through injuries, but that history is there and we're pretty deep into the season. I don't know, man. Yeah. They they missed another game. I'm I start to panic a little bit. The Lakers and the Timberwolves have 2 games this week. What a buzzkill. What a we we really need to talk to the NBA about not scheduling these 2 game weeks in the middle of playoff pushes in fantasy because I know they care a lot about us fantasy managers. But, and also Rudy Gobert mysteriously quietly absent right now after he did the, Johnny Manziel money sign of Scott Foster picked up a massive fine, and now he's he's just disappeared. I mean, is he secretly suspended? I don't I don't know. But everybody in this game, everybody for the bulls right now is kinda iffy. Cat's out for the regular season. Gobert's hurt. Kyle Anderson's hurt. Your guy, your MVP, Ant Edwards is iffy with a shoulder injury. So Naz Reed Naz Reed has been super fun. Silly season waiver wire pickup of the year, maybe. Absolutely. I sorry. I had to mute myself. My cat was going a little crazy on his scratching post. I don't wanna annoy to listeners. But, yeah, Nasrid is is phenomenal. I feel like there's always just kinda been that long jam since Gobert got there where he like, his production is, like, a little bit limited, and now we get the the full Nasrid experience. I'm here for it. Last thing we're gonna then we're gonna answer a couple questions. Cam and I got into this last Tuesday. That's Thursday. If you get the number one number one pick in your fantasy draft, and let's say you only have one league, so you only get to make make the number one pick one time. Who are you taking number 1 next year? I'm taking Wembi. I know, I was on the SiriusXM RotoAir, show a couple months ago, and this was kind of what like, when Wenby was still being limited to, like, 27 minutes after his first ankle injury. And I was, like, I would say top 3. Right? I think you got Jokic and you got Shea as the 1 and 2, and then, there's a couple injury concerns with, like, with, Anthony Davis and whatever. But I I'm taking Wimby at number 1 overall, man. Look. He his he has played over 35 minutes only 3 times this year. If he ever gets to averaging 33, 34 minutes a game, they're the numbers are gonna go through the roof. 5 the potential for 5 plus 3 pointers and 5 plus blocks every game is just ridiculous. And 5 steals. Yeah. There's it it's it's ridiculous. He can do everything. Obviously, like, there's probably a little more, safety net with a guy like Jokic or, Shea, but, you know, it's it's fantasy fantasy sports. It's gambling to hit. There's a reason you do it. You got you gotta swing big. You gotta win it all. Right? Well, yeah. And, I mean, I took Wimby everywhere I could get him this year because I I was like, I don't care if he's as thin as a beanpole. I don't care if he plays for pop. I'm taking Holmgren, and I'm taking Wimby every chance I get, and I'm gonna run him out there. And and I'm doing I'm having a really good year. And I don't usually roll with rookies, but Wembley's different, man. I and I've I've been telling people about Wembley. You know, people who don't really know anything about basketball, I've been telling telling them about this guy for, like, 2 or 3 years. And they're like, oh, man. That kid you told me about is really good, didn't he? And they're like, yeah. And, I mean, if I get the number one pick, I'm taking Wimby as well. Now having said that, after last night when Matt Smith and his Nikola Jokic squad ran over me and my guys and holds a 6 three lead after Monday, I'm having some second thoughts, especially when he doesn't play tonight. But by the time next year gets here, like you said, all he needs is 30 minutes a night and to play every every night, and it's it's gonna be over. Yeah. And and nobody can guard him. He doesn't have to jump to block shots. He doesn't have to move to steal the ball. I mean, everything he does, he just sort of Yeah. Just goes and gets it. He doesn't really even need to be athletic with it. It's just nuts. Well, and, when Sangoon had that 45 piece against him the other day, everyone's like, oh, Tsangoon was dominating him down low, but when we had 7 blocks in that game, man. Like, I I get that Tsangoon probably got the better of the matchup that night. But for to say that it was, like, all one-sided, like, when we was still getting his, like and like you said, it's it's like a a a dad. It's like when the NBA players have those camps, and there's, like, the 5 year old said they're like, oh, I got crossed over. Just kidding. Get out of here. Right. When he's up against the guard, it looks like a dad against a 3 year old. And then when he's up against shingoon, it looks like a big brother against the little brother and he was blocking shingoon shots without even jumping. So whatever. Alright. Jeff Martin wants to know is are Evan Mobley and Vince Williams drops? I dropped Vince Williams reluctantly because I want all these 4 game guys for the playoffs. So I was I was picking up, you know, some of the players that we've talked about on this podcast today, and making moves. And I I dropped Vince Williams. Mobley, I know some people are fired up about him coming back. I don't know, man. I mean, I don't know much I don't know that much about Mobley's injury. So yesterday, there was an update that he was, like, took off the walking boot, and he wasn't in, like, on crutches anymore, which is, like, a really good sign, but, like, that also means that he's probably still multiple weeks away. So if you, like you know, the playoffs are starting next week. If you are, like, need to, like I mean, it's playoffs start next week. You need to win. I think if there's a player that you think can start for you and perform for you, a 4 game player or something like that, Mobley is definitely droppable. Williams, like you said, would be a little more reluctant just because of his production recently, but you can't trust the grizzlies at all. So if there's a a a And now he's hurt. Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah. And I that's what I'm saying is I think, like, is he really hurt? Like, are all of those grizzlies hurt? What are they what are they feeding them if they're all hurt? So, like, he could be shut down for the rest of the season no matter what. And if he's playing, like, I would be fine having him, but, you know, there's, like, a back to back set and you have him on a 4 game week and he only plays 3, like, there's probably another better option out there in 10 or 12 team leagues. Yeah. There there are teams that are being competitive and trying to do things, where you can get players from, where you don't have to mess with this Portland Memphis thing because it's it sucks, frankly. Dub Force wants to know, Eamon Thompson, Sarah Thompson, Gigi Jackson, or Paul Reed needing a replacement for Trey Mann. Which one of those 4 guys do you like best? It it depends on what kind of league this is. You're dropping Trey Mann, so I would just like and you're gonna try to pick up Paul Reed. That would be kind of interesting. Like, we talked about Eamon earlier. He might be getting some more run with Sangoon out. As far as Ben point like, starting now, but then he had this illness that he should be back. Gigi Jackson, we've been talking about Memphis all season. Can you trust him when he's in? I'd probably I think Paul Reed is probably the safest move here. I don't know how that would work with, like, your roster or what kind of league, but I think Paul Reed is like he he's kind of a hit or miss player, but I think he's the safest among these because all 4 of these are hit or miss guys. I had pretty big concerns about Paul Reed a couple weeks ago, but he sort of eased my fears. He's playing better. We know Embiid's not coming back anytime soon. I mean, I in my opinion, it's it's Paul Reed, b ball Paul all day right there. Yeah. Delroy, Scarlett, should I drop Julius, Randall, and Chingu? If so, what are possible replacements? Curious, and I don't know about you, but, super open ended questions like this drive me nuts. Well, sure. You wanna you wanna pick up Larry Bird and and Michael Jordan, and and Kevin Durant. I mean, it it all depends on who's available in your league, obviously. But, I mean, I think it's safe to drop Shen Yun at this point. I don't know. I've looked at Randall lately, but There was a Shams had a on his, like, little run it back fan duel show. He said OG Aninobi was gonna be coming back tonight, but then he also said Julius Randle was a couple, still quite a ways away. So I think you're fine to drop both of these guys. And, for potential pickups, we talked about, like, Kelly Olynyk. That that's the guy if he's available in that league, I think he would be a perfect replacement for either of those guys for this for the playoffs. Olynyk, yeah. And and really go out there and look at that, the the game scheduler, like, how how many games everybody plays per week. Like, put Pajemski, like we talked about, plays 4 games every week the rest of the season. Yeah. Figure out what works best in your league. Figure out who's hot. Figure out whose position's not in the most, you know, danger, and then make moves. But and go back and listen to this podcast again because I can't tell you everybody we talked about off top of my head, but we talked about a lot of pickups Definitely. Today and guys who can help your team. So, yeah, I think we both agree based on the update from Keri and I just got on Julius Randle that you can drop both of those dudes and pick somebody else up. Michael Chang says thoughts on Evan Mobley coming back by next week or so. We talked about that. Trey man. Where is Trey man? Is he alive? It where is Trey man alive? Well, he plays for Charlotte, so I I don't know if he's gonna be coming back at all. I think I I'm just looking to see how many games he's missed at this point. He's missed 3 games. That's not like a huge, like, shutdown factor or whatever. But like we said with Mutridge playing well, there's just no reason to, like, really, like, mess up a good thing. Obviously, like, I I know that guys, like, liked his, like, immediate production right away, when he after the trade dot deadline when he, like, came. But over over his, like, last 6 appearances, he's only averaging, like, 10 points and 4 assists. So he wasn't Treyman wasn't like this guy that's, like, gonna come back and, like, save you. I Mitra just putting up better numbers, over these last 3 games. So, like, I don't think you you gotta be, like, holding on tight to Treyman coming back and saving your fantasy team. Last one, Michael Chang, who asked that question about Evan Mobley. He's out of by week next week Oh. Before when the playoffs start. In that case, I think I would be hanging on to to Evan Mobley. Yeah. Definitely. I think that Yeah. The rest of this week, you got all of next week, and then you'll have news by the end of next week, so you'll know something. Yeah. I think that's perfect. You 2 2 weeks, and you'll you'll get an update. And then, you know, he might still be limited when he comes back, but I think you'll at least have an update before then. And then red swine too says, is Scoot Henderson worth pick up in Yahoo Points League? I don't know, man. It's Portland. Like a and like I said, Chaunce I feel like Chauncey Billups might wanna just, like, see what they got in these these young core for a 10 game stretch because they really haven't been able to get it out. I'm a huge scoot homer. I follow the g league really closely, and he was just such a baller in the g league last year. I had really high hopes for him. Obviously, it's been sporadic, so I'm a little biased. I I I would I think Scoot could be a guy that, like, makes a huge impact in the playoffs, but he could also be a guy that lose it fails miserably. Yeah. I don't think he's a must have player right now, but I think he's certainly worth keeping an eye on. I mean, I'm kinda surprised he's back. Yeah. And I think we were all kinda g league watchers last year. At least, I watched 22 games when Scoot I guess it wasn't g league. But when Scoot and, and when we played each other, I was like, oh, I'm actually gonna watch off season basketball. This is weird. So I I an anti g league guy. That, that was Summer league. That was, like, the summer league. Yeah. We were doing, like, our Vegas rotor wire goes to Vegas, during, like, the MLB all star break for, like, a little convention sort of deal. And I was on the I was on my plane to Vegas during that game, and we had a TV on our flight. And my monitor wasn't working, so I'm, like, leaning over this old lady next to me trying to watch when we and Scoop play because that was, like, the highlight of the whole summer. Oh, that's a great way to end the show, dude. That's funny. Alright. Well, Kerian, thanks for being here. Your last name is Spretcher. Right? Yes, sir. And, you are the rotor wire guy, you and Alex and Nick. I'm just I'm just a guy. You guys are the guys. And, this was fun, man, and thanks for doing it with me. Thanks to our sponsor, smart bracket. Rick Kamla and I will be here Thursday morning at 11 AM. We're gonna do this all over again. Awesome. Sounds good, man. Talk to you soon. Thank you. See you. Peace.