Hey, everybody. I'm doctor a Steve Alexander. It's Tuesday, January 30th. Welcome to the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Hoops podcast brought to you by Underdog and FanDuel. This is Jonas. I used to work with him in NBC. We have a lot to cover, after a really busy 24 team Monday night. Did somebody say Ben Simmons? Mike Simmons. Jonas, you tried to jump the gun there, my man. Jump the gun, man. Well, you know, it's a very complicated, very, intense process, and, you know, I do all the production myself here and that, you know, I sometimes it's I just make things more complicated than it needs to be. I know how it is, man. How many pods have we done together? What? 2, 300 roughly? Yeah. More than Ben Simmons games played essentially. Right? Yeah. More than more, we've done more pods than Ben Simmons has made Fritos, and we will do more pods today than Ben Simmons will make a 3 pointer this season. That's right. Jonas, Ben Simmons played basketball last night. He made 5 of 5 shots. He had 10 points, 8 rebounds, 11 assists, a steal, and a block. He played 18 minutes. It was a Brooklyn romp. I mean, they destroyed Utah 147 to 114. I'm getting text messages from famous rock stars at, like, 2 in the morning. Like, did you see what Ben Simmons did? And I've I'm I'm seeing headlines on big huge websites like Ben Simmons looks amazing. Did this Ben Simmons thing move the needle for you at all on him? Honestly, a little bit. I mean, think about it. 0 turnovers. He pushed the pace, looked explosive. And, I mean, if you look at the Nets the last 2 months, like, they're probably the least happy fan base. I know you have an argument for Atlanta. You got Charlotte, but, like, the fan base is irritated. They need something to get excited about, and I feel like this front office is gonna lean on Ben Simmons to be that excitement factor because, like, we can't continue to see Dinwiddie shoot 20 shots a game and make 3 of them. You know what I mean? The the the nets need something. They don't even have their own 1st round pick this year. They gotta, you know, lean their hopes on something, and it's gonna be Ben Simmons. The question is is how many games is he actually gonna play? You know, that we're halfway through the season. The over under is probably gonna be set around 20, honestly, for him. So, total wildcard to see what happens, but if you have them, you even stash them. I know you're excited right now. Well, to quote myself at 2 o'clock in the morning replying to Brian from Guster, I could not care less. No, I mean it is interesting. But, you know, we heard all the same garbage about Ben Simmons in the preseason. Oh, he looks great. He's pushing, he's pushing the pace. He's running the floor. He's getting rebounds. He's getting assists. Still can't hit a 3 pointer. He still can't make a free throw. Shooting is not gonna be 5 for 5 every night. He's there's still a lot of other mouths to feed in Brooklyn. You know, I I need to see it a few more times before I'm going to get excited. And even even if things do go well from here on in, I mean, he's still gonna hurt you in those other categories, and I'm just I'm I'm done, Jonas. I'm I'm just done. I'm out. I mean, your excitement level is a lot more than it was 2 days ago. Right? It's a step in the right direction. I mean, it's the first time we said Ben Simmons name in a long time. So Right. Alright. So here's what I'm taking away from this. I am not running to the waiver wire or walking there to get Ben Simmons. You, on the other hand, would put him on a roster in the right situation. Is that correct? Absolutely. And I still have him too. I have him in 1 9 cap league and have him in 1 points league, and that's the one where I'm most excited about because, like, his steals and blocks numbers haven't been there this year. But, like, in previous years, he was the kind of guy that can get you probably about 2 combined steals and blocks in, like, 30 minutes. So like I said, my excitement's a lot more than it was 2 days ago, but I still have my hesitations about how many games he'll actually play. Yeah. I can get behind him in a in a points league a lot more than I can, in any other type of league. So I can at least get with you on that. Meanwhile, your man, Spencer Dinwiddie, who has been hit or miss all season. He's kind of been in kind of a mini disaster, I think. Right. 0 for 52 points, 8 assists. Dennis Smith junior, 12 points, 5 assists. Lonnie Walker, 19 off the bench. Cam Thomas is back to being good cam again. I'm sure that means bad cam is just around the corner. He had 25, 7 rebounds, 4 triples. So normally when Spencer Dinwiddie seems to be going away, Dennis Smith junior is kinda like coming on. But now with Ben Simmons in the middle of all this, they're all a little bit messier than they were before. Yeah. But if you rewind to the beginning of the season when Ben was actually playing, they were really hyping up the combo between Ben Simmons and Cam Thomas. Like, they were really talking up those 2 playing together. So in terms of excitement going forward, I would have, Cam Thomas, number 1, Ben Simmons, number 2, I think Lonnie Walker, number 3, and I think Dinwiddie, number 4. Like, I still think there's gonna be plenty of minutes for Lonnie Walker because you have to factor this too. The trade deadline's in, what, less than 2 weeks. Royce O'Neill's gone. Right? Doreen Fenny Smith's probably gone. There's gonna be a ton of minutes in Brooklyn. And then that's gonna open things up for Dennis Smith junior as well, who's had some really good moments this season. Just he's had trouble staying healthy. So there's a lot to like about Brooklyn at this trade deadline for Fantasy coming up. Alright. Jonathan Isaac last night started for the Orlando Magic. People are loaded up on him and FanDuel and other DraftKings and and whatnot. 2 points, nothing else. 8 minutes. Unknown injury, Jonas, according to rotor wire news feed. Pretty sad. It was his first start in what, like, four and a half years or something. Right. So I I think people were getting excited about it. And John Isaac for me falls in the same into the same bin as Ben Simmons. Wake me up when, you know, when something good happens for an extended period of time. I do feel bad. They got hurt. I do feel bad. It didn't work out. Also Anthony Black kind of caught fire, but that team has 4 point guards. So Yep. I don't know that you can really get excited about anyone, but any thoughts on any anything to do with the Magic last night? You know, I guess wish they would have said upfront that Isaac was gonna play 8 minutes. I think the undisclosed unknown injury is BS if I'm being honest. I feel like this was a plan from the get go. Hey. We're gonna let you play in the back to back, but it's only gonna be one stint, and you we're gonna call it done. Right? The NBA's injury reporting has made it so you can just make up an injury on the whim, and there's just no accountability. You know what I mean? We've seen it with Embiid. We've seen it with Portland. There's just no accountability. Sometimes they'll throw a fine here and there, but it's a joke. You know, you can just say knee soreness or injury management and then pull a player. So I just wish they would have been upfront with what they were gonna do, but at some point, I do feel like Isaac is gonna be unleashed, but I still think we're at least a month away from that happening. I feel like we're more like Couple years? 8 months, 10 months, next year, next season. Little late side note. I saw on Twitter last night. Jalen Williams got hurt at the end of the OKC game, sprained his right ankle, could not put weight on it. That sounds terrible. Yeah. To me, that means he's gonna miss a week or 2, if I'm guessing. But we don't have that timetable yet. He he could be fine. It, you know, it could be situation where it really doesn't swell very very much overnight. But either way, are you a Lou Dort guy or an Isaiah Joe guy? I'm gonna be a bit of a a wild card here and say neither and go with Kaysen Wallace. Not the most exciting player, but because it'll do low usage, obviously. But over the last 2 weeks, he's a 10th round value and 19 minutes per game, 7 points, 3 rebounds, 1.3 assist, 1.3 steals, 0.4 blocks, and 1.4 triples. That's in 19 minutes. That's on 61% shooting from the field. Like, his shooting this entire season has been unreal. And he's just one of those guys where, like, in 2, 3 years, you're just asking yourself, how the heck did the Thunder get this guy? You know what I mean? Like, they're just gonna be so ridiculously loaded in 2, 3 years when these guys mature, and it's just scary. Like, we're talking multiple finals runs for OKC, in my opinion, in the next couple years. That's a solid take. I I'm gonna go with, Isaiah Joe, but I I think, I like Kaysen Wallace maybe more than, Lou Doer. Isaiah Joe is kind of sort of a 3 point machine Mhmm. When he gets opportunities. And, hopefully, Jalen's not hurt me and I love Jalen. I know he's a stud man. Jonas. I got a new microphone. I just broke it out today for the first time ever and check this out. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code RW NBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code RW NBA to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. Phenomenal. The I think you have the same microphone as me. You got the YETI. Right? I got something. I don't know. I I think it is the YETI. I found it in a box. Nice. That's the one we got from RotoWorld. That was our gift back in the day. You know what else I found? I I've I had a a dude coming over to my office yesterday to help me set up some stuff. I got a new chair. I might be I might be doing my own podcast on Wednesdays from this very spot. I don't know. Nice. But he was helping me, and I found 2 Taylor Swift calendars Okay. Under a blanket and a pile of crap on a bed that is to my right in my office. And I bought those, like, in October for my daughter's Christmas gifts. So I presented those. I presented those a month late to my daughters as their Christmas gift yesterday, you know, to help celebrate. We just can't have enough Travis Kelce in our lives, Jonas. I'm so sorry. Okay. Moving on to Dallas. Jonas, why does Grant Williams suck? Dude, he's so bad. Like, when you told me about that stat line, like, I knew he had a good game the other day, but I did not know it was that good. But then I looked over the month. Right? So in the month of January, check this out. This is after he had that 27 point game. He's at 6.9 points, 2.8 rebounds, 2.1 assists, 1.3 triples. The dude is terrible at Fantasy Basketball. Absolutely terrible. But he wasn't in Boston. I mean, he wasn't great either, but, yeah, I agree. He's definitely gone way downhill. You know, a lot of these games, but the good game I was speaking of. The good game was 27 points, 8 rebounds, 3 steals, a block, and 7 3 pointers on Saturday against the Kings. Mhmm. And then everybody fires him up last night, and he has 3 points and 2 boards in 29 minutes. So bad. So so bad. Meanwhile, Tim Hardaway junior scored 36. Derek Lively had 20 and 11, a steal on a block. Luca Luca had 45915 and 2. Jonas, you've had some time to think about this for 5 years. Who do you think won the, Luca for Trey trade? Can you just rewind about 4 or 5 years ago, though? People were actually asking this question, and they're like, you know, I feel like both teams won this trade. And it just sounds so idiotic now. Like, Trae Young's just like a a traffic cone on defense. He's not playing winning basketball. He's complaining. He's been whining about his head coaches for the past 4 years. Apparently, he likes Quinn Snyder though, so good for him. But, man, if anyone still says that's a win win trade, don't take them serious. You know? Jonas, I was at the game on Friday when, when Lucas scored 73, and I've I've never seen anything like it. Yep. It was awesome. And my son got to hang out with Dominique. So that was cool. Jaden Hardy last night, hit 8 of 9 and 4 triples, 20.7 boards, a steal in the block. Can't really trust him on any given night unless Luca is not playing. I think Jaden Hardy is fine to throw in there. And Jaden Hardy is worth keeping an eye on because he's a good player. Yeah. And if Dante Exum goes down or if Tim Hardaway junior goes down or, Derrick Jones junior goes down. I mean, Hardy's gonna be in the mix. So, I've got him on my 30 deep team. I like having him there. He's on my bench, unfortunately, but, he's a guy worth keeping an eye on too. Funny story about Jaden Hardy, doc. Yeah. It's here. Mavericks. About every week or so, they do these 1 v ones at practices, and apparently, Hardy just cooks everybody during those. So little fun sides for there. Like like you said, he is a true baller. The issue is is we don't we don't know when Kyrie's gonna come back. Like, we always hear day to day, and then it ends up being 4 or 5 games and then 10 games. You know what I mean? So whenever Irving's out, you could pick up Hardy. But if Irving and Luka are out, man, this is a guy that could pop off for 30 in any given night. So you're absolutely right. Julius Randle, separated shoulder from the Knicks. I I said that I thought Josh Hart was gonna be the guy. He had 8 points, 12 boards, 7 assists in 39 minutes last night. Dante Divincenzo had 28.6 boards, 5 assists, 5 triples, 42 minutes, precious, Chua started at 9 and 5 and 33 minutes. Isaiah Hartenstein is back, had 10 points, 4 boards in 16 minutes. What is your take on the fill ins besides the obvious, Jalen Brunson's gonna go nuts? Yeah. The issue here is that most of the guys you mentioned are already, you know, gone. Right? Dante DiVincenzo was a hot pickup several several weeks ago. Josh Hart should have already been picked up even though he can't shoot the ball this season. Precious is just okay. You know, you're not gonna be excited about having him on your team, but he's just a warm body getting a ton of minutes. I think the player that everybody should be watching is Quentin Grimes. You know, Decent limited minutes sometimes this season. Sometimes he complete disappears for weeks. So Grimes, 32 minutes yesterday, took 11 shots, didn't play that great, but, hey, those minutes are there. I think Grimes is kind of that that borderline ad you're looking at over the next couple weeks because because we don't really have a concrete timetable on Randall. It could be anywhere from 2 weeks to what? 6 weeks. It's just not really clear it not really clear yet. So Yeah. They haven't really come out and said, but, I picked up Josh Hart, the day after Randall went down. Yeah. I was close to dropping Divincenzo about 12 different times Right. This season. So Like you did. So he may be available out there. I'm not messing with the Chua. Right. Hartman, I think, once he gets back to full strength, it's fine to get back in the lineup. He he just it's gonna take him a minute to get back. He he's been out a while. And the yeah. I I like the minutes that the Vincenzo and and Josh Hart got. And Right. You know, Thibodeaux won't be afraid to run those guys into the ground. Alright. We gotta talk about Charlotte. What's that? So we gotta talk about Charlotte. There's a lot going on there. Well, let's talk about Charlotte. Brandon Miller went on a 4 straight run, game run of 20 points or more. And then he had, like, 5 and 12 in back to back games and really cooled off. And then last night, he went off again with 29 points and 7 boards. I feel like Charlotte is going to fold up the tent this, you know, the second half of the season, and they're just gonna let Miller go out there and do whatever he wants. I think I think Brandon Miller is going to blow up in the second half. Yep. Here's the thing. So I think Miles Bridges is gone. I think the Phoenix rumors are very, very real. I agree. I think PJ Washington, he's gone, and I feel like Nick Nick Richards is gone as well. So that's 3 players that are gonna need heavy minutes right now on top of all the injuries. Who's left? You know what I mean? It's gonna be Miller. Miller's gonna get a ton of minutes. The the bad news about him is, like, the defense, it's been good in flashes, but the defensive numbers are not that great. You know, last 7 games he's at, what is it, 0.6 deals, 0.4 blocks, like, that's not good enough. But other than that, 20.4 points, 2.6, 3 pointers, 5 rebounds, almost 3 assists. Everything else is fine. It's just like he's a what would you call him? Harrison Barnes 2.0 right now? Because the defensive test just haven't been good enough. But It depends on if you're talking about, the Harrison Barnes from 2 weeks ago or the current Harrison Barnes. I know. That throws off that throws it off. Yeah. Nick Nick Richards, I think is interesting. Him and him and PJW both went off on, what, Saturday, and then they both kinda stunk last night, but whatever. Do you think LaMelo's gonna get traded? No. No. Absolutely not. Can you imagine so I'm from Charlotte. You know, I live, like, 45 minutes from the arena. He is the only player I would say him and Miller, the only players that Trello Hornet fans care about. If they traded Ball, who are we trading him for, first of all? You know what I mean? Like, there's just no scenario in which he's gone. Obviously, you're concerned about the ankles, but especially with this draft coming up, it's not that exciting. I can't imagine any scenario in which LaMelo has traded. I just can't. Is there anybody else on Charlotte that you would like? You cut out the very last second. Anyone else in Charlotte what? Uh-oh. Hold on. Your Internet cloud version is on hand. You're back. You're back. Here we go. We're back. Is there anybody else in Charlotte you wanna talk about? No. Because else in Charlotte you wanna talk about? Because there's no one else on the team. That's good. You know what I mean? There's if they traded if they traded 3 of those guys that I just mentioned, who are you picking up? There's nobody. You know? I mean, obviously, you have players coming back in trades, but right now, there's nobody. So did you bite on the Sam Merrill bait a week ago? I didn't. I wish I did at the time, and then now I don't feel so bad that I don't have them, if that makes sense. Because like you said, he has cooled off a bit. He scored in double figures in 5 straight games, then he had 7 points in 17 minutes, like, on Saturday, and then 0 points in 7 minutes last night. They pulled the plug on him. I didn't read about an injury. I think it you know, everybody's getting healthy in Cleveland and maybe maybe the party's over. Or was it ever a party to begin with for some reason? On the season on the season, he's 43% from deep. That's insane. Like, the kid can play, but if the minutes aren't there, what are you doing? Because there's nothing else in the stat sheet that really pops out. Decent playmaker, not the worst rebounder in the world, for a guard. But, yeah, I think the show is over for now. Yeah. It's kinda sad. I I dropped him, I dropped him to activate Tyrese Halliburton off the injured list last night. Gotcha. Jonas, why can't Zion Williamson ever do anything right? I don't even know where to begin, man. We've been waiting for Zion to put together a consistent season since his rookie year, and he just hasn't. I just don't know if it's ever gonna happen for him, man. What's your take on Zion? He's played 11 games in January. The most rebounds he's had in one of those games is 6. He's the biggest guy out there. He's a power forward. You know, he his scoring is fine. Right? His scoring right now is fine. His health is fine. It seems like everything is coming together. Everything's coming up roses, but then he gets 3 rebounds a game. He's blocked 2 shots in his last 8 games. He's at 13 pointer in January. He's not really a very good free throw shooter. Mhmm. It's just it's just points in a bunch of bunch of stuff that doesn't really matter. This is what I don't get. So I'm a I'm a Duke fan, always have been. And I remember watching him at Duke, and there was one game where I think Duke was losing by, like, 15 or 20 points against Louis, Louisville. Right? And so they put Zion at center, and then Louisville doesn't score for, like, 6 or 7 minutes because Zion is just blocking and stealing everything. It's just like, where is that guy? You know what I mean? We just haven't seen it. Like, ever since he entered the NBA, steal rate plummeted, block rate plummeted. He's obviously not in great shape. Like, it's just a shame. Like, the player we saw at Duke would be terrorizing the NBA right now, and he's just he's just not the same guy. I just don't get it. Yeah. I'm not I'm I'm I'm out on Zion. Unless he really, like, changes his entire lifestyle and he comes back when one after an off season, he looks like a totally different player and he's Right. The motors back and his, you know, he's talking the right game. Like, I I just I can't do it, man. It's If it's not happening in New Orleans, just get him out of there, you know, Maybe the grass is greener elsewhere. His name is so much bigger than his game. It really is. That's a good way to put it. Literally. Tackle 1,000,000 of dollars in prizes, all playoffs long, and FanDuel Fantasy Contest. If you're new to Fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now new customers get a 100% deposit match up to $100. Playing fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. Plus on FanDuel, you can choose from full slate contest featuring multiple games, single game contests, season long baseball contests, beginner only contests, which are great for learning the ropes, and more. And when you win, you get paid instantly. So kick off your FanDuel career with a 100% deposit match up to $100. Go to fanduel.com to start playing for huge cash prizes today. Jonas, as I was sat down at 4 o'clock in the morning after a after a nice nap, I kinda checked out. I I kinda checked out last night. Didn't really stay up and watch any of the late games. Although there weren't really any 2 late games, were there? But I learned at 4 AM that Grace and Allen only played 13 minutes due to a sprained right ankle. I've got Grace and Allen about everywhere. Is there some sort of group therapy meeting you know of that I can go to? Unfortunately, no. And it's funny because I feel like Grayson Allen is the is the guy that nobody was on coming into the year. Do you know what I mean? Like, no one expected this Grayson Allen. Last I looked, he was, like, near the leaders among 3 point percentage, and it's, like, heavy heavy volume as well. And then you start seeing all these trade rumors about Grayson, and I'm like, why? He's Phoenix's best role player. Why is he in trade rumors? So that was odd to me. But like I said, I hope he doesn't miss any time because the dude is an absolute baller right now. And Dude, I think he was the only guy in the NBA shooting 50, 40, 90 jeez. 10 days ago. That is insane. So and and then it's interesting too because he's 28. He's kinda like yeah. That reputation being kinda dirty and Right. Nobody really liked Grayson Allen. Well, I haven't seen him do anything shady for a while. Mhmm. And, you know, it's like, oh, Bradley Beal is coming back. Bye bye, Grayson Allen. No, he's not going away. So it's it's pretty bizarre. Also, Grayson Allen goes down last night and guess who went nuts? Eric Gordon, 23 points, 5 triples, 4 rebounds, 5 assists, 2 steals, and 2 blocks. That's that's crazy. If Allen's gonna miss time, it's it's, Eric Gordon's season again. Right? Apparently, but he was missing an action for about a good month there. You know, how many games did Eric Gordon have where he was putting up 5 or 6 points and then, you know, you hear all the rumors about him not being utilized enough? Well, dude, get in line. You've got Durant. You've got Booker. You've got Beal. Like, get in line. So so yeah. So we need to keep an eye on Grace and Allen's status. Jaime Hawkeyes, since returning from his injury, 2 games, he's averaging 4 points, 2 boards, 2 and a half assists, 1 and a half steals, 24 and a half minutes. Did we lose our beloved Jaime Haquez, or is he just on a break and he'll be back good as new here in a minute? I think this is a great Bilo opportunity, honestly, because you gotta factor in Jimmy Butler. What? There's how many games left? 35, 42. Who knows at this point? But Jimmy Butler is gonna miss 1 in 3 games most likely. This is just what he does. Right? Obviously, Terry Rozier there throws a wrench into things. But, man, Jaime, at one point, he was like the leading scorer in the clutch. You know? At one point, I think it was in December or something like that, he was just playing almost every minute for Miami. I I still think the screen's by low. He's getting healthy again. By low for me for sure. I I like that take. I mean, he's such an integral part of what they do. You know, we've been saying it all year. It really doesn't look like a rookie out there with the heat. He's kind of a team leader. Eric Spoelstra loves him. His teammates love him. It's been a rough couple games and, you know, sometimes sometimes players get hurt and it takes them a long time to get back. Sometimes they get hurt and you never see them again that season. I don't think we're there with Jaime. It's just a slow start. So Right. I I agree with Jonas. Now is probably a good time to look into trying to acquire Jaime haka's. The Houston Rockets rocked the Lakers last night, 135 to 119. Alpi Shingoon has become the monster we thought he was going to Jonas 3 years ago. 3112 7, 2 steals a block. And then there's Cam Whitmore, 20 points, 6 boards, 2 triples. His last 4 games, he scored 2019, 24, and 12. He's actually had a pretty big month. I mean, there's some single digit scoring games in there, but there's also a lot of double digit scoring games. I I think Whitmore is one of those guys that's available in a ton of leagues and should be near the top of people's list to pick up off the waiver wire in my opinion. Right. And the thing about Cam Whitmore too is if Jalen Green hadn't found his form, you know, his recent form has been actually really good. If Jalen Green hadn't found his form in the last couple weeks, imagine where Whitmore would be right now. You You know what I mean? He's had these little bursts here and there, with an inconsistent role. But can you imagine if Jalen Green had continued his downward trend, you know, up until now, Whitmore would be playing a ton of minutes and would be putting, like, top 75 numbers. But, unfortunately, Jalen Green did heat back up. So I still think we're gonna see a sporadic role going forward, and that's unfortunate because he is a baller. What is going on with Jalen Green? Like, where did this come from? Like, what what happened? No idea. Like, there was a couple of articles in the athletic about, you know, coach losing confidence in him and all this good stuff. And then he comes up with a a 10 rebound game. You know, energy's been a lot better on the defensive end. So credit to him, man. He's really turned it on. So I'm excited about that, especially since having so many dynasty leagues. What's going on with the Lakers, dude? LeBron, AD, and D'Angelo all scored 23 points last night, which is hard to do. It's hard to have your big three score 23. Okay. But that's about all that went right. They're ruining Austin Reeves, as we sit here and watch. What what is going on? Well, I'll tell you this. It's hard to have team chemistry when your team is linked to every single available star or role player in the NBA. Like, let's say there's 500 players in the NBA. I think 400 of them have been photoshopped into a Lakers uniform and put into a trade rumor in the last 2 weeks. It's just like, how do you have team chemistry when half your team's on the block? You know what I mean? It's just I don't get it. You know, speaking of half your half your team's been photoshopped into a different uniform. I was talking to this bartender at a restaurant the other night, local restaurant. She's like, yeah, my brother, is in college and he's become one of the top graphic artists for NFL. And I'm like, what do you mean? She's like, you up. Well, when it's rumored that a player is going to get trade to an our team, he changes their uniforms and she pulled up this video on her phone, like showed it to me and she has all these Instagram followers. Like he got hired by the Falcons. He's just this college kid that puts, jerseys on players. Like, that's that's where we are kids. Today's world, you can do anything. You just gotta be you just gotta be the first one there. Okay. Are you a pickup of grizzly any grizzly guy right now, Jones? Okay. You did this last year with the thunder. Right? Pick a thunder, any thunder. I love it. Yeah. I mean, the Grizzlies are probably the hardest team to gauge right now. Right? Because, like, 2, 3 weeks ago, you everyone's, like, they're thrown in the towel. It's over. And then they went on this win streak, and now they're back in the, you know, the playoff picture. It's, like, what direction are they gonna go? And I feel like I I usually have a pretty good read on these things. I have no idea. I have no idea. I mean, do they strap in and go for the 8 c just to get completely clobbered in the 1st round, 4 0? Maybe? Or do they just throw in the towel and try and get a, you know, a relatively high pick and a mediocre draft? Those are their two options right now. And if they choose the draft route, I know you put this in the notes for a pod, what happens to jjj? Do they completely shut them down? I don't think so, but I don't think he plays in back to backs. I think as minutes go down to 27, 28 per game just like they were a couple years ago, and I I start thinking we see some fake injuries as well. Like, we've already seen some fake injuries in Memphis. Right? I mean, you can't have 3 players show up with left hand soreness with doubtful tags, you know, on a random Monday night. This just stuff doesn't happen like that. So that's the reason I'm thinking they're leaning more towards tearing it down and going for the draft. That's where I'm leaning. Now. What about you? Yeah. I'm still worried about Triple J being shut down your guy. But yeah, no Vince Williams last night, which crushed my soul. No Luke Kennard again. Santee Aldama played okay. Xavier Towing played okay. Roddy David Roddy played okay. Scottie Pippen junior played okay. Gigi, Jackson looked good. Are you a Gigi Jackson guy? Honestly, I am. I feel like he still has that kind of mystery box upside. I feel like he's someone that can take on a ton of usage. It's gonna be a roller coaster at times. I think there's gonna be some nights where it's gonna be just him and a bunch of 10 day contracts, and he's gonna go 5 of 25 from the field 1 night, and then the next night he'll go 11 to 17 and put up, like, 30 points. You know what I mean? He's gonna be a total wild card. The percentages are gonna be rough. Turnover is gonna be rough. But in terms of just counting stats, I would say Gigi Jackson is probably the one I'm most excited about going forward among the French players in Memphis, even more than Vince Williams, honestly. Wow. That's big. I'm way more excited about Vince than I am Gigi, but I I like Gigi. I'm I'm hopeful that Gigi lives up to the hype. Right. But I'm not. I'm all about Vince Williams. And I'm I'm kinda also a little bit about Luke Kennard right now if he can get healthy. Yep. He's had those knee issues though, and the Grizzlies will milk that, you know, back to back set coming up. He's got left knee soreness. Sorry. You're out. Yeah. They will they will. And I like Santi Aoudama over Xavier Tillman, personally. I do too. I do too. K. Let's talk Harry Barnes for a second. Harry Harry b. In his previous, like, 3 or 4 games before this little explosion he went on, he scored, like, 326 points or something like that. Mhmm. And then something weird happened, and he he went off for 32 points season high last Monday. And then Thursday, I think he went off for 39. And then on the weekend, he had a 20 point game. And then last night, he had 12. Like, what is happening? Why why are the Kings suddenly turning to Harry Barnes? Why is Harry Barnes suddenly bawling out? Do we do you have any idea? I have a conspiracy theory. Let's hear it. I feel like he's seen his name in the rumor mill way too many times in the last 2, 3 weeks. I think every article that Jake Fisher of Yahoo Sports has put out has included Harry Barnes in there. I think Shams mentioned him at one point. Man, I think it's obvious. He doesn't wanna be he don't he doesn't wanna be a trade out of Sacramento. You know what I mean? I feel like he's really stepped up his game as a result, and his fantasy managers are obviously loving it. So that's my conspiracy theory. What about you? Yeah. I mean, that's that's the only thing I can figure or that or that Sacramento is showcasing him now. Like, hey, get the get the ball to Harry. Let's Yes. Let's show the Let's show the people that the old man can still get it done. I also love the fact that we call him Harry. I know. I don't know a lot of people that call Harrison Barnes Harry, but I I enjoy it. I always have. It's been one of my favorite pastimes since back in the old days. Have you paid attention to how well, let's go back to Harry for a sec. Are you Yeah. Would you pick up Harrison Barnes right now and stash him in the team? Absolutely. I would. Yeah. Yep. Same. I've got him on the team, actually. Yeah. Have you paid attention to how dreadful Josh Giddey has been in January? Honestly, no. I hate every time I see him with the ball at the top of the key because I feel like the the thunder offense just kinda stagnates. But I only have him in, like, one league out of, like, 20 dynasty leagues I think I'm in. Not thrilled about it, obviously, with a lot of other things going on, but I just feel like he slows down the thunder offense too much. I feel like if they make a big move in the next year or 2, I think he's the piece that moves, honestly. What about you? Well, the last time I looked at rankings when I I do my risers and and followers column for for ESPN, and he was like the very last ranked player at the very bottom of the the algorithm rankings list I'm looking at. And his January numbers are just so bad. And then last night, he had 13 points, 4 rebounds, 2 assists. Like, there's nothing good about it. When many yama like, the announcers, like, when Banyama stuffed a giddy shot attempt, and they were like, serious question, dude. Is that a block or a steal? Mhmm. And the the other the color guy was like, dude, I don't know. Maybe it's both. Maybe it's a block and a steal because he just sort of took it out of his hand as he was shooting it. And Josh is a big dude, man. Josh Giddey is a big dude. He'd be a power forward on most teams. If Giddey shows up on waiver wires in your league, are you jumping on him immediately? Oh, god. Honestly, I think I would just because the waiver wire, you know, leading up to deadline is pretty bare. You know what I mean? So I think right now I would, but after the trade deadline with all these new pickups that are gonna come, I would say after the sorry. After the deadline, no. Now, yes, to be clear. Well, people last week started asking about cutting Josh Giddey, and I was like, oh, you're crazy. And then I looked at the numbers. I was like, yeah. You're not crazy. Yeah. Because he's been bad. But I You really got I'm still not gonna drop him if I've got him. I'm just gonna try not to play him if I can help it. Speaking of Victor, women, Yalla, 22 points, 11 boards, 4 assists, a steal 3 blocks. Devin Vassell last night, 24. 55 boards, 4 assists, a block, a 3. Have you been watching Wimby play basketball? All the time. All the time. He's my he's probably the favorite player to watch right now. It used to be jjj. I have a new love. I'm sorry. Like, he's just too much fun to watch. And I've seen almost everyone, you know, that I follow has him as number 1 dynasty pick next year. I think that's obvious. But where you take him in a redraft next year? Like, he's top 3 now. Has to be. Right? I I mean, I don't know how you don't. And he's proven all these skeptics, so he's too skinny. He's not gonna be able to play. I mean, Pop's been babying him, but Yeah. I mean, the minutes count is back up. He's played in back to back the other day. Like, I think he's gonna play the whole season and Right. He's gonna put on some weight in the off season. I think he's gonna pump some iron and that just the the endless potential is everything we thought it was gonna be. Like, it's it's too too much fun. Yeah, and I'm with you dude. Like last night. I had Luca on my TV on my left and I had Wembley on my TV in front of me and I watched both of them play basketball and I went to bed. Yeah, I saw everything I needed to see. Staying with Spurs, Chetty Osman. 8 of 1243 pointers, 20 points, 3 boards, 2 steals, 2 assists, 2 steals. You know, a wise man once said, Jonas, the the Chetty pill is a tough one to swallow. Yeah. Would you ever take a Chetty pill? We should probably phone in Matt Stroop here, but, I mean, this is this has been your guy for the past 10 years, unfortunately. Right? But He's not really my guy, but yeah. I know. I know. He he's sort of my guy. Yeah. Yeah. But I would say along with the same, the wavelength as the Harris Martin things, I think this is pure showcase. Right? Trade deadline's coming up. Spurs are gonna wanna move some fringe veterans. I think Doug McDermott and Chetty Osmond are the 2 key guys that are gonna go, most likely for a second round pick. Like nothing too crazy. But, yeah, I I do think they wanna move those guys. And after last night, it's a great time to do it. Yeah. And Chetty, I think, just got hot last night and and just started knocking down threes. He he's actually in my 30 team lineup instead of Jaden Hardy. And, so I I, you know, some some nights the Chetty pills go down easier than others, and that was that was a good one. And for those of you who don't know what we're talking about, I once told Matt Stroup that the Chetty pill is a tough one to swallow, but sometimes you just have to suck it down. And, we both started laughing so hard we were crying on the air. Josh, do you have a minute to stick around and answer, some viewer questions? Sure. Pick a few. I got I got a few minutes. Alright. Let's see what we got. Let's start with this. I haven't read the whole question, but, Sager wants to know, would you drop Denny of DJ to add Harry Barnes or Derek Lively in a 12 team points league? Well, I'll start with this. Why in the world is Derek Lively on your waiver wire? Doesn't matter the format. I think you should grab him immediately. The thing about this though is that I really like as well. I do think I feel I feel like and Lively are 2 must must roster players that Harrison Barnes on the French, but surely he has someone else he can drop because I want both Lively and Well, that leads us right into David's question, thoughts on I have my 9 cat 12 team, and he's been getting less playing time with the new coach. Should I be worried, Jonas? Last few weeks has been rough, I will admit. But keep in mind, are the Wizards gonna be buyers or sellers of the deadline? Sellers. Right? Kuzma could be gone. Who knows what's gonna happen with Jordan Poole? You know, they they may wind him back a whole lot. But if they move a couple more French players including their point guard, right? They got Jones there. Abhijia very, very capable playmaker. I still think he's going to be a really, really strong play down the stretch. Well, and Denny was also, he was super hot there for a while. He was double doubling and putting up really nice numbers. I've been trying to sell Kamlo on why I like Denny of Deja, and now he's kind of in a funk. I think he breaks out of it again. I I'm not too worried about Denny. I I don't I wouldn't drop Denny to get to pick up Harrison Barnes. I think it stick with Denny. Right. But I might cut Denny to get Derek Lively, especially if I need a center. For sure. JJ Styles wants to know what's going on with Terry Eason. I've given up and moved on. He went on a 3 game run, got hurt, and we haven't really heard from him since. Where are you, Jonas? Well, he's gonna be clear for contact this week according to our latest road wire blurb. So, I think now would be a good time to stash him. Yes. You do. You are a little concerned that, you know, Whitmore is really, really taken off, but keep in mind that Ethan can play at least 3 positions. Right? The Rockets are very versatile. I think now would be a good time to pick him up because he was really, really strong beginning of this, sorry, beginning of the year. I like that. I I've I've moved on. I just I don't have time to wait for Darice. And if you can stash them on a IL spot, I'm good with that. I'm not gonna I'm I'm done. I'm I'm it it hurts too much to think about. Brenda says I've held on to on Yiki, you k a kangaroo all season, but now he's the last man on my roster. Do I hold him still for the trade deadline? Is Capella moving? I mean, my answer is you've held them this long, we're this close to the end of the road with Capella and the trade deadline. You gotta hold them through February 8th. Absolutely. And, doc, you're the Atlanta specialist. What are the chances Capella's traded? Give me a number. 68. 68%. Alright. I'll I'll go 90%. This is the end of the road this is the end of the road for Capella. A lot of changes coming to Atlanta. They need to make some changes, man. They're terrible. Yep. Awful. How do you feel about IO Do sumo's playing time with the Bulls? That's from Jerry Lynn Jonas. Still very sporadic. Keep in mind though. Patrick Williams is going to be out through the All Star break. I think the reevaluation date is 2 weeks. It doesn't mean he will return right away. So I like the sumo a lot, but also keep in mind, Julian Phillips had a really, really strong game last night. I think he had 11 points, limited minutes. So I think he's definitely someone you want to watch very, very closely over the next couple weeks. And keep in mind to Chicago could be sellers that would help Phillips a lot. Also, Alex Caruso, man. How good is he been? Well, he'll be good until he gets hurt again. Right? That dude is made of glass, so we'll see. Threes blocks and steals, though. I mean, he is blocks are it's it's crazy. I am. He's been awesome. I'd rather have him right now than than IO, but maybe I agree. I agree. Maybe he's not available. Oh, that's wrong one. Kyler, I didn't mean to click on that. Have you set up any, DFS yet, Jonas? It's too early in the day, man. It's too early in the day. I haven't either. Let's see here. I was gonna click on this one. Hello? Maybe. Hello from New Zealand. We do not use our waiver wire ads on the trade deadline. Do we not use our waiver wire ads on the trade deadline? And who are your top 3 to get traded? Clint Capela is up there. Dejounte Murray is up there for me. I mean, Dejounte Murray is gone. Right? He's gone. Yeah. D'Angelo Russell, gone. I I was gonna say Russell. Did D'Angelo Russell and Ri Hachimuri get traded, like, 10 days ago when they were crying on the sidelines? So, like, what was that all about, Jonas? No idea. No idea. I feel like it was close, and I feel like they pulled the plug the last second. We don't know where, but I I do feel like something was agreed to in principle, and then they backed out, got cold feet. Sometimes they leak things just to get a reaction from fans. You know, we've seen this many times before. They'll leak a trade that's almost done. They'll leak it out, see what see what everyone's talking about, and then they'll pull the plug. I've seen it many times. So there's some trade guys. Who else is getting traded? Is Jordan Poole? No. He has no value. He's a negative asset. Trade for Jordan Poole? No. I would say Royce O'Neil and Dorian Finney Smith are 100% gonna get traded. I think they'd be huge additions to a contender. And, Jonas, I think when Noah brings up a good point. Now's the time and and not really this week, but I the deadline, I think, is February 8th. You wanna have as many of your pickups left as to the trade deadline as you could possibly have. So so the couple days leading up to the trade deadline, you'd you wanna try to hold back and not make moves. Yeah. So you have your full arsenal to go make pickups once the deadline happens, whether it's a guy that got moved or a guy that benefits from somebody getting moved. Yeah. When I when I first started fancy, like, 10 years ago, doc, I used to always stash couple players in the deadline, and it took me 10 years to realize that that wasn't the move. You know? Speculation kills, so it's better to just wait, keep those 2 or 3 ads, and just wait till the deadline and use that that FAAB. So The fab. Aditha is here every single week. Every week, Jonas. It's like clockwork. Eric Gordon or Max Struss, or are they about just streamers in a 12 team Yahoo league? I would say Max is just a little more than a streamer, and I think Eric Gordon is definitely just streamer territory until Grayson Allen is fully cleared, I should say. But I like I like Max a lot more. Man, Max was Max is looking really good early in the season. He's important. He was scoreies banging threes. He still does some of that, but, I'm kind of on Gordon until, Grayson Allen is back. Streuss is in Cleveland. Right? Yep. And that's where our guy, Merrill, is and Caris LeVert and all that. I don't know. I'm more on Gordon, but they they're both sort of streamy to me. Yeah. I agree. It's a deep thing in. Luke Kennard's still a hold. His knee worried. Yeah. We talked about that. I don't know that I'm holding Luke Kennard. I I'm not afraid to play Luke Kennard if he's gonna play. Right? I would say for now, yes, but I think it's fluid. Here's a here's a Ben Simmons sob story from Matt Carvedi. I had Simmons stashed on my IR. We wanted to wait and see how he did 12 games yesterday. I didn't need him. Hopefully, that doesn't end up being his best or last game of the season, Matt. But we've talked about that to kick off the show. I'm I'm out on Simmons. He can he can he can go off from now till the end of the season, and I'm gonna I'll pretend like I don't care even though it may really bother me. Jonas is kinda in. Jonas is good on him. I'm in. I'm all the way in doc. Brian b says, hey, doc and Jonas. Is it time to start thinking about picking up? Now I don't know if he's talking about Andrew or Aaron. Aaron's been playing a little more for the thunder. He could benefit if Jalen is out. I assume he's talking about Andrew. I think so, Dean. Warriors who has actually been horrific all season long. He's been terrible. The last couple weeks he's been better. I think the reintroduction of, Draymond Green back in there has helped a lot. He's actually had success next to Kuminga for the first time all season too. So, if there's ever a time for Wiggins to get it going, it's now or else he's getting traded. So I would say yes. Here's some good stuff. Okay. Can you rank my bottom players? I need to figure out who I can drop. Emmanuel Quickley, Kobe White, Wendell Carter, Brandon Williams, Josh Hart, Keegan Murray. That's tough, man. I'll answer that question. You should not be dropping any of those players. I don't know what format you're playing in, but I can't imagine dropping any of those guys. Can you doc? That's insane. I mean, if I had to drop one of those guys, I don't I I don't know. Yeah. I can't think of a single trade that would open up a player with value that would, you know, pass this guy. Unless that's like an 18 league. Right. Which there are such things out there. In fact, I helped, I helped this kid, this kid draft a team. It's a ESPN, like, charity thing. Yeah. And, there was a it's an 18 league and we're an expert is teaming up with a with a kid to help them draft a a fantasy team for the first time. Check out this starting 5, Jonas. Alright. We only play 5 guys. I've got Joel Embiid, Victor Wimanyama, Damian Lillard, Kawhi Leonard, and James Harden. Oh, man. Well, you're gonna be fine until James Harden requested trades from your team. But other than that, that is just stacked. Well, we screwed up, and I I I missed the fact that Joel Embiid was out last night. I could have played Brandon Miller instead. It's a point lead. It killed me. But anyway, that that's pretty fun. And then okay. So we answered that question. There's another one here I really want to get to. This Is this Brian b? This would be a good good way to maybe go out, Jonas. Brian b wants to know, who's your favorite player of all time, both current and retired? Well, I grew up a Kobe fan. Love him to death. I think by far my most favorite player of all time is Kobe. I'd say currently, it's still Jaren Jackson junior, but Wimby is closing in. Wimby is 100% closing in. He's just, you know, eye candy every time you tune in. He just does something you've never seen before. So JJJ is still number 1. He's dear to my heart. You know, we got the nostalgia with him. But, doc, I know who you're gonna say, but go ahead and say it. Who's yours? Well, we're gonna go with the human highlight film, Dominique Wilkins as my favorite retired player, and, my son and I got to hang out with him at the Hawks team the other night. This happened to be the same Hawks game that a gentleman that wears these shoes, dropped 73 points on the Atlanta Hawks. That would be Luca Doncic. And I went from, you know, Camlin, I were talking last week, like, is Lucas still really likable? Because he complains a lot and he's he got the fan thrown out and all that. But, yeah, I'm still all in on Luca, dude. That was that was the best time I've ever had at an NBA basketball game. I've probably been to 500 of them. So Yeah. They was right up there with, I was at the Reggie Miller push off on Michael Jordan playoff game in Market Square Arena when that place exploded, and that that was the coolest thing I've seen since then. Yeah. Let's see if we do one more. One more. Can we? Nah. I don't like that's not really a question. Yeah. We'll do this. Flood gaming says Andrew Nembhard. I mean, I think he should be rostered everywhere. Right, Jonas? Yeah. But I do think he's also a sell high. Right? Pacers are gonna get healthier real soon. All star breaks coming up. You know, Pacers could be could be buyers again at the deadline too. You never know. So, I would still say he is a sell high, but if you have him right now, I think you're happy. Alright. Click subscribe, like, do all the things you can do with this pod. You can try RotoWire for free at rotowire.com/try. You should check it out. Kim and I say it all the time. Jonas says it all the time. I say it all the time. It's not only are they covering NBA basketball and, of course, football, but they cover the sports that nobody else is covering. Like Mhmm. Women's basketball, stuff that I wouldn't be surprised if there's not pickleball content out there, at some point in the next year. But, yeah, it it's a great site. You should check it out. Jonas, thanks for coming on, man. It's good to see you. Good to catch up. Always good seeing you, doc. We'll do this again soon. I'll let you go back to work. And, yeah, if I do this Wednesday pod thing on my own, you're gonna be one of my first phone calls. Love it. Good deal. I'll be back on Thursday with Rick Camma, and then I'll be back next Tuesday, same time, same place with another special guest. This has been the Road to World Fantasy Basketball podcast. Thank you for coming.