Welcome into a Monday edition of the Roadwire Fantasy Basketball Pod. Nick Whalen, Alex Marutha here with you as we are every Monday. Alex, wanna get out ahead of the narrative. I am sick. That's why my eyes look terrible, why my voice sounds terrible. I don't wanna hear about it in the comments. We will push through. You know, getting to the end now of the fantasy basketball season. Some leagues wrapping up. I know the rotor wire stake league finishes up after this week. Still some leagues out there that do go through game 82, but, you know, certainly entering a, slower part, I suppose, of the fantasy season. But a lot going on, in the real life NBA, including the Golden State Warriors, suddenly losing their foothold on what could be the final play in spot in the Western Conference. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's pretty surprising. I mean, when when Elper and Shangoon got hurt, we sort of like, we just sort of wrote off Houston. It was like, oh, they're they're done. You know, Shangoon is not coming back. And then all of a sudden, Houston can't lose a game. And Jabari Smith at center is working out for them. I think it's opening up the well, he's opening up the floor a little bit more, and Jalen Green's able to operate with some space. And, they're they're pushing up the standings, and Golden State's been, you know, I would say, like, underwhelming to average recently during this stretch. Yeah. I mean, Houston, for 1, we kind of forget. They got off to a good start. Right? I mean, this team was 6 and 3 early on. We were talking about them as, you know, maybe this surprise team out west. I mean, they were essentially 500 at at the halfway mark and then, you know, really hit a rough patch in February going into the all star break. They've had a somewhat easy schedule here. Like, their their wins during this streak have come over Portland, Sacramento, San Antonio, Washington, Cleveland, Washington, Chicago, Utah. So So that's that's definitely part of it, but they've they've won a lot of these games handily. I mean, they just house the Utah Jazz, at home on Saturday. They get another pretty appealing matchup, tonight against a Portland Trail Blazers team that started all rookies in one game over the weekend. That's where we're at with Portland. After that, they're at OKC on Wednesday. Another good matchup on Friday at Utah. They do have a slightly harder schedule the rest of the way than Golden State does, but it's not it's, you know, it's not a complete mind field. You know? I I I think you you take the warriors' experience. You take their schedule. You take their players obviously over what we have in Houston here, but I I don't think it's just decided that Golden State can necessarily flip a switch here. I I do think the warriors end up making it. I would be I mean, this would be one of the stories of the season if the warriors somehow find a way to back out of the play in. But concurrent with all this is that, you know, the lakers have been playing fairly well. You know, they they now are as many games above 500 as they've been at any point this season. You know, they're looking like they're going to have a pretty good chance to maybe, you know, maybe stag the the 7 or the 8 in the west. I I wouldn't count on it. I mean, they're 2 and a half back of Sacramento and Dallas. But, at the very least, you know, would have home court in in what would be the 9, 10 play and match up against Golden State or Houston. Yeah. What what is going on with the Warriors side of this? I think it's it's kinda obvious with Houston. Right? It's like soft schedule, court opening up, Jalen Green playing well. Maybe we didn't see this coming, but the golden state side of it is is very interesting to me. You know? Steph Curry was a little miffed, I think, as far as how many minutes he played last night, in their loss. You know, obviously, they made the move earlier in the season with Klay Thompson coming off the bench. Kuminga continues to play pretty well. You know, they're getting good minutes, out of Trace Jackson Davis. Chris Paul is back in the mix. Like, it's it's hard for me to find a reason, you know, why Golden State would be seemingly I wouldn't say full on collapsing, but, playing some of its shakiest basketball of the season right now. Yeah. It's hard to say because, you know, they had a hot stretch earlier coming out of the all star break. And, I just think, you know, sometimes it happens where a team is they're they're really up back against a wall. They get their they get their guy back in Draymond. They're off. They're firing on all cylinders. But then I think it's a lot they just they've kind of regressed. Like, Wiggins is shooting a little bit better, but he's still only giving you, like, 12 points a game. Yeah. You know, he's not really doing much for you Klay. You know, Klay shooting better from 3 and everything. But, again, like, that's all he's doing for you. Yeah. Chris Paul has his games, but honestly, at this point, it's like he's just out there to pass and commit, like, no turnovers. Like, he's just holding down the fort. So, you know, it's I I think what they experienced before was just an unreasonable hot stretch, and now they've sort of regressed to the mean a little bit with with their play. So we always check-in on the play and odds at the DraftKings sports book. I mean, everybody, you know, loves that, loves hearing about that. Warriors are minus 25100 to participate in the play in, and Houston is 6 to 1, which is interesting to me. So the books aren't really books aren't really backing off. The Lakers are minus 50,000. I mean, they're essentially locked in at this point. Atlanta's minus 10,000, you know, to to make the play in in the east. So we we kinda know, you know, in general what what group of teams we're looking at here. But, surprising a little bit that Golden State is still holding firm at such a strong number at 25100 because, you know, undoubtedly, the Rockets have looked like the better team over these last couple of weeks. I will ask you, what unfortunately, I feel like it's an impossible question. Do we buy in on what we've seen from Jalen Green since Shangoon went down? He's had these stretches before, you know, including I think it's at the end of his rookie year. You know, had a pretty shaky, like, first 70 games, and then, you know, at the end, we're like, oh, okay. Here we go. This is maybe more what we expected. Is this is this just kind of a volume equation, you know, beating up on some bad defenses? As your opinion on Jalen Green been shape it all over the last few weeks? I mean, it's it's partially a volume equation because he is taking 21 shots a game over the past 12, but he's shooting, you know, basically 504080. He's still really not doing anything from an assist perspective, but I think I I don't wanna say he doesn't necessarily mesh with Shangoun, but there are greens' athleticism is so high that if you just give them all the floor space in the world with, you know, Jabari Smith, spacing at the 5 and Ahmed Thompson, you know, just kinda doing out utility stuff, setting screens, rolling, hanging up by the basket, running really hard in transition. You know, there gonna be a better transition team like this too. It does allow Green some more room to operate and and get some freely get some better looks, I guess, for for his shot diet. Yeah. I, you know, I I still think they're Jalen Green has a lot to prove as far as not being a good stats, bad team guy, but at you know, you'll take it. Right? I mean, it's it's certainly not a negative to to see somebody putting up, like, 35 game over his last 4. Like, we've we've kinda known that he's capable of this, and you still wanna see it even if it's coming against Portland and Washington and San Antonio. And, you know, obviously, it would be a a hell of a story if he's able to keep this up over a tougher schedule the rest of the way. We we don't have a ton in terms of news this week, which is mostly a good thing because news tends to be injury news. You know, the the big one would be Brandon Ingram. You know, that was late last week. We found out he's gonna miss some time. At least another week and a half dealing with a a bone bruise in his left knee. You know, I wouldn't be surprised if that lingers a bit longer. You know, that's when they'll reevaluate him was that 2 week timetable, not when he'll necessarily be back. Pelicans have been just fine without him so far. They've taken down Miami and Detroit, both of those wins coming by double digit. Pells, 115 with a plus 9.4 net rating since the all star break, 3rd best net rating behind only Boston and Denver. Talked about this a little bit on the Roadwire NBA show. Hopefully, you you listened last week. But, you know, how seriously do we have to take the penalties at this point? Because they are they're only a half game back of the LA Clippers for the 4 seed, and l the Clippers now have basically been a 500 outfit since the all star break. Yeah. To me to me, this is also more it's almost more like I'm yeah. The Clippers are becoming concerning while the Pelicans are, like, on a hot streak and they're sort of colliding like you mentioned. I mean, I I've always been of the belief that we should take the Pelicans seriously as long as they're healthy. Now you mentioned Ingram is gonna be out for a while, so we'll see kind of what happens. But, you know, the thing that makes the Pelicans, I think, intimidating as a as a potential playoff opponent is not only, like, the explosive scoring ability of Zion Williamson and everything Brandon Ingram can do as, like, a all star caliber player, McCollum being a veteran point guard and all that, but they have so many different looks they can go to. You know, I think I think they're getting this far in terms of being a great offense and defense by having a ton of different lineups that they can throw out there. They can go Larry Nance at center. They can go Zion at center. They can play Herb Jones and Trey Murphy at the same time. If they need a quick score and punch against a small team, they can move Jorgen Hawkins. If there's a point guard giving them trouble, you throw Alvarado in there. And being able to sort of form to the matchup at hand while keeping most, like, most of your best players on the court the whole time is it's really powerful. Yeah. I mean, we said it at the beginning of the year. Right? They have as much depth, if not more than any team in the league. And I I think for Fantasy, it was almost a bad thing at times because when they are fully healthy, you know, you're playing the well, do I start Trey Murphy? Do I start Herb Jones? Like, there are only so many sure things in that rotation. But this is one of the few teams in the NBA that can sustain, you know, the loss of someone like Brandon Ingram for a couple of weeks. I will say we're we're gonna find out if this team is for real in the next week and a half because their next 5 games come against OKC tomorrow, Milwaukee Thursday, Boston Saturday, next Monday Phoenix, next Wednesday Orlando. That is about as tough of a 5 game stretch as it gets. Although, they do get all 5 of those at home. That is nice. Yeah. That's gonna be tough without Ingram. I think that's maybe where we start to see the the sort of drain of of Ingram not being there. But, again, you know, they're just gonna give more minutes to the guys. They already are comfortable playing. And I think you just rode more points on, and it can work out. Alright. We got a couple questions in the chat here. Feel free to throw those in there, guys. I know, you know, fantasy playoffs ongoing. Some leagues have wrapped up, but we'll dish out as much advice as we can. Johnny says, what's up, fellas? What's up, man? Holmes or Bagley or roster both? He's in the semifinals of a 9 cat league. First of all, the schedule this week, it's about it's like 60, 40, 4 games versus 3 games. We don't have any 5 game weeks. We don't have any 2 game weeks, thankfully. The Wizards are on a 4 game week. They play at Chicago, Brooklyn, Detroit, and then Miami. So pretty decent schedule, for this week. With that in mind, you know, I don't necessarily don't necessarily hate rostering both of those guys. I mean, it it depends how big your league is, who else is available as we always say. Are you starting both of them? Are you are you kinda playing the matchup night tonight? I I assume you're just gonna blindly say Marvin Bagley out. Well, you forgot how much I love Rashaun Holmes also. Yeah. I can't believe Holmes is already 30. I Yeah. I think you can roster both because I am not a 100% sure what Washington plans on doing now that Bagley's healthy. You know, Bagley came back for their most recent game, played 16 minutes off the bench. Holmes' minutes are gonna move at all. He started, played 28, worked for 15 and 14 with 2 blocks. So it's like, okay. Are they gonna bring Marvin Bagley off the bench now? Are they gonna could could they just start Marvin Bagley and then Rashaun Holmes is getting, like, DMPs or, like, 12 minutes a game again? Yes. That's possible. I would prefer if you can to hold both and just see what Washington does. Yeah. I think if you have to hold 1 or the other, it it probably has to be Holmes right now just because Bagley missed so much time. He's only played one game. You know, maybe those minutes do rise, and likely they would, I I would imagine. But, I think if you're choosing between 1 or the other, I would go homes. You know, in terms of other potential pickups in your average league, it's like it's it's maybe Paul Reed sitting out there. You know, Taylor Hendrix perhaps. You know, both of those guys, are on 4 game weeks this week. But, again, without without knowing the league size, you know, it's kinda hard to say if you could do better. But, you know, we we also the other thing with Washington is, like, either of those guys are liable to miss any games the rest of the way. Right? Like, you might you might wanna have 1 or the other because it's totally possible that both are not available for all all 4 games this week. Yeah. I mean, it wasn't as bad as it was, like, a week or a week and a half ago, but you look at the sort of recent game logs of Washington, and it's like, over the past 5 games, Kuzma's missed 2, Avdi has missed 3. I was gonna say this like it mattered, but it kinda does. Anthony Gill missed a game because he was playing 20 minutes again. I know. Like, Johnny Davis is out there getting run and stuff. So it's like it's it's hard to Tyus Jones remains out. So it's it's Washington is going to be, I think, as tough to predict the rotation of going forward as any team really in the bottom 6 or 7. Is Johnny Davis gonna be in the NBA next year, by the way? I mean, this is this is rough. This the the opportunities have been there. He's, you know, he's back to the bench now. He made that that one glorious start against Houston last week. I I mean, he's probably the worst lottery pick of the last 5 to 10 years without doing deep research here. I think well, look. I mean, they got him they got the team option for another 2 years. Basically, 5,000,000 and then 6,000,000. I think if you're Washington, look, I think from an Optics perspective, you should probably just hang on to him because it's like, what are you gonna do with that 5,000,000 or $6,000,000 anyway? And if your team is gonna continue to be bad, it's like, you may as well just may as well just see if you can, like, kill and haze it. And, like, can we just really can we force this guy to get 15 minutes a game no matter what and just make them, you know, make it work. And whether or not we give them a second contract is another story. Yeah. Things are things are bleak right now. Johnny follows up and asked, is Chamezi Metu a solid stream? Well, unfortunately, that's a very fair question because, you know, Detroit, they're like 17 point dogs tonight. And, you know, there there are a lot of reasons for that. One of them is they're down Duran, they're down Cade, they're down Fontecchio, they're they're down Isaiah Stewart for the rest of the season. They're down Taj Gibson. So they're they're basically running out of depth up front, which means that we'll likely see a lot of Mattu as we did in their last game, played 38 minutes. Probably see a lot of James Wiseman as well. My my first thing would be that Detroit's on a 3 game week. So it it kinda depends. If you're in a daily lineup league, yeah, I don't mind throwing them out there. Could you do better with somebody, you know, if it if it's weekly, probably want the 4 games? Yeah. Probably. I mean, look. I I don't mind Matt too. I think that he has been he was a solid backup and maybe even sometimes an underutilized backup in in, Sacramento for a few years. Just very capable of giving you like that, you know, basically 15 and 10 Yeah. With a blocker steel sort of classic big man, can also give you a 3 here and there. So, like, is he a solid stream? Yeah. I guess. I thought you're gonna say no. No. No. Not really. Well, he's played more than 20 minutes, 7 times this season between Phoenix and Detroit. And in those games, he's averaging 13 and a half points, 7 boards, 1 assist, 1 and a half steals, 1 and a half threes. So I I think that's reasonable baseline. And, you know, if it it really comes down to Duran. Right? Like, if Duran misses the entire week, then, yeah, I think he becomes really viable. Yeah. You're hoping Duran remains out. And, again, with a team like this, there's no reason to rush Duran back. Alright. Don Sicario says he's debating dropping Anthony Simons and picking up a pelican for the week. Yeah. Interesting concept here. I mean, Portland for 1 is on a 3 game week, and Anthony Simons is already ruled out for the first of those, which is tonight against Houston. So if you're looking at a 2 game week for Simons, he got injured against the Clippers, you know, a couple nights ago. Prior to that, you know, they were they were blown out by the Clippers, played only 28 minutes. Before that, I mean, he'd still been playing a full workload, like 38 to to 42 minutes most nights. But in what now amounts to a 2 game week at best, I don't really have a problem with it. You know, as far as, like, do you have to pick up a pelican specifically? They're on a 3 game week. So if, like, you know, if somebody good is out there, yeah, of course. If you're in a shallow league, I I don't mind it. But, again, if if you're if you're looking to, you know, basically stream for a week in in the fantasy playoffs, I'm still prioritizing games played. So I wouldn't I wouldn't go too deep on the Pelicans specifically, especially like we said, I mean, with these these tough matchups coming up. Yeah. I think it's tough with Simons. It's listed as tendonitis. That's like a rest injury. Like, you have to rest it to recover it. And, of course Yeah. We know how Portland is. I mean, Nick mentioned they started all rookies the other night. Picking up a pelican? Yeah. I mean, if you wanna pick up a pelican in the in the wake of the Ingram news, yeah, that makes sense. I mean, I don't know a 100% who is available in your league, but Larry Nance, Najee Marshall, are guys who could be available depending on your league size. I I that to me, that's a little too much risk because Simons could come back and average, like, 25 and 5 Mhmm. In the games that he plays. But I understand if if you're in a if you're in a must win, like, you have to win this matchup situation, I understand the move. Alright. Torrey Thompson says I have a buy this week. Is it worth it to pick up Trae Young or Tyler Hero in case we get positive news in the coming days? Don't really need them, but I'm greedy, LOL. Head to head category league. No. I I this is not greedy. I I think this is this is gamesmanship here. I I think the question is which of these guys do we feel, you know, more strongly about? I to me, it would be Trae Young. I mean, we haven't really gotten much of a positive update on either of them. You know, Hero I don't know what's going on with Hero, man. I mean, he hasn't played since February 23rd. We haven't received an update on him in almost 10 days now. He had a PRP injection in his foot. My guess is Miami is, you know, they're in playoff mode with hero. Right? They just need them back for when it matters. Atlanta's banged up all over the place right now. You know, the the Trae Young thing is is strange because you given, you know, his profile as a player, you think we'd have something over the last couple of weeks. This could just be one of those classic, like, champs, you know, tweets at 5:30 PM. Trae Young is now questionable for tonight. You know, he could be back at some point in the next couple of weeks. I would say if you if you have the roster space, sure. Right? If if you're out of buy this week, if you don't have to drop somebody of consequence, I think Trae Young would would be the guy for me. They announced on February 25th that he would undergo surgery, and they they gave him, you know, kind of a 4 week evaluation timeline, which would be hitting, like, now. Yeah. The hero thing is I mean, Miami's kinda dodgy with their injury reporting anyway. It's a foot injury, which very tough to come back from. You know, last year, they did they kinda proved they didn't need him that much. I'm still I'm still like a Tyler hero, like, optimist. I think it's I don't think it's a situation where it's like they're better without hero or they should they they should trade him because he's useless. I'm not that kind of a guy. But Trae Young, I mean, yeah, I wish we had more updates on him, but it's a left hand injury. If they really wanted him to come back, I think it would be it could be sooner. I wanna say it could be sooner than hero, but it'd be easier to sort of force Trae Young to come back for the playoffs than hero. Yeah. If that makes sense. And Atlanta is basically blocking They're not forced to come back. But he's like, it's easier to play through discomfort with your offhand than it is your Right. Yeah. A 100%. And it you know, it's it's hard to say, like, oh, one of them there's a second for one of them to stick out longer than the other one. I don't know. I mean, maybe Miami really wants to get into the 6th seed, to avoid the play in. But Atlanta is just locked into the 10th seed. I mean, they're not gonna slip below Brooklyn. So there's that there's that too. Yeah. I I again, I'll say if you have the roster space, just go grab Trae Young. You know, if you're not dropping somebody who you're planning on using next week, I I don't really see why not. Michael says, I'm facing Zion and Trey Murphy this week. Any strategies to counter, or am I just totally screwed? LOL. I'm nervous as hell. So I assume this is, you know, like a head to head, you know, points are probably categories league if you're talking about countering. Trey Murphy's coming off of one of the all time weirdest lines ever yesterday. 8 points, 8 boards, 4 blocks, o of 9 from 3, 1 of 12 from the field, and yet still gave you a a decent line. In terms of countering, I mean, obviously, with Trey Murphy, you're most worried about the volume threes. Right? He's been rebounding really well. You know, the defensive stats are there every now and then, but it's it's really you know, your fear is that he has, like, 3 games in a row this week where he hits 4 or 5 threes, and all of a sudden you're trailing in that category. So I I think for Murphy, the strategy is either, you know, make sure you're starting or you're picking up somebody who you think can, you know, give you threes to try to counter that or just say, alright. You know? And maybe this maybe this person you're playing has other, you know, 3 point studs on the roster and say, alright. We'll we'll chalk up that category as a loss and target something else. I I mean, with Zion, obviously, the production is is more well rounded, especially with no Ingram. I think we're gonna see the passing tick back up as we did the other night against Detroit, 6 assists. I mean, the steals, the blocks have started to come around for Zion. That was kinda one of the big criticisms over the last couple of years. Even when he was healthy was, okay. We're seeing the scoring. The field goal percentage is great. He looks dominant, but he's not really the defensive player that he was at Duke. Like, that's starting to come back. The rebounding has been great since the all star break. So I don't really know if there's a way to to counter Zion. I guess the one, you know, big pitfall for him, and even this has been better lately, is the free throw shooting. Right? I mean, he's been in, like, the mid seventies over the last month, which for Zion is pretty good. But, you know, I I think that's maybe one area you could try to exploit is, you know, you're you're hoping that Zion has a couple of those games where he's 7 of 12 at the line, and and maybe you could sneak out a victory in that category. Right. I mean, countering is tough because it's like, do you are you do you just avoid the categories that the other guys are good in to try to get, you know, get wins elsewhere? You know, it's like, because if you're, if you're talking about these 3 guy or these 2 guys, it's like, Trey Murphy's gonna be good in 3. Zion's gonna be good in points and field goal percentage, or like, those are their best categories. So it's like, should you just avoid those entirely and just say, Hey, that's a loss. I'll go for, I'll go for rebounds. You know, I'll go for assists. I'll go for steals and blocks. It's it's tough to give you, like, a strong, counter without knowing your team Yeah. Like, your full team construction. Well and and the pals are in a 3 game week. Right? So, like, I don't I wouldn't base your whole week around this. You know, it's like I I think, you know, one example would be, you know, especially early in the season when he was rolling. Like, if you're going up against Tyrese Halliburton and he has 4 games, might be tough for you to win assists because he was giving you, like, 13 assists per game for a while there. But, you know, 3 games of of Zion who's, you know, still not the, like, the greatest fantasy player, not as as well rounded historically as he would like. Trey Murphy as he proved yesterday is still capable of going over 9 and then, you know, going 5 or 10 the next game. I I wouldn't necessarily panic about this. Obviously, if you're in a position that you're still playing, you know, your team is pretty good here and and really the rest of your opponent's roster, you know, matters too. I I wouldn't just worry about those 2 guys. Alright. Back to Johnny. He says, Kian Ellis or Bruno Fernando, who's a would those guys be a better pickup than Chimmezimetu? I would rather have met you than Fernando, I think. I know that that the hawks are without a kung woo for at least one game, and Jalen Johnson certainly could be more. We'll see. You know, that that that's kind of the the big unknown right now. But I I do kinda like Kean Ellis, man. I mean, he's been in the rotation for a while. He basically usurped Davion Mitchell's spot, you know, a while back. And with Kevin Herder sideline now, you know, coming off of a big game against Orlando, 19 point 6 assists, 5 boards, 4 threes. I would like to buy into that. At the same time, there's been a lot of other nights where he's played bigger minutes and has not produced like that. So it could be a little bit of fool's goal, but I I don't mind Kean Ellis on a 4 game week. I think, well, yeah, some of it, it's like if if you want the guy long term. I mean, I I don't think necessarily Ellis or Fernando are better for this week. But I think what what Kean Ellis is doing is more sustainable long term. So if you're looking to pick up a guy for this week who could also extend through the end of the season, I would go with Ellis. I mean, Kevin Herter is done for the year. And Ellis Ellis was already stealing his minutes too. I mean, you mentioned Davion Mitchell's minutes, but Herta was really bad towards the end of the season. And Ellis, look, he's he's not gonna do that much for you besides steals and blocks. Like, you watch him play. He's just out there for defense. Very, very similar to Davion Mitchell. They just kinda like him more than Davion Mitchell. So, you know, over the past, what is this? 7 games, he's given you 2.3 steals, 1.3 blocks. I mean, that's like he's sort of like a Matisse Stiebelle even though they're Yeah. They're not really the same player. Good good note by you on Herder, by the way, that we did get official confirmation that he is out for the season. Obviously, we knew about the the injury about a week ago, but King said even, you know, even for the playoffs, he's not coming back this year. So pretty big blow for Sacramento. Raul Gupta says I have Lavert, Hartenstein, Naz Reed, and Bogdan Bogdanovic. Would Brook Lopez and or Paul Reed be better than any of those guys? You know, right away, you're thinking, oh, Brook Lopez. Yeah. He's gotta be better. You know, he was so great earlier in the season. Basically, as soon as I traded for him, Alex, in the stake league, the the production has fallen off a cliff. I mean, he's basically been a one block per game guy over the last month. You know, the scoring still there here and there every now and then. You know, it kinda depends. Is he is he draining the 29 foot pull up threes or not? It's kinda what it comes down to. We know who he is as a as a rebounder and a passer. It's gonna be spotty. So I would I would like to say Lopez right away, but I I don't really think that's the case right now. Yeah. I think I'd be most okay with letting Bogdanovic go. I think he has the the lowest upside of of that initial group that you mentioned. So, look, I think if you need if you need big man stats, I wouldn't mind dropping Bogdanovic for Lopez or Reed. Reed's gonna get you more traditional big man stats than Lopez because Reed Rio rebound, and he'll block more shots and stuff like that. But, Lopez doesn't rebound that much, hits threes, etcetera. Yeah. So it depends what you need. Depends what you need. Yeah. Lopez on a 3 game week. Don't really want it. Naz Reed has a 3 game week this this week as well. Paul Reed's on a 4 gamer. So I would I would stay away from Lopez. Hartstein's been really good of late. Knicks are on a 4 gamer. I wouldn't worry about that. You know, I think in a roundabout way, like OG being out kinda helps him a little bit. And, you know, Nick's still fighting for playoff positions. I don't I don't necessarily think they they really slow down here. Wanna back up to a, Shangoon question that we had earlier. This one is any chance Shingoon comes back? I saw a rumor yesterday. He's on waivers in my league. I'd be pretty surprised. You know, I mean, the the last update in, you know, non rumor update that we had is that he's likely out for the regular season. But obviously the way the way the Rockets are playing, it's like I don't know. If you're if you're saying good and you have any chance to return, I I think it's, you know, it's certainly possible, but I wouldn't really count on it. Like, I to me, this is more of like a real life consideration than fantasy. It's like even if he does return by the time that happens, like, unless your league goes through game 82 and you have a spot, you know, kinda like we said with Trae Young, if if you can hold him and you're not giving up anything, I don't really see any downside. But, if if you need that spot, especially for the week ahead, like, he's he's definitely not coming back in the next week. Yeah. I I I've kinda tracked down the rumor. There's something Tim McMahon said. I don't know where he where he got it from, but, that it's possible that if it really comes down to it, that Shango could come back for the very end of the regular season, which was sort of the reporting, and the reporting initially was likely out for the regular season. I think that was also I don't think Houston anticipated winning 8 straight without Shangoun. So they were like, it's fine. Yeah. I would say it's not worth picking him up if your league ends before the last week of the season. Like, if your league goes all the way through 82, I don't hate the idea of picking him up maybe for the last week, but I don't know if that's really gonna pay off either way. It's kind of a long shot move. Yeah. I mean, the way that McMahon phrased it, you know, it I I think you you put it pretty well. It was like they they essentially said he's probably out because they thought their season was over, and now it's like, well, maybe maybe. And, you know, the exact verbiage was, quote, in the realm of possibility. You know? I it's not like he's ramping up or anything. Like, he's still still recovering from what was not as severe of an injury as we thought, but ultimately a pretty severe ankle sprain. So, yeah, I I would say, I mean, if anything, obviously, you don't want news to come out that he's, like, on track to return and then maybe you missed your window. But I would assuming you, you know, you're you're in a fantasy playoff situation, you need to win this week, you need to win next week. You probably want that roster spot. You know, maybe grab him a week from now, if that possibility is still out there. Daniel says, Scoot is recently putting up nice numbers with a manageable field goal percentage the last couple games. How boosted is is he with Simon sideline? Is he a must own in a 10 team 9 cat league? Well, 6 straight games of, double digit scoring for Scoot, which is actually notable. Yeah. 40% from the field, 38% from 3, 5.7 assists to 3.5 turnovers, 1.7 steals for for 17 points. That's good stuff. It's good stuff from Scoot. I mean, that's if if that's what he was averaging all year, we'd be like, okay. Nice rookie season. Solid. Is he a must roster and a 10 team 9 cat? I think it would be good it probably makes sense for someone to pick him up because look. It's a 9 cat league, but I'm gonna assume that at least half the teams, if not 80% of the teams, are just punting turnovers, and probably a decent amount of other teams are punting field goal percentage. You might be doing that. If you're punting 1 of those 2, absolutely pick them up. If you're focusing on 1 of those 2, do not pick them up. And if whether or not you win turnovers, if you'll go per second, it's just kinda like a wash to you. You're it's just whatever. Then you could stream them in. Sure. Why not? So to answer one of the questions here, I wouldn't say it's a must own in a 10 team league just because there are enough guys out there. And he's like, the the 9 cat thing is what matters to me because the turnovers are are a killer. I mean, you still there you could average, like, 5 turnovers in a week, and that's gonna be tough to come back from. They do only have a 3 game week this week as well. So that's something to consider. But, yeah, I think you brought up a good point. I mean, if these were a season long numbers, we'd be feeling a lot better. And you watch some of these games, like, he's he's still making a lot of mistakes. I'm still a little reserved as far as, you know, is this gonna go like we thought it might, on draft night? You know, it's been a pretty rough rookie season for him overall, but he's he's gonna have a nice 3 week runway here, I think, to to put up some numbers, for what's left to the blazers. And and who knows what happens with the Simons thing? I mean, anybody anybody who's not a rookie is basically liable to be to be shut down at this point for Portland. Another Brook Lopez question, would Lopez be considered a drop for someone like Trace Jackson Davis, Jamezhi Metu, Luke Cornett, or Kean Ellis? I I would not drop Lopez for Cornett, and I would probably hesitate to drop him for Metu. But I don't I'm not really gonna scoff at you for wanting to drop Brook Lopez for for Trace Jackson Davis, who has been really consistent. And over the past 10 games, his average 11 points, 8 rebounds, 2 blocks. No. He's not giving you the threes, but that's not what you're asking about. You're asking about the rebounds, or I I don't know if you yeah. You are asking about the rebounds. And, yeah, like, Lopez versus Kean Ellis. I mean, yeah, Kean can grab some boards here or there. Kean Ellis ranks higher in the last month, so now Well, yeah. He did have a he did have a 5 block game against Memphis. Although it's Steph Curry got a block against Memphis. So how can we you know, let's let's grade our curve here. Yeah. I mean, we talked about Ellis before. I don't I don't wanna go back. But what I'll say is you should not be afraid to drop Lopez for Trace Jackson Davis specifically. Alright. Reds 22. I don't know if this is Clay Link or Jeff Erickson or who. He says it's KD drop in a Yahoo Points League. He's in the finals. First and foremost, if it's just this week, if your finals are just this week, I think that comes into consideration. 3 game week for Detroit. He's already ruled out tonight. So best case scenario is he plays 2 games. 1 of those is a nightmare matchup against Minnesota. The other is the best possible matchup against Washington. So, you know, in Washington, they they play later in the week. So there's a better chance that he plays on that one. That's on Friday. The Minnesota game is on Wednesday. But you're you're looking again at a best case scenario of a 2 game week for Kate Cunningham. That is very scary. I would, you know, obviously, it always depends on who's available, but I think I think you have to consider it. If you're looking at your opponent and you think they have a better team, they have better matchups, they're they have more projected games than me, These are the kind of kind of, like, really tough decisions you have to make this time of year. Yeah. Some people have 2 week playoff matchups. I have a buddy that's in a league like that. If it's a 2 week playoff matchup, I'm not dropping them. If it's just this week, I would try to find you know, look at what stats you need, however your team is built, and try to find somebody on a 4 game week who matches your needs. And assuming that player is pretty decent, I think there's a pretty good chance that they out produce what Kaye does this week on a on a total total stats basis based on what you need. Yeah. It's just it's really hard for us to speculate on, like, injuries like this at the end of the year. I was just I have I have absolutely no idea, you know, if he's gonna miss more time. Like, there's no like, Detroit's got the worst record in the NBA right now. They are a lock to finish in the bottom four record wise, so there's no there's no motivation for them to be worse than they have to be. But it's also one of those things where it's like, alright. If if his knee is really bothering him, there's also no point for him to play. If we think it's something that could, you know, cause further damage, we want him to be as healthy as possible when we're presumably a better team next year. You know, the fact that they're being cautious with Fontecchio, cautious with Duran, that, you know, makes you wonder if they would go the same route with Kade. So I, you know, I don't wanna be the guy that's like, yes. Drop him. And then he comes back and gives you 2 great games. But when I drop him for a pretty good player on a 4 game team, yeah, what? I think that's I think the risk reward checks out there. Yep. Alright. We got a Kyle Kuzma question from Roger 888 Roger. He says, do I drop Kyle Kuzma? Kuzma has already been ruled out for tonight's game. He's kinda been in and out the last couple of weeks. It's a 4 game week for Washington. So he won't play tonight against against Chicago. They played Brooklyn Wednesday, Detroit Friday, and Miami on Sunday. So still three more opportunities for Kuzma to get out there, dealing with a sore shoulder. So this doesn't appear to be anything of of grave concern here. With the possibility of 3 games for Kuzma, this one is less of a sure thing for me than than Kade. I mean, it's a bit concerning that he's missing time now after he missed 2 games earlier in the week than played 2, and now he's now he's out again. That's a concern. Sort of blindly speaking, I'd like the advice. I I would be scared to drop Kuzma. It doesn't seem the injury doesn't seem that serious. I I wish they would be more forthcoming about it, obviously, but he's averaging 41 fantasy points a game in March. He's really good. I, you know, I would be worried that I would drop him and and he would come back. So I I would prefer to hang on to Kuzma not knowing exactly what the what the situation is. I never thought we we would hear that on the pod. Kyle Kuzma, he's really good. He has been good. He's been he's been great in fantasy this year. I'm like, I've become like a Kyle Kuzma. Like, I I think I whenever I watch him play, now I think he's I'm like, this guy's good. Like, this guy's almost he shouldn't be on the Wizards. He should be on some good team playing, like, 24 minutes a game, you know, giving them, like, some some jolt off the bench. Although that's how I feel about almost everybody on Washington's roster. But, you know, Kuzma, yes, he is like a good stats bad team guy, but I don't think he's like someone who can't scale up and do a better role. We saw it with the with the Lakers. Alright. Do I drop Brandon Miller? This is our next question. Has it been playing well? I also have Trey Mann and Nick Richards on the same team. So let's say 4 game week for the Charlotte Hornets. So I would proceed with some level of caution here. Yeah. I mean, Miller's been a little spotty of late. You know, he played really well coming out of the all star break at at a nice run at the beginning of March. Last 5 games, shooting about 35% from the field, 32% from 3. Just kind of the the ups and downs, I would say, of of most rookies. But, I mean, the minutes have been there. They don't appear to be shutting him down. So this this kinda comes back to our age old question of, you know, how many teams are in your league? If it's a 10 teamer, then, yeah, you could probably do better. But if it's a 12 or a 14 or a 16 teamer, then you're you're probably not doing a whole lot better than Brandon Miller on a 4 game week. Yeah. I just I I would not be dropping guys like this on a 4 game week. Just see what happens this week. If they still are playing terrible and it's a 3 game week or whatever it is next week, then you can entertain it. But, you know, if if these guys were on the wire and they were on a 4 game week, we would be telling you to pick them up, You know? So I I would not I would not drop Miller, 4 gamer. Yeah. I mean, he's been like a borderline top 1 50 guy, since the all star break, which is not not ideal, but, you know, if you're if you're in a points league, you're not as concerned about that. It's really the field goal percentage and and really the free throw percentage that's been dragging him down. I mean, he's been under 70% at the line, over the last month or so. 10 team league for for Johnny. So yeah. Again, depends on who was on the waiver wire. If there's a a better 4 game player, if there's somebody who could take advantage of injuries, yeah, maybe maybe you think about it. But, you know, not a crazy question by any means. Alright. Daniel says, would you drop Keonte George, Gary Trent, Malik Monk to add any of Najee Marshall, Jose Alvarado, or Malik Monk. So for 1, I don't I don't know if I dropped Malik Monk. You know, I I think with with the herder injury, there's just there's a lot of upside for Malik Monk the rest of the way. You know, obviously, he's coming off of a o of 11 game against Orlando. He's been pretty awful shooting the ball lately, but we know Malik Monk. We know that'll probably come back around. That's what you sign up for when you when you draft a a kind of a streaky player like him. So with no herder, I I still want Malik Monk. Gary Trent, Guate De George, Naji Marshall, Jose Alvarado, that's, you know, a little bit tougher. I'm not I'm not dropping I'm not dropping any of those guys to add Marshall or or Alvarado. Yeah. Those guys are just low usage players. They can have their games. Like, Alvarado can get forced deals in a game. Najee Marshall could have a double double. It can happen. But low usage players and those Keontay George and Gary Trent are they're balling right now. Like, they're great. Yeah. They're winning fantasy leagues for people, and, so is Malik Monk to an extent if you picked them up especially while he while he was down a cold streak. So, yep. Yeah. Garrett Trent's averaging 25 a game over the last 6. I mean, he is he is loving what's going on in Toronto here. He's basically the the number one option for for that team on a lot of nights, so I would not be getting rid of him. Alright. Couple more of them. We'll we'll head out here. I'll put myself out of my misery. Is Julius Randle a drop? He's in the playoffs. He has Anthony Simons and Jalen Johnson on IL already. Yeah. This is another tough call. Right? You know, somebody who haven't really had a ton of updates on. The Knicks did tell us earlier today that he's yet to take contact. Still working working on getting strength back in that shoulder. I mean, again, it kinda depends how deep into your playoffs you are, but I I I think we see Julius Randle back before the end of the regular season. It's like, what version of him do we see? There's probably a ramp up period. I I think if if it's do or die and you gotta obviously gotta win this round in the playoffs and you already have 2 guys on IL, I would be comfortable dropping him. I guess maybe the better question is would you would you drop Simons before him? I would say probably not just because we have no evidence that that's a longer term injury. Yeah. I I agree with everything. What with what you said. First of all, Jaylen Johnson has a better fantasy player than than Randall. Yeah. Like, point blank. So, and yeah. I mean, Johnson, as far as we know, that's relatively short term. And and as far as we know, Simons is very short term. So I would, I'd be fairly comfortable dropping Randall. Of course, you become more uncomfortable the longer your lead go league goes, but just how it is. You gotta survive. You gotta survive these playoff rounds. And if that's what it means, then, you know, so be it. When is JL Johnson back? Well, they said he's out at least a week, and that was on the 21st. So expectation would be that he misses at least 2 more games. They have a back to back Wednesday, Thursday. I would probably guess he misses both of those. Could be back as soon as Saturday against Milwaukee. I I just wouldn't count on Jalen or on Jalen Johnson this week. I I think if your, you know, if your league extends into next week, it's a 4 gamer for Atlanta, and they have another 4 gamer the final week of the regular season, and you're hoping he's back for that. Yeah. I would say just hope that he's back for early April. Yeah. Alright. 2 more here, and then we'll we'll bounce out of here. Isaiah Joe or Aaron Wiggins to stream for this coming Tuesday. This is an ultimate, like, we're at that point of the season question. Only 4 games on the schedule on Tuesday, so your options are limited. And, yeah, we're we're picking between a couple of thunder players here. OKC on the road at New Orleans. Oh, boy. Do you do you have a strong thought here, Alex? Well, if you need threes, go Joe. If you don't need threes, go Wiggins. But to me, it's to me, it's about as close of a wash as you could get. And I I think I would rather have Joe just for the threes upside. Yeah. I mean, Wiggins seems to be have, like, a slightly higher floor in terms of minutes. Like, Joe only played 8 minutes the other night against Milwaukee, but that game also got completely out of hand in the Q3. I I me, I would shoot for the upside with Joe and just hope that he hits, like, 3 threes off the bench. Yep. Alright. Going back to one of the previous questions, Daniel said, my drop was meant to be Beasley, not Monk. So I mean, I mean, if you if let's just say you're choosing between Malik Beasley or Malik Monk. You know, Beasley's gonna give you more consistent threes only. Monk's gonna give you better much better assist production, better points overall. I would I would still go with Malik Monk. I would go Malik Monk by by a mile to me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. We'll end on this one. Jabari Walker thoughts. Nice open ended question, on Jabari Walker who, I think you and I both like. You know? It's just it's kind of a a matter of, like, alright. Are the minutes there? His role is changing night to night. You know? He had that that run-in January February where he was starting a bunch of games. He's mostly been coming off the bench lately, but still playing a decent amount of minutes. Yeah. Really for Portland, it's just like, alright. Is Jeremy Grant out there? 1, is Deandre Ayton out there? 2, if not, love Jabari Walker. If those if those guys are in, then obviously is is ceiling is a little bit lower. But in general, I'm in. Like, if if you're in, like, a deeper, you know, dynasty type of league, I I'd really like Jabari Walker. Yeah. I think he's a better dynasty target than, like, this season. But it's really encouraging. Like, he's played double digit Megates in 38 straight appearances. Like, they're they're putting them out there. They're playing them all the time. His production really fluctuates, but that's because he's he's sort of a I don't wanna call him a specialist. He's sort of an odd prospect, but in a good way. Like, he is a he gets to the free throw long a ton, plays super physical, great offensive rebounder, decent defender. So yeah. He's he's a little bit undersized at, like, 6 foot 8, but he he he's fine. I'm intrigued for mostly for dynasty for this season. On a 4 game week, it's fine, but they're all probably better options if you're in a standard size league also. Yeah. And they're they're on a 3 gamer this week. They play Houston, Atlanta, Miami. Not not a great schedule other than the Atlanta matchup. His 20 highest minute games this year is averaging 11 points, 9 boards, 1 and a half assists, 1 blocks deal. Occasional threes, not really some that's not really part of this game right now. But, I mean, Portland's just looking for anything at this point. Right? You're just kinda trying to find keepers, for that roster when you're actually ready to to semi contend and and I think he's looked the part for the most part. Alright. That'll do it. We really just dove in on some of the biggest names in the NBA over the last 45 minutes, Alex. But that's that's the point of the season that we're at. We appreciate everybody still watching along, listening, firing us good questions. You know, good to see so many regulars in the chat who are still alive in their fantasy playoffs. So we hope we can continue to give you advice. You're still alive this time next week. We'll be back on Monday. We'll have doctor Ray tomorrow, myself and Brandon Kravitz on Wednesday, doctor Ray and Rick Campbell on Thursday. And you guys are are you still talking Waverwire every Friday? It's gotta be We are. I don't I don't remember when our when our last, when our last show is, but we are still doing it. Alright. Excellent. You can check out Alex and I Monday through Friday on the Roadwire NBA show if you're a SiriusXM listener. SiriusXM NBA 7 to 7:30 PM EST. We'll be previewing a monster Monday night slate. We got 11 games coming at us tonight, so check us out over on SiriusXM NBA 7 to 7:30 PM EST.