Welcome into a Wednesday edition of the Fantasy Basketball podcast. I am Nick Whalen joined as I will be every Wednesday throughout the NBA season, by my good friend, Brandon Kravitz. Brandon, we we were just comparing weather here as I am in, southeastern Wisconsin. You are down in Florida, and somehow it is the same temperature, in Milwaukee as it is in the greater Orlando area today. So we have we've reached that time of the year, and I I think that officially means that we're less than a week out from NBA season. Absolutely. I've been wearing a long sleeve shirt for almost 24 straight hours now. It's a wonderful thing. I mean, it's a welcomed addition to the outside scope here in Florida because it's been humid, hot, and disgusting for as long as I can remember. So whenever you get that chill in the air, it is always a welcomed feeling. It's good and bad. Alright? Well, for you, it's bad because once you feel it, you know, it's things are about to go south quickly. For us, it's like Exactly. It's gonna be 80 degrees by next week. It's going to be 41 degrees by the middle of next week here in Wisconsin. So those of us who enjoy the the great game of golf, those days are those days are coming to an end very quickly. So I'm gonna get out a couple times this weekend, and I think that's gonna be the final hurrah for the year. But we did not come here to talk weather. We did not come here to talk about my very pedestrian amateur golf game. We got a lot to get to on the show today. I wanna run through some preseason notes. You know, preseason coming to an end soon. We we've seen both teams now in action 3 or 4 times. Couple teams finishing out their slate as the week goes along. We're gonna talk about an article that I put up on the site earlier this week detailing you know, if you wanna have a safe draft or you wanna have a somewhat safe draft and you wanna know which players to target in each round. We'll talk about, you know, some of our kind of safety valve players, that we could always fall back on year in year out. We'll just kinda jump around, hit some other news items. Yeah. I just saw a tweet, Brandon, indicating that James Harden is a no show at Sixers practice today. I, like, I I still feel like we're at tier 1. Well, what what like, what's the what's the goal here at this point if you're if you're hard? Obviously, it's still to to force some sort of trade, but, like, why show up in the 1st place? Practice, but not scrimmage, you know, be around the team, and now he's away from the team. Like, I I I don't really know what levers he's exactly trying to pull here. You know, there there was some reporting, you know, unsourced or at least anonymously sourced yesterday, you know, that the the sixers are starting to canvas a little bit more aggressively as far as, you know, what a James Harden trade might look like, getting some other teams beyond the clippers involved. I I I still think the most likely scenario given that we're 6 days away from opening night is that harden opens the season with the team, but I I I don't know if he's gonna be out there at opening night. Like, I still think he'll be a member of the sixers, but do you do you expect him to play in their 1st game of the season? I don't so I've actually changed my tune on this the last couple of days. I don't think he's gonna be on the team by the time this the the season starts. Yep. I know that it's coming coming up soon. We're only a few days away from that, but this is a situation that, as James Harden has said himself, is not repairable. The sixers have high expectations this year. They can't start the season with a headache like this. You're not gonna get great value. That ship has sailed a long time ago. You just have to move off of James Harden, get what you can. They know that, and it seems like he's willing to play hardball in terms of not suiting up. He it said that he just wants to play basketball, but I think it was with a implied not for you. So I don't think he's gonna be on the team. He'll probably be may he might be traded by the time we drop this episode. It's possible. It's possible. You know, I I I think the fact that it's Daryl Morey on the other side of this, and he's, like, the one GM who I feel like has the the best track record of not being pushed around in these scenarios, I I I I have a hard time believing that he's just going to cave and and take 60¢ on the dollar for James Harden. But, you know, it it's it's gotten to the point now where I I think both sides would like this to be resolved before opening night, and that pressure is only gonna turn up before we get to the middle of next week and the sixers play their first game. You know, is there any other team that you could see emerging other than the LA Clippers? Like, I I I I don't know what team is lining up to get James Harden right now. I I think there are some teams that are probably monitoring this and saying, okay. You know, if if we could see him play for a couple months and and see that he's engaged and see that he still has it, you know, maybe later on, depending on how our season's going, we would consider bringing a player like that in. You know, you think of a team like the heat or, I don't know, the lakers who are always open to bringing in any big name player. But I I don't I think those teams feel pretty good about where they're at right now. I wouldn't be aggressive in in pushing the Clippers on that deal. I I think if you're the sixers and you say, you know, let's just, you know, for for the sake of conversation, do you wanna trade him by opening night? I I think my goal would be getting a 3rd team involved because I'm not I'm just not thrilled with what LA could offer here. Like, I'm not, I'm not the biggest Terrence fan guy. I know they're calling him like borderline untouchable. I don't, I get it. He's looked okay. You know, when he's been given the opportunity, but if that's the headliner that I'm getting back for James Harden, I'm not psyched about it. You know, it could be someone like Norman Powell who's, you know, a good 15 to 18 point per game guy off the bench. That's fine. But, you know, unless you get another team involved as the sixers, I don't think you're gonna get anything close to what, you know, peak James Harden gives you. I think the most likely scenarios he gets dealt for, especially if it's the Clippers, an unprotected first round pick. And then if you're Philadelphia, you cross your fingers and hope that the Clippers end up dealing with the injury bug, and that turns into a really valuable commodity. But I I just don't think you're gonna get a player of any substance in return at this point. I know it sounds crazy to say James Harden at his best is a really good player. There's just there's not a big market for him. The season's about to start. All these rosters are locked in, and the sixers wanna get rid of him a whole lot more than these other teams seem to wanna bring him in. I do think the Clippers make the most sense. I've thought that all along, far and away at the top of the list. There are a couple of others. I think Minnesota would be interesting, to add another piece to to their offense. I mean, if the Raptors wanted to try something different, I don't see them making a move like that. I know people keep throwing Miami out there. I think there's a less than 0% chance he ends up with the Miami Heat. Jimmy Butler has had a hard time getting along with teammates over the years because because other players he's played with aren't completely locked in and committed to basketball. James Harden strikes me as the kind of guy that would drive him absolutely crazy. So there there's no question about that. I I agree with you. I also like, part of me just as a a basketball, fan, just out of pure curiosity, I I kinda wanna see him in Miami to see if that's the one organization that could get the most out of him. Right? Like, for the most part, they've they've avoided, you know, these these I wouldn't say troubled players. Like, that that's not really fair to James Harden. But guys like Harden, you know, they they tend to avoid. But I I think, you know, some of these same criticisms that we we have about James Harden right now, well, we we could have said the same thing about Jimmy Butler when he was, you know, forcing his way out of Minnesota on national television. And, you know, you go to Miami and and you you kinda get with that organization, you get with that coaching staff, and they have a way about, you know, maximizing players, especially players like Harden who we've kinda questioned, you know, what what kind of shape they're in to begin seasons. Like, Miami doesn't doesn't deal with any of that. You know? So I I I do think that there's a case to be made that if there's one team that could kinda get James Harden where he needs to be at this point in his career, it is the Heat. But I I I think Miami is content to to kinda sit back, play this out at least until, you know, midseason trade deadline, and that's, you know, when they would hopefully you know, another superstar shakes free and and potentially make their move after striking out on Damian Lillard. I I do wanna ask you, you know, if if you think James Harden is being dealt in the next week or so, what does the speed for Tyrese Maxey? You know, his his composite ADP right now we have a great page on rotorwire.com. You could compare ADP from ESPN, CBS, Yahoo, Underdog, FanTrax, all the main sites. You know, Maxey's at 60.2 right now. He went 56 overall, in a a 14 team roto league that I did last night. If you think Harden's out the door and they're not bringing back another high usage star in that deal, which seems unlikely, Does that mean that you're willing, you know, to to push Tyrese Maxey up, you know, a half round or maybe even a full round? Absolutely. I I think a full round sounds like the right sort of move in terms of, the way his value would increase with James Harden not on the floor. We thought last year was gonna be that big breakout for Tyrese Maxey. He really just kinda steadied and stayed the same. He didn't have that big breakout season we were expecting. Without James Harden, I think that statistically, you would get that. He's improving or you you at least think at his stage in the game that he should be taking that next step. Mhmm. It just seems like he hit a little bit of a plateau. But with James Harden not in the way, I'm somebody's got a score other than Joel Embiid, so you would expect some really big nights for Maxey. Yeah. I like Maxey a lot. You know, Roto or points. I I don't think there's a huge distinction there. Although in Roto leagues, you know, 85% at the free throw line last year, that was actually his worst mark in 3 seasons. You know, he's he's had some 87, 88% years at the line, for for small of a player as he is, to to shoot, you know, 48% from the field in back to back years. It's huge. I mean, he was up over 43% for 3 last season and, you know, just going into his age 23 year. I think a lot to like, about Tyrese Maxey. I I don't have him in enough leagues yet. I I took Shangoon over him, you know, just kinda based on on my build. I started Tyrese Halliburton, Desmond Bane, Pascal Siakam with my thirst first three picks and and wanted to get a big man there. But I I certainly considered, taking Tyrese Maxey in round 4 of that roto draft last night. Alright. I wanna hit some some kind of random preseason notes here, Brandon, that we'll get into some of the safest players to draft, hit a few other topics, over the next 40 minutes or so. Your team, the Orlando Magic, was in action last night. They were taking on the New Orleans Pelicans. You know, we we saw kind of a a a weird game for the Pelicans over the weekend. They were playing the Rockets, and, you know, there were a few supercuts going around on Twitter of, like, just woefully poor effort levels on the defensive end from from the Pelicans, including Zion Williamson. But, this was the Zion that we've been wanting to see last night. Played 16 minutes, went 6 of 8 from the field, 16 points, 3 rebounds, 3 assists, 5 steals, and 2 blocks. You know, we we we have to put out the caveat every time we talk about Zion, the injuries. You know, he's basically been a, like, 30 to 50 game player. Are you willing to take that risk this time around? Has he shown you enough? Just being there in the building last night, being able to see him in person for the first time, I've always the Zion appearance has always eluded me because he's either been hurt or there was COVID, and I couldn't go to the building. There was always something going on. I yeah. I'll I'll I'll all the, all restraints are off for me. I'm blown away. I mean, this is the Zion that I that I had hoped to see when when witnessing it in person. It was it was the best version of of him playing basketball. Plays above the rim, played hard on defense, got his teammates involved. He knows his space on the floor. If he's gonna play like that I mean, look. He've only played 29 games last year. That's been well documented. But look at the numbers he put up when he was on the floor. 26 points per game, 7 rebounds, 5 assists. Now he's gonna add, the the defensive side of into his repertoire. We know he's capable of it, but was he a willing defender? And and that body seems like he has been working out a bit. He looked more put together than than pudgy, which we have seen from Zion. Absolutely blown away. Perhaps a little still still a little high off of what I witnessed last night, but, yeah, I'm I'm totally in on Zion. I I wanna be in. I really do. I I will take him. I've decided, like, at or around ADP. You know, he went he went in the the early forties. I think he went 41 overall, in the the 18 Roto League that we drafted last night, and I I'm still not willing to go there. Like, I I'm not jumping ADP for Zion. We've learned our lesson on that one too many times. But I like, last year, he was a total cross off for me. Like, I I wouldn't have taken him anywhere inside probably the top, you know, 65 or 70. You know, this year, if it if it gets to, like, you know, the end of round 4, you know, if we're talking like Shangun, versus Zion or Tyrese Maxey versus Zion, like, that that that is more of a debate to me. I think you just have to be realistic about what the expectations are. Like, if you're if you're big on Zion, like and you're taking him, you know, early in round 3, which you'll see every now and then, like, I I I think you have to expect 50 to 55 games. Anything you get beyond that is a bonus. That's great. But you you cannot really plan your team, especially in a road league where you're you're so worried about specific categories and and, you know, kind of trying to balance risk reward early in the draft. I I I'm I'm not willing to go as far as to say, alright. I I think he could play 65 games. Like, you know, 50 to me is is a win if he gets there. So I think it really depends on your own confidence of your ability to find players that you think could be suitable replacements later in the draft. If you've if you think that you have those players targeted, then take your shots at the point where Zion is going off the board. I think you make a really good point. Do you wanna jump ADP super aggressively with Zion? You probably you're more likely to get burned, than have that payoff. But if you get him at cost, there are some of those guys who might even end up talking about them, the safer players. Like, I'm drafting him. I'm looking right now at rotorwire.com being drafted right around the same spot as Nick Vucevic. I'm taking Zion every day of the week because we know what Vuce is. He'll give you that nice steady performance, 17 and 11 pretty much every single night, but Zion's got that league winning upside. Now I'm just willing to take that shot at cost, I think, without a doubt. I am because when he plays, he is just a complete difference maker, and his style is so conducive to just simply putting up these gaudy stats. I wanna be on the right side of that. Yeah. You know, I would go as far as to say that he is him when he plays, Brandon. He really is. I mean, he's much younger than me, say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A 100% true. I thought he was for both teams, he was the best player on that I saw on the floor last night without a doubt. And Franz played really well, by the way. Yeah. Well, let's talk about the magic side of this. I I can assure you that this will be the most magic slanted basketball podcast that anybody listens to throughout the season. I mean, you are you are apologize in advance for that. Oh, hey. That's that's a good thing. The Magic are a fun team this year. You know, you are as boots on the ground as it gets with the Orlando Magic. And, it was not a great night for Paolo Bacquero. You know, for the most part, I think he's looked really good in the preseason, but 2 of 9 last night, for 5 points in just 20 minutes. You mentioned France. He looked fantastic. He he kinda mentioned in the safest players article, 19 points for him on 8 of 11 in just 19 minutes. Anything else to point out either from this game last night against New Orleans or just some, you know, general preseason long trends that you've noticed with Orlando? Yeah. I mean, just as a team in general, this isn't one single player specific, but it could help bolster some of the fantasy value for these guys is that they've put a lot of emphasis into shooting more corner threes, attracted during the first half last night. They attempted 9 threes from the corner. They made 6 of them. This is a team that really struggled with their 3 point shooting percentage, and it wasn't just one guy, Jalen Suggs, Gary Harris, Wendell Carter Junior, Franz Wagner, all these guys. It was clearly a mission from Jamal Mosley to, to to spray to for spacing purposes and to have everybody feel comfortable in that spot because it's the most high percentage 3 that's out there. So it's a clear point of emphasis for this team. If it's something that works throughout the I don't expect them to shoot at that rate, over 50% over the course of the season from deep to slow and realistic, but, they were the 25th worst team in the NBA in term in terms of 3 point shooting. So, hopefully, you see that improve just based on the game plan. Anthony Black and Jett Howard, I think you can take off your board completely. I think that might be my biggest fantasy takeaway from last night. Those guys didn't play until the second half. This was a full dress rehearsal for the Magic and for the Pelicans. So last night was a good indication of what this team is what the rotations are gonna look like. And those 2 guys, I know they were drafted inside of the top 11. And for Anthony Black, drafted inside of the top 10, he was the 6th overall pick. These guys are gonna be nonfactors early on in the season. Where do you come in on the Magic win total? 37a half is the number at FanDuel. You'll see some 36a halfs out there at some other books. This was a 34 win team a year ago. James Anderson and I, you know, did our our annual win total spot for the east earlier this week. Hate to say it, Brandon. We both went under on the magic. I I I I like where this team is headed overall, but part of the reason is what you just mentioned. Like, they they had 2 lottery picks. I don't think either of those guys are going to be real impact players this season. You know, their other their other huge off season addition was bringing in Joe Ingalls who to be looked completely washed, as a member of the Bucks last season. So I I I I think there's going to be, you know, internal improvement with guys like Baquero and Wagner. But I I always worry about how many games Wendell Carter is going to play. And, you know, the shooting to me remains a big concern. Right? Like, if you're starting Fultz and Suggs and, you know, I I think you'll shoot it better this year, but went through some big time struggles. I think he hit, like, 13 in the month of February last season. Like, I I I do worry about the overall shooting on this team. You know, you you could be starting, like, 2 of the worst shooting guards in the NBA together. I think the other side of that, though, is that Fultz and especially Jalen Suggs are really good defensive players, so they should be able to they should be able to slow down opposing guards a little bit better than most teams around the NBA. So maybe they can mitigate some of that. And on the nights where they are shooting well, they're gonna have, quite the advantage because of that. France is gonna be steady. Palos, Palos. So, I mean, I don't need to sell you on that. The reason why I would take the over, and I know that that shocks you. I'm the magic guy. I've taken the the over for the win total. Last year, they started 5 and 20. They were they were just brutalized by injury. They were an above 500 team from the 26th game on for the remainder of the season. I think that's a better indication of what they are. A team that's, like, 404042 and 40 or or 40 and 42. Like, that's that to me is what the Magic are right now. And when you consider some of those players that, Cole Anthony, Markelle Fultz, Jalen Suggs, that glut at guard, these are all guys that are in contract years. So you're about to get one hell of an effort from all of them. We know players always play their best when they're playing for the dollar. So I think I think the Magic are good for close to 40 wins. We will see. We will see. We'll go head to head on that one. I I I still like the under, especially if you're getting it at 37a half. I I think this is a team to me that that will be in the in the plan, you know, conversation. I I I don't know that I see them, you know, pushing for, like, 6, 7 seed. To me, they're they're closer to the bottom end of that, but, very interested to see how that plays out. We gotta talk about somebody that I did not think we would mention at any point through the first few weeks of the spot, Brandon. Julian Strother out in Denver, continuing to play well in the preseason, had 12 points last night against the Clippers. That was actually his worst game by far of the exhibition slate, when 3 of 11 from the field, 2 of 7 from 3. But prior to that, he'd had 3 straight games where he'd hit 4 3 pointers. They're just coming in with a a ton of confidence, somebody that they traded back into the 1st round to get, at pick 29 out of Gonzaga. I I'm, you know, a little bit hesitant as far as what his role will be right away. Yeah. This is a team that still has KCP. They got they got Christian Brown, who they're expecting to take a big leap this season. I mean, Justin Holiday, who's kinda been this, like, random plug and play guy, and I I think he's kind of a trustworthy veteran on both ends of the floor. I think he'll play as well. And, you know, Reggie Jackson's in the mix at guard. So I I don't know that Strahler is gonna be walking into, like, 20 minutes a night right away, but I I I think this is someone that at this point we we do need to be keeping an eye on. And, you know, if you're looking for just one of those, like, hail Mary picks in in the last two rounds of a draft, like, he's somebody that I'm I'm willing to entertain now, in that conversation. Yeah. It's fun to slam the button on a guy that's been outstanding in the preseason. I think this is more preseason fool's gold than anything else. Yeah. But he was outstanding at Gonzaga, seems to have rolled right over into this opportunity with Denver. I just don't see where the minutes really are. So this, this is a name that when he does pop up at random due to injury, we'll go, hey. Remember when he had that great preseason? But other than that, I I think you'll probably you might draft him and feel you know, you'll feel good about it hitting that button late in drafts, and then he'll be on the waiver wire sooner than later. Yeah. I'm hoping this is not like a a Josh Selby Summer League conversation. You know, somebody that we're bringing up 10 years later and be like, oh, yeah. He was Summer League MVP. That that was a fun time. Alright. Real quickly, I wanna ask you about Kristaps Porzingis, who has looked amazing, through through the preseason. I mean, I I think one of the concerns with Porzingis Fantasy wise was alright. He was kinda like the the option 1 a, 1 b over the second half of last season once Bradley Beal was out of the lineup in Washington. Now he goes to potentially being the the 3rd or even 4th option on a lot of nights for the Celtics, but he's been a seamless fit. I I think you've in a very limited preseason sample, he looks to be like somebody who is benefiting from playing with better players around him. I mean, look. Just some of the looks that he's getting, some of the wide open threes. You know, just 4 of 8 from downtown last night in a win over the Knicks. 20 points, 8 boards, 2 blocks in 28 minutes. I I remain skeptical. He's exactly the type of player that I typically avoid. I I I always tend to be a a safer drafter, whether we're talking fantasy football or fantasy basketball. I don't like taking guys who have a track record of playing, like, 43 games a year. Where are you at on Porzingis? Is he is he kinda convinced you to take that leap at all? I'm I'm pretty much the same way. If I don't get one of those elite bigs at the top, I usually end up more more safe in terms of filling out that roster spot. But he does intrigue me because of his unicorn ability, though Mhmm. We've been, privy to throughout the course of his career. 50% from 3 last night. This is a guy that can knock it down if you do leave him open, and the Celtics are gonna score enough points where if you're the 3rd option, you can still have decent numbers. I would say Mhmm. Buyer beware a little bit of just judging based on what you saw last night even though, you know, it's not like an oddity stat line, but he he also he only played 28 minutes. He'll give you more than that Yeah. In the regular season. When he plays the Knicks, he's gonna blow up. So that's it's sort of that's my point. He's gonna have his best outings will be against his former team. I can almost guarantee that. I like Porzingis. Don't love him. Not willing to reach on him. Yeah. Guarantee that. I like Porzingis. Don't love him. Not willing to reach on him. Yeah. I hope he stays healthy. I mean, it's it's significantly more fun when guys like him are involved. You could say the same thing about Zion Williamson. Like, obviously, I I'm a Bucks fan. I would prefer that the Bucks are the team that emerges from the east, and I think the Celtics are, you know, the primary team that's going to stand in their way. But I I don't want to go into the Eastern Conference finals with Kristaps Porzingis out with a knee injury. You know? I I think it's more fun if if, you know, if all these guys are at full strength, but still not ready to to, you know, draft a guy like that in the thirties in a fantasy draft. Let's talk a little Toronto Raptors, Brandon. They they get a 106, 102 win in the preseason last night over the Chicago bulls. This one, you know, felt like a pretty real dress rehearsal, I think, for both sides. Right? We saw, you know, most players play into the the late twenties. A lot of the key guys on both teams in terms of minutes. Yeah. We saw, I think, a relatively realistic spread of of what the minutes could look like off the bench for both sides. I I'm curious to get your take on, like, what is the general direction for the Toronto Raptors this season? Like, they they they to me were one of the most difficult win totals to pick, and you you're getting a low number as far as the Raptors go. I think it was, like, 37a half down actually now down to 35a half Wow. At the DraftKings sports book. It was 37a half on Monday, when we recorded that pod. So it's already on the decline. I think there is there is this underlying belief that, okay, Toronto's gonna feel it out. They're they're gonna see what their team is, but, you know, this could finally be the year where, you know, that they they look to hit some sort of I I don't think it'll be a full reset. You know, I I don't think they're the type of team that wants to go into a season and and win, like, 18 games. But, you know, they have a a smart, forward thinking front office, a front office that we trust to make the right decisions. You know, what do you think this team looks like early on? And is there an up is there a chance, I should say, you know, that Pascal Siakam, OGN, and Obi, guys like that could be on the move if they want to eventually reset this thing around Scotty Barnes? I I just I don't think they're the type of organization to bottom out. So that's where I'm skeptical on that number, but, clearly, that's been hit by some smart money for it to drop by a couple of wins. So, you know, take that into account. But just based on my perception of the Toronto Raptors, they are they're the heat of the North. They don't do it quite as well, but they do have a championship in the last several years to their name because of their ability to get aggressive when when they know it can put them over the top. So getting Kawhi Leonard, I think it Mhmm. It definitely had a lot of us in the basketball community taking them more seriously as a franchise that's willing to put the pedal to the metal when they see they have a roster they can win. I'm not sure this is that roster, but I don't trust them to bottom out. So I think they're gonna hold a number of these pieces so that they can at least maintain some level of stability. Do they move off of a Gary Trent junior who they brought back? Do they move off of OG Inanobe whose name has lived on the trade block? Even Pascal Siakam, if they wanted to swing for the fences and bring in someone else to just shake things up. All of those things are possibilities, but I felt like last year was the year if they were gonna make moves to blow up this roster. The fact that that didn't happen makes me think Mhmm. They're just gonna stay the course, and and they do just cut cross their fingers and hope that one of these guys like Scottie Barnes turns into a full blown superstar. Yeah. Scottie Barnes looked great last night. 22, 6 rebounds, 3 assists, 2 steals, 4 blocks. I I've not got as much Scottie Barnes as I would like this year. I I went went hard on Scottie Barnes, last year, Brandon, and that worked out to to varying degrees, but it was not quite the 2nd year leap we were expecting. But I I think I think the best case scenario for Barnes is they do, you know, hit a hard reset mid season. Right? And I I think Siakam to be is the obvious one. You know, Ojayan and Obi, I I think they they value him and and rightfully so. They value him maybe more than than a lot of other teams do. Like you said, he's been in every trade conversation for the last 2 years, and they never pull the trigger, be because I I think they they really place a high value on what he could be. Siakam, love the player. You know, he he's one of the safest guys to draft in fantasy every year. Because of, you know, plays a ton of minutes, and we'll we'll see what, you know, what that looks like post Nick Nurse because that was something I'd always gave the Toronto Raptors, like, a 5% boost because you just knew those starters were gonna play, like, 36 to 38 minutes every night 46. When a lot of teams aren't doing that anymore. But Siakam is an expiring contract. You know, he he's kinda gunning for for a potential super max eligibility, and, you know, this will be his his age 30 season. Right? And I I Toronto to me is not the type of franchise that is going to wanna pay a max or or certainly not a super max to a player of of of where Siakam is at in his career right now. Yeah. I agree. But if he if he does I mean, if he maintains that level of all NBA sort of status, then why not? So if there's if they're looking for the what is the core moving forward, it's it's hard to move off of a guy like that. I think unless you have a and it's just you also have to keep in mind, this upcoming draft is not supposed to be what this past one was. There's no Wenbinama coming out. So if you're gonna bottom out, what are you doing it for? It's it's another thing to keep in mind when think when projecting forward. So you're right about the draft, but I I also feel like we say this, like, every other year. You know, there there's not a Wenbinama prize. No question about that. And there's as of right now, there's not even a, you know, a Scoot Henderson level prospect, I think, available. But I I I feel like, historically, every time that we've said it's a bad draft, there's always somebody. Right? Somebody emerges, whether it's, you know, now now you got all these different channels, whether it's the g league ignite, whether it's overtime, whether it's a college player, you know, you know, I I think Brandon Miller was on the radar coming into the college season. I I I don't think, you know, going into November of of last year, anybody would have said that Brandon Miller was, you know, gonna go number 2 overall in the draft. So I I have the belief that drafts, you know, that we think are going to be bad always, you know, you talk yourself into players. It's the same thing in the NFL when you say, oh, it's a bad quarterback draft. And what happens every time? You you got 3 quarterbacks that go on the top 5 picks because of need and because teams talk themselves into these players. The the other thing to keep an eye on with Toronto, Brandon, is they owe their 20 24 1st round pick to San Antonio, and it is protected 1 through 6. So what they don't wanna be is, like, the 7th worst team, and you're you're handing over the number 7 pick to San Antonio. So you either you either need to be confidently, you know, in that, like, middle zone in the east where you're you're pushing for a playoff spot or a play in spot, and you're okay maybe forking over, like, 15th overall pick. But the the other side of that is if if you do decide to rebuild this thing and you do sell off pieces, you don't like how you start the season, you gotta make sure you're in the bottom 6 because the whole point of that is is not to, you know, be giving up a a lottery pick to San Antonio. So they have they have some interesting things to keep in mind in terms of that 2024 pick. Yeah. They'll be a fun team to keep an eye on early on in the season because if they end up outproducing what we expect from them, then they probably don't do anything. This is this is not an organization that wants to make big moves, but they'll make them if they have to. I just haven't really seen them bottom out in a long time, so it's hard for me to believe that they're gonna do that. But please remind me throughout the course of the season that when the Raptors play the Bulls to just take the underdog, whoever's catching points, take that team because these teams are evenly matched. Yeah, man. We'll we'll talk about the bulls on a on another episode. That's just, that's a franchise that to me is just you know, they are dead set on wing exactly 38 games, with the roster they have right now. Spider Man meme. These two teams are the same. But at least one of them has Scottie Barnes. Right? It's like the Bulls don't have that that young asset that, you know, conceivably you could you could talk yourself into building around. And, you know, even even Anadobi and Siakam, it's like I I think those guys probably have more trade value, you know, certainly than Buscevic does at this point, and, you know, DeRozan's expiring. I I don't I don't I don't wanna go down the Bulls rabbit hole. This is this is dangerous territory. We'll we'll save that, for another week. Fair. Before we talk about the safest players to target in each round, we got a couple messages to pass along from our wonderful sponsors. 1st, underdog fantasy. Underdog is the number one platform for best ball leagues, and that includes fantasy basketball. It's not just football over at underdog. Underdog's featured best ball tournament for the upcoming season has $500,000 in total prizes. If you have not tried underdog yet, new users at underdog receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100, plus you get a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire that takes you through, obviously, all of draft season, most of the NBA season. All you gotta do to get that subscription and to get that deposit bonus is use the promo code rwnfl. That's rwnfl. Go to underdogfantasy.com, or you can download the underdog app. It's one of the best fantasy apps out there, really friendly user interface. Go download that app or go to underdogfantasy.com. And, again, be sure to use our promo code rwnfl. That will get you the deposit bonus up to a $100 as well as the free 6 month subscription to rotor wire, and that's all sports. You know, if you're if you're prepping for your fantasy baseball draft, it's not like you just get NBA content. You get everything that we offer over at rotor wire. We're also welcoming a new sponsor to the pod this week that is Vivid Seats. The NBA season is almost here. And on behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing nothing, Brandon, beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, every dribble, and every heart pounding play from your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual awards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you could be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today and use our promo code rotowire, r0towire. That'll get you $20 off your first ticket purchase of at least $200. Again, that promo code is rotowire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vividseeds. Experience it live. Alright, Brandon. I I mentioned at the top, put up a piece, that that you can find at rotawire.com. It also went, up on Yahoo Fantasy Basketball. So check it out on one of those two platforms, the safest players to target in each round. And, you know, obviously, when when you're talking safe players in in any sort of fantasy game, the number one thing that comes to mind is games played. Right? And and that is that is at the forefront more than it's ever been in fantasy basketball. These last two seasons, especially, I think, have been extremely frustrating. You know, I've had a couple of leagues that have converted from weekly lineups to daily lineups just because of, you know, how how much variance there's been in terms of games missed. I know the NBA, and they continue to implement, you know, small changes to to try to, you know, spur players into playing more. I'm not of the belief that we're going to see a massive turnaround. You know, I think maybe over the over the long term, that there might be a trend that the NBA can can kinda work on, but I don't think year over year, you know, all these guys that played 60 to 65 games are suddenly going to be playing 77, 78 games. So this is something we're going to be dealing with year in and year out. The important thing for me when I go into a draft, especially early on, you wanna find that that risk reward balance. You don't wanna take all safe players, but, you know, if you're if you're drafting Kyrie Irving in the second or you're taking Zion Williamson, like, you wanna balance that out and make sure that if things go awry with a guy like that, that you have, you know, some safety to fall back on. So I went through I I broke down the the safest player to target in each round, talked about some of the honorable mentions, you know, other safe players. In in round 1, it was pretty obvious. You know, I I almost felt bad, you know, writing this one up because everybody's like, duh. But Nikola Jokic, you know, part of what makes him so unique in fantasy is not only does does he have the highest upside of any player in the NBA. I I I think you could argue that he's also the safest of all the superstars. Yeah. I don't know how much we need to sell people in Nikola Jokic, but I completely agree. I mean, he's he is the 101 for me without a doubt. I actually just did 2 underdog drafts just a couple of days ago. And, you know, they place you randomly in their best ball drafts in terms of your draft position. It's not like, you know, you have to, like, race your friends or anything like that for the season long leagues. I I wound up with the number one pick in both, and I did not overthink it. I just took Jokic both both drafts. Let's just load up on that. I'm fine having Jokic shares this year. Yeah. And that's about exactly what I put in the piece was look. If if you're at 11, don't overthink it. Technically, Jokic, there's been really no reason to believe that that's not the safest investment you can make. And, you know, at look. At at some point, he's probably going to get hurt, but he's been wildly durable. I I think there's something to be said about, you know, he's been criticized for his physique, but I I also think there's just something about, like, the the lack of strain, I think, that he puts on his body, especially during the off season. Like, I in a roundabout way, I think that actually helps him in the NBA. He's he's not somebody that's ever, you know, put a ton of time into his body. And and for the most part, it's worked out for him. So I'm not gonna tell him to to adjust that. You know, he's he's averaging 74 and a half games per season since coming into the league, yeah, which is, you know, extremely high, especially when you compare it, to a lot of the guys that that go in round 1. So not a whole lot to say there. You know, I mentioned Jayson Tatum as as my honorable mention. You know, the great thing about Tatum is you can often get him, you know, 5, 6, 7, sometimes, you know, even later in the first round. And there there are certainly players with more upside. Like, I I don't think in a best case scenario, Jayson Tatum has, like, number 1 overall player upside, but, you know, his ADP right now is 5.4. If you take him at 5, you know, like, worst case scenario, it feels like he's gonna return, like, late first round value. Yeah. He's he's a guy you know exactly what you're gonna get. He's been steady over the years, and and I think he still has MVP, an MVP level season in him. We talked about that on one of our prior episodes. I actually think he's a good value, at MVP, and he's if he's able to pull off something like that or anything even close to it, then he's gonna return that value and then some. So, yeah, when I get to that that range where the guys that that should go ahead, the obvious, Jokic, Doncic, Embiid, Giannis. I'm taking, SGA over Tatum, but I think right after that, I'm go I I would take Jayson Tatum over Tyrese Halliburton. I don't know where you end up landing on that. Yeah. I I I think I would have done the same thing last night, in our in our Rota League. I actually ended up taking Halliburton at 4, over SGA. Tatum went 3 in that draft. I believe it was an auto draft situation. So I I I would have would have been happy to land Tatum. Like, that's that's exactly the type of draft that that I tend to to lead on, especially in a league. Like, I I love Luca, but the free throw percentage for how many he takes and how little improvement there's been, like, that that really is kind of a killer. And Tatum is just, you know, so well rounded across the board. I I don't really I don't really worry about, you know, the arrival of Porzingis and Holiday impacting him too much. You know, if anything, you worry about maybe Jaylen Brown taking a slight step back in terms of usage, but I I think Tatum is is pretty solidly installed as their number one option. You know, in round 2 and, you know, we we won't just narrate my entire article. I I I will say that, but, these early round picks are fun to talk about. You know, I Trae Young is who I settled on for my safest pick in round 2. And I I think there is a, there is a disconnect between how we think about Trae Young in real life and how we should think about him in fantasy. I mean, he's been a top 15 player in 4 straight years. He's got a pair of top 5 finishes in that span. For for a player who's as small and slight as he is, I mean, he's been remarkably durable. Yes. 73 and 76 games the last two seasons. I love this. I love the fact that you teed this up in your article because you're a 100% right. We view Trae Young as a guy go, okay. Well, I mean, in regular season success, the guy can't get it done in the playoffs. You get that one blip of the Eastern Conference finals appearance. But, and then then there is that perception that he gets hurt all the time, but the last 2 years, that has not been the case. And I like the fact that Quin Snyder has upped the pace. They're up about 15 spots in the NBA in terms of just overall pace from their days of, Nate McMillan being the head coach. So more more pace means more possessions, more chances to score. The ball does tend to stop with Trey, but I think Quin Snyder is is starting to speed him up a little bit. And if he's knocking down threes, you're gonna be very happy having him on your roster. Well and if the ball stops with them, that's great for Fantasy. That that might not be great for the Hawks, but that's that's exactly what we want. I want the ball to stop at in Trae Young's hands. You you mentioned the 3 pointers. That's that's something to monitor because it's kind of been every other year for him. Like, 1st year in the NBA, you know, he struggled early on was about 2 threes per game. 2nd year when he really broke out, oh, you know, almost averaged 30, 3.4 made threes per game. The year after that, he's down to 2.2, then he was back up to 3.1. And then last year, it was back down to 2.1. You know? I I I think we we think of Trae Young as, like, this junior version of Stephen Curry, but in terms of volume, that has really not been the case. Yeah. He has moments where he he steps into the Oklahoma version of himself, but he he really does. He gets to the rack really well, and he utilizes that part of his game. Midrange is there. And, Yeah. I would actually I would like him to shoot more threes because he's quite good at it. Yeah. No question about that. You know, percentage wise, he's kinda gone every other year as well. I mean, he was 38.2% in 2021, 22 down to 33a half last season. So I guess I guess history suggests that this is the year that he, you know, bounces back and it keeps that trend going and and gets you over 333 pointers per game, which, obviously is huge for Fantasy. You know, round 3 to me is really interesting. There's a there's a lot of safety in round 3. Like, I that that's actually one of my favorite rounds to draft because I I feel like you always there's not really a player who typically goes in round 3 where I would say, I I don't really feel good about that pick. You know, it's like you got, like, LeBron is falling to round 3 in in a lot of drafts. I'm, for the most part, skeptical just because of the games played with him. But, like, D'Shaughnter Murray, you know, Trae Young's teammate in Atlanta, he's been remarkably durable as well, as, you know, huge upside in terms of steals. Pascal Siakam, is the player I ended up settling on. We've already talked about him, so we don't have to go, into a ton of depth. But Bam Adebayo, was another player that I highlighted as well. I I think with Bam, like, there's there's still, like, a little bit of lingering disappointment for me because, you know, I think it was coming out of the bubble season. You know, we're thinking like, man, this guy this guy could be like an end of the first round type of player if he continues to develop. And he's he's gotten better at the things that he's already good at, but the fact that he has not been able to expand his shooting range to me is is is a disappointment. And and, obviously, Miami has been just fine without that. You know, the shot blocking has kinda come and gone, a little bit. But in Roto Leagues, you know, the fact that he was a an 80 plus percent free throw shooter for a guy who was hovering around the mid seventies earlier in his career. Like, that that to me is is, you know, been the biggest boost to his fantasy profile. Not a player who has, I wouldn't even say, you know, top 20, top 15 upside, but if you're taking about around his ADP of, like, 32, 33, I I I don't see a world at which you're disappointed. Well and that's what this is all about. Your article is about is about safety and delivering on expectations. Sometimes you wanna draft players that are gonna deliver the output of where you drafted them exactly, and he's been able to do that. You pointed out in the article, he ranked 32nd, 34th, 21st, and 31st, respectively over the last 4 seasons. So this is a guy that wherever you take him, you know, in that range, he'll give you that if he stays on the floor, and he's proven that he can do that as well. Yeah. So in route 4, talk about Jaylen Brown, you know, another guy who's he's he's had some minor injury issues, but, for the most part, I feel like it's pretty safe. You know, gonna gonna give you 3rd, maybe early 4th round value depending on how many games he plays. We already touched on Busovich. I mean, he's been he's been as safe as it gets. He's he's played 70 games in 5 of the last 7 seasons, played all 82 last year. But he is 33 and you do feel like at some point, you know, maybe there could be a falloff coming. Talked about Julius Randall in round 5, another guy who I, I think his fantasy profile doesn't necessarily match up with with how he's valued in real life. What once you get into round 6, round 7, that's where we start to get variants. Like, there's not there's not really such thing as, like, a rock solid safe option when you're talking about picking in the late sixties. And and that's kinda why I settled on Franz Wagner. And it's, you know, it's tough when you when you're talking about a player who's only been in the league for 2 years. But I I love what I've seen from Franz Wagner. I love what I've seen from him in the preseason. You know, he's barely missed any time. I think he's missed, what, like, 5 total games over his first two seasons. But you are more qualified to talk about Franz Wagner than me. So is there is there another leap coming for him in year 3? I think that he can he can take a a step up. A a leap, I don't see because he's already playing like he's a 5 year vet. I don't think you can look at this guy like, oh, it's he's entering into year 3, so waiting for that breakout. I think he already is who he is, but who he is is a really good, safe, and steady player. He's an Ironman. He plays through ankle injuries all the time. It's not that he doesn't get hurt. It's that he's one of the rare players in the NBA that actually plays through his injuries. Yes. I know. It sounds crazy. And he's hot right now too coming off of the guy's just played so much basketball recently. He played EuroBasket last year. FIBA, this year, he's played almost all of his NBA games that he's been available for. In this preseason, he's shooting 75% from the field. So I'm you know, that all of those things, he's gonna be the most steady producer on the Magic night in and night out. Even more so than Paolo will give you the splash games, Franz is gonna give you the same stat line every single night. Yeah. I I feel like he's the he's gonna, like, take the torch from, like, Khris Middleton and Tobias Harris as, like, just those those perfect safety valves. So you can always get, like, a round later than you should be going, in fantasy draft. Yeah. Because people don't get excited about him, but this is all about like you said, this is about balancing your roster. You're never gonna win by going risk every single round. You're never gonna win going safe every single round. So can you balance those two things? And Franz is the perfect balance to, hey. If you took Zion the round before, go ahead and take France in Yes. You know, in in that range. Alright. I wanna hit out a couple more players, and then we'll talk about some late round values and, and get out of here for the day. Rudy Gobert. Rudy Gobert was a a major thorn in my side last year. I I think he is the sole reason, that I ended up being a buyer in the rotor wire snake league. I spent way too much on him. That was an auction format. And somehow I got him again in that league. I I did not want to. Believe me, that was not the goal, but he he he went for, like, $13 cheaper than last season. Basically it was a a situation where I couldn't let Ken Crites get him for, like, $15. So I I ended up, you know, trying to trying to beat him up a little bit, got stuck with him, but I I think I got him for, like, 16 or 17 in a $200 budget, which I was okay with. His ADP in in draft leagues is 64.4 right now. That's right about where he finished last year. Am I wrong to to think that last year was the baseline? And if he does that again and you take him in the sixties, so be it. You'll live with it. It's a lot different than taking him, like, 25th like you were last year. Is there a bounce back here, or are are you of the belief that, you know, Rudy Gobert's best days are behind him? Him? It is crazy when you look back and think of how excited we were that he was with the Minnesota Timberwolves and just how Oh, man. Just how yeah. I mean, that ADP last year, absolutely ridiculous to that. I was so in on that team. I I actually wouldn't look back. We we did a, like, preseason, you know, fictional $1,000 futures bets, and, like, myself and James Anderson were, like, just pounding Timberwolves bets left and right. Yeah. That feels like last year is what he is. 5th overall in the NBA in terms of rebounds, scores about 13 points per game, which isn't that different from what he was doing in Utah. He's giving you the blocks. I mean, that dropped off a little bit, last season. I would expect that to bounce back. He's an excellent defensive player. You, you've mentioned free throw percentage a number of times on the pod today. You're not getting that from, from mister Gobert. So you kinda have to just stomach that sort of thing that's that's par for the course for, for most bigs in the NBA. But, yeah, I think last year is I think baseline is a good way to put it. I feel like that is that is who he is. You're not gonna get a better version of him, but I I I can't imagine that that he is continuing to slide in the other direction. I I think we may have just overvalued him. And and more than any anybody, Minnesota did. I mean, he's only 31. Right? I think if he was if he was 33, 34, I I I would not be rostering him in any league. But I I'm of the belief that there could be a minor bounce back. Like, I'm not saying he's gonna come back and be, like, 2 and a half blocks, 14 rebounds a game. Like, those those days are probably gone. And, you know, Karl Anthony Towns is also probably playing more than 29 games this year, which I don't think I don't think really hurts Scobare all that much, but it certainly doesn't help him the more that Towns is in the lineup. We didn't see much of a a change in terms of his production with or without Towns last year. You mentioned the free throw percentage. That's always an issue. I I guess at least he's taking, like, 2 fewer free throws per game, so it's maybe not as damaging as it was in years past. But, you know, 64, 65%, that that's something that you're gonna have to work to either lean into and punt or or try to offset in a roto league. But you just need them to like, like, the points and rebounds, I'm not that concerned about. Like, if he just gives you 13 points and 12 boards again, that's fine. But it's gotta be the blocks. Like, he he could have the blocks to to be there. I mean He was that was his worst that was his worst season on par. Since his rookie year. He he had half as many blocks last year as he did, you know, with Utah 2 years ago. Like, that just can't happen. Like, even if he just gets to, like, 1.9 or or 2.0 blocks per game, you could live with that, and I I think he'll be a decent value. But, yeah, I I I'm waiting into those waters pretty trepidatiously, but I I do think if, you know, for a guy with this track record, he's also been wildly healthy as far as, like, 72 big men go. Not many guys his size play as many games as he has, you know, over the last decade. So I I I do think there's a little bit more safety there with Gobert, than you would think. Everybody feels like they're just completely out on him. I wanna ask you about Buddy Hield as well. His ADP, sitting in the low eighties, I mentioned him as as one of my favorite safe players to target in round 7. You know, since Buddy Heel entered the league in 2016, he is number 1 in total games played by 23. Nobody else is even all that close. He's number 2 in total made 3 pointers with 1,705. He ranks behind only Stephen Curry in that category. He's finished 2nd in the NBA in total made threes in 4 consecutive seasons. I actually like him. I think he can get him at, like, 30 to 1 to lead the NBA in made threes this year, which is essentially just a hedge against Steph Curry. You know, if if you if Curry goes down and plays, like, 50 games, I think Buddy Hield might be the guy that could step in and and finally get that title. But, what worries me is the the the trade potential here. And, you know, he's he's one of those guys who's kind of been, like, half on the trade block for a couple years. But after extension talks stalled with the Pacers this off season like that, that seems more realistic than ever. I I I think as of right now, based on what we've seen in the preseason, there's a pretty good chance he comes off the bench behind Ben Matherin. I don't know that that it really kills him. I I still think he plays a ton of minutes, but it's not a good thing. The the question is if he's moved, is that something that could, you know, negatively impact his value relative to the role that he's held in Indiana for the last couple years? Yeah. Well, you mentioned that Matherin was still able to put up numbers coming off the bench. So so clearly that 6 man role with Indiana is still able. I wouldn't let that scare you off too much. I think he's being underdrafted, based on what he's able to do from 3 point range. I don't worry too much about where he ends up because if a team is trading 4 Buddy Hield at any stage in the season, they're doing that because they want that tool in their tool belt of what he brings in terms of 3 point shooting. You're not just adding him so that, the so that you can put him on the bench to the new shiny toy that you don't use. So Buddy Heel should be involved wherever he goes. Now in terms of the best case scenario, I don't want him to get traded if I've got Buddy Heald because I love the way the Indiana Pacers play basketball, very fantasy friendly, and so I would like him to stay. And if you have him, that should be what you're cheering for here, But I wouldn't be overly concerned with where he ends ends up because it's gonna be a team that needs what he brings to the table. They're gonna use him a lot, whoever it is. Alright. Let's finish out with talking some late round values. You know, if you're we're talking like round 10 and later, you're you're just, you know, looking for some upside. You know, oftentimes, I I'm actually targeting, like, some some degree of safety with those picks. You know, it's kind of a time to look at your roster, especially if you're in a league that that differentiates between, like, point guard shooting guards, ball forward, power forward. You know, kinda make sure you have some depth. Like, I I went to went into a league last year where I I kinda was not really paying attention, like, doing the draft on my phone and realized that I have, like, one small forward eligible player on my roster. And, you know, if that player goes down, obviously, you're going to be, in a bind. So, you know, it's kind of a a combination for me where let's say, you know, your last four picks of a draft. Like, 2 of those, I'm targeting high upside guys. You know, guys who I could be drop I could be dropping 3 weeks into the season, but guys who can have conceivable upside. And then I want you know, I wanna just kinda build that almost like almost like a real NBA roster at some positions that I'm not quite as strong at. One of those guys for me every year, it beats a Zubac. Nobody's excited to draft Zubac. You know, he's going on average about pick 128, in drafts this season. But you talk about a guy who plays 70 plus games every year. He's he's been 72 or above, in each of the last 4 seasons. The 2 of those were 72 game seasons. Keep that in mind as well. So he didn't miss any time, in in 1920 or 2021. You know, kinda just a a points rebounds and a a couple blocks type of guide. I shouldn't even say a couple. Like, you know, 1 point o block for him is fine. Field goal percentage is big, and, you know, he's he's certainly not a plus at the free throw line, but he's got an 80% season under his belt. You know, he's he's about a 71% career free throw shooter, but I I do have some optimism that he could bounce back in that regard. So he's, again, not gonna be a plus, in the free throw percentage category in roto leagues, but to me, he's also he's also not somebody that's in, like, the Andre Drummond zone. Yeah. He is a double double machine. I was just looking up real quick where he ranked in terms of last season. Overall, it was around I mean, he was, like, in this inside the top 20. So this is a guy that for the range that you're getting him at, absolutely. You know what he delivers. He's gonna give you a steady amount of points. He's gonna give you a ton of rebounds, and he had some monster games last year from what I can remember. So they definitely a guy. You talk about a depth piece that can help you out. How about Zach Collins of the San Antonio Spurs going at consensus 132, a more valuable player than I think some give him credit for in terms of field goal percentage, occasional 3, can rebound, averaged 11 and 6 last year. And I'm kinda looking at this in the attention that Wembley is gonna get in the paint. Zach Collins is going to be left alone. So, this is a team that's gonna be in a lot of high scoring games. I think he could get his. So he's a depth piece that I'm looking to add, and he's almost free. Yeah. I'm with you on that. I know Barutha is a big Zach Collins guy. I feel like he's taken him in every draft that I've been in with him, and I I do think Webb Manyama helps him a ton. I think the attention that he's going to command on on both ends is gonna help Zach Collins kinda settle into more of a super role player, role, which is probably good for him. I mean, you do forget he was a lottery pick. And I I think expectations, have kind of changed with him since, you know, all the injuries that he dealt with in Portland and, you know, kinda felt like his career was almost on the brink for a couple of years there, but bounce back with 63 games played last season. If if you just isolate the 20 games in which he played more than 25 minutes, he averaged 16 and 8 with 4 assists, a steal, and a block per game, 53% from the field. He's he's, you know, a a kind of a borderline plus at the free throw line hovering right around 80%. I mean, for a center, you'll take that every day of the week. So I like that call quite a bit. And, yeah, with San Antonio, we're we're certainly gonna worry about the direction of this team, especially over the second half. But I don't really think Zach Collins is in danger of, like, being shut down or or being limited. You know? Obviously, they wanna get looks at Webin Yama and and Jeremy Sohan, but beyond that, it's like I I don't think your your whole exact columns out. So, you know, Sandro, and and Charles Bassi can get more more tick. That was a phenomenal pronunciation on your part. But Well, he's an ex buck. He's an ex buck, so I had to know that. I got I got another one that I always that this guy's I think he might be on every roster that I've drafted, and that's Jaden Ivy going around pick 111. I love his explosiveness. I just loved what I saw from him in college, and I think enough of that translated in year 1 in his NBA career. Not afraid to shoot it from deep. So there's a good chance that he finishes. I would say finishing number 2 in scoring for the Pistons is virtually a lock for Jaden Ivy, so give me, give me all the Ivy I can handle. I I go back and forth on Ivy, and I I do think they're gonna bring him off the bench. And much like Buddy Hield, I'm not sure it matters. I think he'll play enough minutes that, you know, starting versus coming off the bench is is kind of a wash. And there's a case to be made that you you kinda want him maybe operating as a number one option with the bench unit as opposed to, you know, a a distant number 2 behind Kate Cunningham, who's gonna have the ball in his hands a ton. This Detroit roster, by the way, is just bizarre. Right? I mean, the the mix of, like, high upside young players that we like, Cunningham, Ivy, Asar Thompson. And then, like, why is Alec Burks on this roster? Why is Bojan Bogdanovic still on this team? Joe Harris, Monte Boris. Like, they they just have all these random veterans that I I just wonder, are are they gonna force them into the lineup? Are are they gonna try to trick themselves into thinking that they're further along than they are? You know, my hope is that they they offload some of those guys, and then, you know, the front court is obviously just, loaded with with with guys that I I don't really love for Fantasy this year other than Jalen Duran. I I will say on Ivy, like, I I avoided him everywhere last year. I I thought he would be I thought he'd be more of a hindrance than he was in roto leagues, especially. And and as the season went along, you know, I think that the percentages especially started to fall off. Like, he was he was 41% from the field, was not a good free throw shooter in college that carried over. He was about 74, 75% last season. So so that's what I'm looking for him to improve. Right? It's like, can he can he be a 44% shooter? Can he be a 78% shooter at the line? Because I I do think the counting stats are gonna be there. Like, in a points league, I have no problem taking Jaden Ivy and expecting him to give me, you know, 16, 4, and 5 even if that means he's coming off the bench. Yeah. He's an exciting player. He's gonna get his opportunities. So they they this is a team that still needs to figure out who their foundational pieces are. Chances are Jaden Ivy is one of them. Can I sell you on Colin Sexton? That that's somebody I've been taking, you know, with with one of my final picks in a lot of leagues. You know, composite ADP of 127. You you'll see him go higher in in certain formats. You'll see him go lower in other formats. You know, I was I was kinda in on him last year as well. You know, going to Utah. I'm like, alright. Yeah. This could be a spot for him to rehab his value. You know, this is a team that I I think we're still not quite sure what the what the short term direction is. Yeah. I I think they have some nice pieces in place, but they're they're still not really close to, you know, contending for a title or anything like that. I I I do still think though you you look back, like college sex had had back to back 20 plus point per game seasons in Cleveland. You know, didn't give you a whole lot else other than that, but, you know, kind of medium volume on 3 pointers, you have 3, 4 assists per game, 1 steal per game, good free throw shooter. You'll take that. But I I I do think there's more upside with Sexton than most of the players that you're gonna be looking at in the 1 thirties or 1 forties. It's another team that's gonna score a lot of points, so that that leads me to I end up with a lot of jazz players on my roster. For For some reason or another, Colin Sexton has not been one of them. Okay. But you you did a you did a decent job in terms of selling me on on his potential. Was able to score 16 points, 6 assists, in their in their last preseason game against the real NBA team. So, I mean, this is a guy that is he is going to be a factor in a team, on a team that is gonna be in a ton of high scoring games. The Jazz had a lot of fantasy producers last year. I just I I'm just not a total buyer in terms of the talent, and his lack of outside shooting really bothers me. That's fair. That's fair. And I I do worry about where he fits in. Like, he's still young, but he's not he's not maybe young enough for the Jazz who I I I think wanna get looks at, like, Keontae George, who's looked good in the preseason. You know, Taylor and Horton Tucker, I think, is still in the mix, for the starting shooting guard spot. So they they have other guys in that backcourt that I think they may they may prioritize their development over Colin Sexton, you know, getting his 18 points per game. So that's that's the main concern for me. Any other late round guys you wanna hit on quick? Yeah. There's, there's one more that is, more of an affinity play for me because Saddiq Bey of the hawks is, was he was on my, daily fantasy rosters, during some of my most profitable days, so he's like my lucky penny. I gotta have Saddiq Bey on my on my roster. A lot of mouths to feed in that hawks offense, but he still got his last year after his trade from Detroit. Twelve points per game in Atlanta. Shot 52%. He's good for a steal per game. And if Dejounte Murray or Deandre Hunter ever have to miss time, it is to the moon for my lucky penny, Saddiq Bey. That's funny you say that because I feel like I've had the complete opposite experience with him in in DFS and in season long. It's like I I'm just always rostering him at the wrong time, but I I get it. I mean, I I think he probably starts at the 4 for this team. Right? I I I'm Yeah. You know, it's kinda Bay, Jalen Johnson, Hunter, and Griffin are are all somewhat interchangeable, on the wing. But I I think he'll be the guy, and I I think that was part of the reason that they were comfortable, you know, sending John Collins to to Utah and not really getting any any major, like, win now piece back. You know, I think they were just kinda content dropping him and saying, alright. More minutes for Sandik Bay. So I I I think that's a good call there, you know, for Fantasy or you're obviously, you're chasing the points and you're chasing the threes. That's about it with him. And he he takes so many threes that it it harms his field goal percentage. Like he's he's not a bad shooter, but, you know, when I'm trying to look at his his total I mean, over half of his attempts in his career have been threes. And, you know, even though he is like a 36, 37% shooter, that's that's just gonna drag down your percentages, by default. He's also been close to to 1 steal per game over the last couple of years. So if he goes from playing 22, 23 minutes to 28, 29 minutes, most sites, then I I think it's conceivable that he could push over 1 steal. Yep. We just need Quin Snyder to do, to convince him to shoot some more twos, and then we'll be in the money with I mean, you're getting him right now 139. Yep. Last pick, Saddiq Bey. The last pick for me in a couple of drafts has been Herb Jones. And, you know, there's there's a bit of a glutz, on the wing for New Orleans. That's been the case for the last couple of years, but it's also it's also had a way of just working itself out, partially because Zion, who you have penciled in for, like, 35 minutes a night just doesn't play. So that's kinda that's kinda my hedge for, you know, if if things go awry with Zion and, you know, for the most part, I'm letting somebody else take that chance. I think Herb Jones is just there as as the steady guy, who could fill in. You know, he could play shooting guard. He could play on the wing. He could he could defend up a position if he needs to. You know, Trey Murphy's another guy that I like, but, you know, he's coming off of, knee injury towards meniscus over the summer. I don't think he's gonna be ready to go until, you know, probably mid to late November. And if he hits the ground running and picks up where he left off, you know, I I think he's somebody with higher upside. But, Herb Jones to me is is kind of the the the ultimate safety valve on this Pelicans roster. And, you know, 2 years into the league, 1.7 steals, 1.6 steals per game. He's been a decent 3 point shooter as well. I mean, not nearly the same volume as Trey Murphy. But, you know, when you talk about late in the draft, kinda checking in on your different categories, it's like, alright. Where do I need a little help here? If I'm light on steals, I'm always grabbing Herb Jones late. Yeah. And and he's almost like a handcuff, like you said, for Zion, because his value would shoot up if Zion has to miss time, which you know is gonna happen at some point. It's just a matter of hopefully, it's not too much time, especially for those that have Zion or for NBA fans in general. But Herb Jones is probably the most active player on the floor that, that I saw for New Orleans, last night. Everybody else kinda picks their spots, and, you know, Brandon Ingram is their focal point offensively, but Herb Jones is kinda flying around the court. So guys like that are always gonna always gonna be an important factor of any NBA team. Yeah. He has been starting in the preseason. And, again, we'll see, you know, when Trey Murphy's back, that that could be his spot, on the wing, but I do think Herb Jones probably opens the season as their starting 3. Any other players you wanna hit on before we get out? I think I'm good. All right. All right, man. Well, we're over an hour here, so we will, we'll be on our way out. Always enjoy doing this episode with you, Brandon. Again, we'll be doing it every Wednesday from now through the end of the NBA season. And frankly, we'll we'll probably do it in the playoffs too. There'll be enough to talk about there. Yeah. We'll we'll have some more betting content that we'll mix in throughout the year as well. Talk a little bit of DFS every now and then, as the season gets underway. But we we thank everybody for for listening live here on Twitter or on YouTube. Please like, subscribe, to the versioning Rotowire Fantasy Basketball YouTube channel. We just launched that a couple of weeks ago. It's been great so far, but wanna keep building that. So we implore everybody to check us out there. You could find all of our episodes, all of our videos archived on that YouTube channel. And, of course, you can find the audio version of this pod, on Spotify, on Apple Podcasts, wherever you get those pods. Brandon, looking forward to talking to you on SiriusXM later tonight, and enjoy the rest of your week. Yes. Indeed. Go get some buckets, ladies and gentlemen.