Welcome to the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by Underdog, Vivid Seats, and Rival Fantasy. It's Tuesday, November 21st. I am doctor a. That is my friend, Keelan Mark, my longtime Fantasy Hoops nemesis. He refers to himself as a local celebrity in the Indianapolis area. Let's get to this. But first, we gotta listen to this sweet channel. Hello again, everybody. The format today, we're gonna go over some news from a sort of busy Monday night in the NBA. We're gonna hit the panic meter, talk about some hot players. We got a little Draymond Green get off my lawn from a couple old guys. Maybe a bet or 2 from this evening. But, first of all, coach k, Keelan Mark, one of my one of my longest best friends is on the show today. He has some coaching experience. That's why we call him coach k. He's not the real coach k. We probably won't get into some of the specifics of his coaching, his basketball coaching, from back in the day because it was it's not something he he finally, remembers at times. But Keelan, you are a principal at Park Tudor Middle School. Correct? In Indianapolis? I am. This is, your number 1, here at Park Tudor. We're pretty famous for a few guys, that have made their way to college in the NBA, and, it's a pretty cool place. Jaren Jackson junior for 1. Jaren Jackson junior, Yogi Ferrell, 2 in particular people may have heard of. And, yep. They both attended Park Tudor, and so I am here, on Thanksgiving break. Okay. And your son KJ is practicing right now, and and he plays for Park Tutor, and we we may see him, in college in a couple years playing some Yeah. In the world of fantasy sports, KJ is probably a 3rd or 4th rounder combo guard. He'll give you some steals, give you some assists, give you some points. So, yep. KJ is practicing, getting ready for, their first game of the year tomorrow against, I think, the number one ranked school in 3 a. And, so hopefully, he's, ready to go, but I'm ready. Good to see you, my man. Good to see you. What year do you think we started playing fantasy basketball together? That is a really good question. I I would think probably in the nineties. We started with how we made trades was via email. We started with doing stats on the, with the USA Today. We started with, everything was on paper, a legal pad. And so that was it had to be the nineties. I'm being generous there. Well, I know it was the nineties. I I don't know whether it was 90. I don't know whether it was 92, 93, or 94, but it was one of those one of those 3 years. So regardless, it's been a long time, right? It's been a long time. We've we've witnessed someone take Glenn Big Dog Robinson with the number one overall pick in our fantasy dress. We've we've banned Michael Jordan from our league. At certain times because he was too good. Eddie Jones is one of my favorite all time fantasy players from from that era. But, yep. Anyway yes. So Kiela and I have been doing this a long time. So you you may not be in the industry, but I I feel like, you know, as much about Fantasy Basketball and Real Basketball as anybody does. You played in college. You got a kid that is gonna play in college and, we've spent a lot of time talking Hoops. So let's get into last night. Thanks for coming on, by the way, last night. I think the game of the night was the Celtics and the Hornets, right? And Jason Tatum and LaMelo Ball just went at each other. Tatum had 45, 13, and 6. Mellow had 3936,985 triples. Miles Bridges hit a huge 3 pointer and over to overtime. He had a double double with 5 assists. Mark Williams was big with 18 and 16. He also had a steal on 3 blocks and then Peyton Richard off the bench out of nowhere with no Derrick White in uniform. 21 points, 536 boards, 2 steals. Quite a game. I had Peyton Pritchard somehow in my DFS lineup, and it allowed me to just walk over walk over the guys that we play with Keelan. Yeah. I think, it's good to always find when you get lucky, you find those guys like Peyton Pritchard, and they have one of those nights for you. I know this is what I want Jason Tatum to do this every single night. This is who he has to be for his team, but I just think he can put up these type of numbers every night if he felt like it. Well, you can tell, like, he looked different last night. Like, he was very comfortable against Charlotte. He was wanting to put on a show. He went off in the Q1. You get he was hot right from the get go, and it just looked like sort of like sometimes if I go to the golf course and I'm playing against somebody. I don't think is as good as I am. Like I get this like I get kind of cocky and I'm like, oh, yeah, I'm feeling so confident. There's no way this person's going to beat me. That's sort of the swag. He had going last night. Like these guys can't hang with me, but they did and they beat him, which is crazy that, Boston is my favorite to win it all this year and they got beat beat by the Charlotte Hornets. So, but the Miles Bridges pick up, if you picked him up, I think so far so good. It looks like he's, I mean, he started over PJ last night. He's putting up numbers and he's gonna play. If you drafted Mark Williams, I think you're psyched. And if, you're thinking about picking up Peyton Pritchard, I don't know that you need to. I've got him in my starting lineup for my 30 team league. But as soon as Derek White comes back, Pritchard should go back to anonymity again. I would think. Nikola Jokic got ejected along with his coach early yesterday that allowed my man, Reggie Jackson to go off 21 points, 6 assists, a steal on the block. I've been on the Reggie Jackson bandwagon because the Nuggets play 4 times this week. They play 4 times next week. They're one of only 3 teams that had that schedule. Jamal Murray's out for a while. I thought Reggie Jackson was automatic pickup. Obviously, he did better last time because there's no yokic. Keelan, do you have any faith in old man, Reg? This is what Reggie does, and he'll be solid for about 2 weeks for you, and then he'll disappear. And then roughly in late January, you'll pick Reggie up again. He just he's solid, but he's solid for a short period of time. But he'll consistently give you, you know, numbers like this, like he did last night, in the absence of someone getting ejected or Murray, being injured. This is who Reggie is, but don't expect, you know, Reggie. Don't expect the mister October Reggie through the entire season. This is Reggie Jackson for 2 weeks, and you enjoy it and have fun with them. Well and all I want is Reggie Jackson because Jamal Murray is not playing in in in November. So that means Jackson's going to play all 8 of these games. Well, now it's down to 7. And all I want is 6 solid games. I want a 2 duds 6 solids. We've already got one good one. So now we're now we're at 1 good one, 5 solids and then 2 duds. I'm good if that happens. So I know what I'm getting myself into Reggie Jackson and everybody else probably does as well. Giannis and the Bucks, Giannis had 42 points, 13 boards, 8 assists. Newsflash, stop the presses, Jordan Poole for the Washington Wizards scored 30 points. Finally, he scored 30. He had only scored in the twenties twice. A lot of us thought he was gonna lead the league in scoring. Obviously, that was foolish. That was, not not a good way to think, apparently. He'd only scored 2 games in the twenties this year. He'd been more like 14 to 17, kind of doesn't look great. Him and Tyus Jones both have been hugely disappointing. The Wizards are gonna win like 5 games this year. Any thoughts on on Jordan Poole actually have any good game? Yeah. He's been a disappointment. Yes. Like you and everyone else thought he would probably lead the league in scoring, and then it's just one dud after another. And so hopefully, this is a breakout game for him. Do not expect, 35 and 6. I he may have had an assist last night. I'm not sure what his other stats were, but I think I saw maybe 1 or 2 assists or whatever. But, yeah, Jordan Poole has to get out of this funk. It is his team whether he likes it or not, and, just lower those expectations for other stuff. I personally, and this is how I do fantasy, I would be, in someone's message box, email, text message. I would try to trade Jordan Poole like yesterday, right now, if I'm owning owning him in the fantasy league. Good point. Good point. Now is a good time to try to move Jordan Poole if you've been wanting to move Jordan Poole. Kind of the opposite that we're seeing with Bradley Beal. Now's a terrible time to try to move Bradley Beal. But then again, if you tried to move Bradley Beal when it wasn't a terrible time, nobody wanted him anyway. So Right. At least Jordan cool. Hopefully, he has another good game or 2 and then he'll actually have his trade value go up. Couple more of the Miami Heat Jaime, yacquez and Duncan Robinson have both been going off with Tyler Herro out of the way. Duncan Robinson is sitting out there in your league. I think you should go pick him up. Keelan, this is something that'll probably interest you. Paul George, James Harden, and Kawhi Leonard all showed up to the same dance last night against Victor Wimby. Ran that horrible Spurs team into the ground, and they all played well on the same night. Did you think you were going to see that happen? I know I knew it was coming and we'll get into PG and hard a little bit more. I knew it was coming. They're going to figure it out. I like tyloo as a coach and they were playing the Spurs. So it was bound to happen, but it was coming sooner rather than later. Lastly, Donovan Mitchell will be out tonight. Missing his 3rd straight game with a hamstring injury. Keelan, are you worried about Donovan Mitchell coming back at full strength and not aggravating this thing at some point soon? And are you a Caris LeVert or a Max Struce believer? Not worried about Donovan Mitchell. They've got a little bit of depth, on that team with, Strues, LeVert. I I would personally go for LeVert because I think he does more. I think he plays well starting. He plays well off the bench. And so I would, hot tail it to, Lavert more than anyone. I had to pick between those 2. But Mitchell will be fine. He's young. He'll come back. He'll be just fine. I wouldn't worry about him at all. Lavert is one of the hot plays in DFS tonight according to my my people, my sources. A lot of the optimizers that I've looked at have got Lavert going tonight. So, he's gonna be really popular DFS play and he should he should be, Although he burned me what what game what night did he sit out? Like, Saturday, Friday, or Saturday, he sat out. That was kind of a buzzkill, but, hopefully, he's gonna play tonight. Killer Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code RW NBA. That's promo code RW NBA. Is it underdogfancy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code RW NBA to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. And one of the optimizers I was talking about is available at with that free subscription. So, Keelan, you might wanna go check that out when we're done when we're done here and maybe get back in the game. Chances are high that'll probably happen. Okay. If you guys enjoy these videos that we do on Tuesdays Thursdays, make sure you click the like and subscribe button for me. Rick and I are supposed to be here Thursday, Rick Campbell, but Thursday is Thanksgiving day. I know we're not going that day or at least I think we're not going that day. I don't know if we're doing a podcast this week or not, but we're gonna figure that out later today. Alright. Let's jump into the panic meter, Keelan. I'm gonna let you go first. Who are some guys and I I this not necessarily scaring you right now, but who are some guys you're leery of the rest of the way long term? Yeah. So, Steve, you know me. I I I love a good trade. I love a good if you're in a league and there's 10, 12, 30 guys, there's always 1 or 2 that you can make some trades with and but you gotta do it at a good time. And so the first one on my list, Victor Wybangana, I would try to trade him ASAP. Now you might think that's crazy and insane. He's putting up good numbers. He's playing well. He's eventually gonna get popped. You know they're gonna be cautious with him. You know Popovich is eventually gonna randomly sit him down. His 29 minutes a game is good. It's not gonna be 35 and 40. The Spurs are awful. And so I'd wait till he does one of those 22, 11, 11, and 4 blocks. And then I I try to move Victor to get something, that's more stable and someone that's gonna help you later in the season, without question. Yeah. That's not that's not really a bad call. I think part of me as a Wimby, manager and a Wimby lover, even though he's very inconsistent and very, good game here, bad game there, I am a little concerned about what you said. The Spurs are 3 and 11. His coach is Gregg Popovich. I think Pop is kinda lulled us to sleep with Wimby because he's played every game. He has not come close to sitting out a game. He hasn't come close to getting injured. He looks like he's gonna be a healthy, strong, young kid that's gonna be able to play the whole season. And I think if you stop right there, it's easy to think, I'm gonna be able to rely on Wimby all the way through the rest of the season. But, I think you're right. When the Spurs are, you know, 625 and back to back start piling up and, next year's lottery starts coming into focus again. He's gonna get pops on. I just don't I just have this weird feeling that we're not gonna shut him all the way down. So, if we do if he plays the whole season, my 30 team, team is gonna be great. But if he doesn't, it's not gonna be great. Alright. Who else you got on your list? See, I'd Steve, I put Chet Holmgren close to that same category as Wimby. They're gonna be cautious with him. Chet is absolutely killing it right now, putting up great numbers, but OKC, they've got a lot of depth. They're gonna be at worse, a play in 78 seed. They're gonna be in a hunt for the playoffs, I think, in the west, but they're going to be cautious with Chet because, he is he's that guy. And so I would I'd watch I'd see if test the waters if you can trade him for, you know, a couple of guys or something like that. I'd be careful there. Porzingis, this is every year. Kristoff starts out good. I think he was 17 and 8 last night. But remember, since 2020, he's played 43, 34, 17 and 65 games. Porzingis is gonna Porzingis at some point. The Celtics, I'm sure they're happy they have them, but Porzingis, he's fine now. 2, 3 weeks from now, he may be okay, but at some point, he's gonna come up missing, and he's one, is another person I would just consider moving moving on from, If you can just see what you can get, but he's he's fine right now. I'm gonna have to disagree with you on Chet Holmgren. Oklahoma City is number 3 in the west right now. They're 10 and 4. They have one of the best players in the league in SGA. They have one of the best starting fives in the league. They're one of the most fun teams to watch. They've been shutting guys down for the last 5 years, trying to get to this moment that we're in right now. I'm a little concerned about Chet just because he didn't play last year, and he's a big man that had had a foot problem. But, man, he looks awesome this year. I I just I think Oklahoma City is going for it. I don't think anybody's gonna wanna play Oklahoma City in the playoffs. I'm a lot less worried about Chet than I am Wimby. I'm actually more worried about Chet, like, suffering an actual injury than I am Wimby. But as far as just being shut down, I don't I don't think OKC Dagenau is is thinking about shutting or even slowing shutdown at this point. What do you think about that? Yeah. I think for that reason, they they will eventually maybe after Christmas, I think they're just gonna slow him down, watch some of his minutes because they don't want, you know, like you said, a big man with a foot injury, and recovering from it. He's back. He's doing great. I just think they wanna get to the playoffs, with a good seed, but they wanna be, everyone fully healthy, and they're not gonna run Chet into the ground. So, that's from coach k there, buddy. Alright. And then what about Zach LaVine? He he wants out of Chicago. Right? Zach wants out of Chicago. Chicago probably wants to get rid of Zach. I don't know where he would go. I've heard there's some interest with Miami, but I don't know if Zach is gonna be Zach anywhere else other than Chicago. So, you know, he's he's having a good season, but, he is not happy. He wants out. And it wouldn't surprise me if the Bulls, sooner rather than later, have a fire sale and just start moving, you know, Zach and, the Rose and then you name it. Alright. Well, guys, I'm worried about include Klay Thompson, who actually played well last night. Twenty points, 5 triples. But the 5 threes he missed were all pretty bad. He had air ball, and I don't know. Clay just hasn't looked right. He hasn't met my eye test this year. He was a lot better last night, but I I'm worried about Clay long term. I don't know that we're ever gonna see the old Clay again. I I don't worry about Clay if the expectations are threes. Klay is gonna shoot. He goes 0 for 7. He's gonna take the nets 5 or 6. So if you're if you need threes, I wouldn't worry about Klay. If you're wanting, you know, some of the things old Klay used to do, still here or, you know, a field sis, yeah, you should worry, but I think Clay's gonna be fine. Alright. And for those of you just tuning in, this is my one of my long time fantasy nemeses. Nemeses. Play that twice. I don't even know how you say plural nemesis, but he's one of my arch enemies in Fantasy Hoops. We've been playing fancy hoops together since like 1994. We got a lot a lot of time in the game together. It's coach k, Keelan Mark, my buddy. The principal where Jaren Jackson junior went to high school actually. So, another guy I'm concerned about is Jalen Green of the Houston Rockets. I feel like, Dillon Brooks being there is oddly working for them. He's playing good defense. He's hitting wide open threes. Fred VanVleet, one of the holiday brothers is there. I don't is it Justin? I don't even know. It's Justin or Aaron. It's not true. I think it's Justin. He's banging open threes last night, and then Jalen Green hit 6 of 15 shots, had 16 points, but I feel like and Jabari Smith played very well yesterday also for Houston. Feel like Houston moves the ball around so much and has so many guys involved including Alper Alper and Shangoon who was a monster last night. I just think Jalen Green's kinda getting left in the dust. Yeah. He's still trying to figure out, dare I say, being on a pretty decent okay team. With Van Fleet there, it helps. I like their team. It's a good mixture of some some vets, some guys who know how to play. And so Jalen Green coming from, you know, his last season where it was pretty much him, still trying to figure it out. I wouldn't panic too much, but it is not Jalen Green of last year. We know that. And then my last the guy has gotten worried about when she I think he's been on this list every week. I'm not gonna get into it. Brad Bradley Beal. All I know is Eric Gordon, Grayson Allen tonight look good in DFS. They look good on my roster In regular fantasy, I'm rolling with those guys until, Beal comes back. The NBA season is here. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats senior favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. Because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, You can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be just as legit as your love for the game. Visitvividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code RotoWire $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code RotoWire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app. Visit vividseats.com. Vividseats. Experience it live. Coach k, do you remember we went, we went and saw a final four one time in Indianapolis. We were experiencing it live. The heart throbbing action on the court. Do you remember what the police officer asked me on our way to that game, as I was driving my car through the streets of downtown Indianapolis? As you were driving your car through the streets of downtown Indianapolis excited, probably for your first final four, I assume and think, we happen to go down a wrong way, one way street, and the officer told you to pull down your window and asked you, did you take your stupid pill today? And, with all the composure you you had in you, you told the officer, absolutely, sir, and I apologize. And, he let us go. So, yes, I recommend everyone daily take your stupid pill. It'll keep you probably out of a few situations. Yeah, dude. That was pretty funny because, yeah. Yeah. The car was full. Who was it? You and Muha and me and my brother, maybe? Yep. Gary went. It was the 4 of us. The cops comes running up the car, rolling down your window. I mean, he's like, did you take a stupid pill today? And I'm like, my bad, dude. I'm just trying to get to the game. I don't That's all we're trying to do is get to the final 4. Yeah. We made it, though. It's Michigan. What who do we see? Michigan State in, was it UCLA? Florida? Was it Florida? It was Florida. I remember Magic Johnson. Because Magic was there. Yep. Yep. Had good seats. Thanks, coach Randy Lambert, my college coach for hooking us up, and, it was sweet. Okay. You would you like to talk about some Draymond Green in the get off my lawn segment? Yeah. So I'm 52 years old, and I've learned more and more, these days, doctor a, that people get butt hurt about stuff, and they have short term memory. One of the best fights I've seen, I'm a big Sugar Ray Leonard fan. Leonard versus Tommy Hearns was a great fight, but it was not as good as Daryl Dawkins and Maurice Lucas. And those guys went at it. I remember doctor j, giving Larry Bird a 3 piece. And I remember, driving home on a bus, after basketball game, my coach ironically, and the brawl in Detroit happened. Draymond choking, grabbing both, Rudy Gobert. It is not that deep. People need to relax. Draymond can be a little bit of a Draymond, but it it it wasn't that deep for me. I don't think I don't see why people are making a big deal because we literally have seen NBA players punch fans, children running for their lives in Detroit. We've seen our beloved doctor j punch Larry Bird 3 or 4 times. So nothing more was gonna happen from it. People just need to relax and just chill out a little bit. I think it was the optics of Draymond getting him and then sort of like dragging him across the court that it it just didn't look didn't look all that cool. And then we you didn't even mention Latrell Sprewell choking PJ Carlos. We also didn't you also didn't mention Bob Knight choking Neil Neil Reed. Neil Reed. Yes. I mean, you've missed a couple of the bigger choking, incidents in history. You also didn't mention Reggie Miller choking himself in the garden That's right. Looking at Spike Lee. But yeah. I well, I'm just over the Draymond thing. I mean, he's not a very good fantasy player anymore, and he doesn't score. And he's better in real life than he is in fantasy, and I'm just I'm just done. Yeah. I've been over Draymond for a few years now. Plays hard, a decent leader, but fantasy wise, don't don't waste your time. Keelan, I needed, I needed one thing to happen last night to hit my underdog 5 leg parlay, which I don't have them all written down here. I don't even know what they were, but I hit the first four. I need a mere 18 points from Freddie VanVleek. He scores that in his sleep. Normally, he had 14 assists last night, but he could only score 10 points. He just never really got involved in the offense. He was feeding everybody else. And, I'd be rich today if if, Fred VanVilippo scored 18 points. That's all I know. And he's playing for the Rockets. It should have happened. What are your thoughts about you were involved in a long text thread between 2 grumpy angry old men in the middle of the night arguing about the in season NBA tournament. What are your thoughts on it? Are you you know, you're a big Pacers fan. Right? You're right there. I'm right here in Indy. Yep. And I kinda love the team they're putting on the floor right now. I love the the mix of youth and and veterans, and, the Tyrese Halliburton move is one of the greatest in team history. Where are you on the tournament? I the tournament is completely unnecessary. I I don't know what the point of it is. The thing is when you make these changes in sports, who are you making it for? Are you making it for the fans? Are you making it for the players, owners? Who exactly? I don't know who this is even for because as a fan, if I turn turn on the Bucks and Pacers, I'm just watching the game. Now the court looks cool. The uniforms are nice, but I don't think it is added anything at all to the regular season. And so it's fine. I'm not sure. It's a is there's a buzz about it with, you know, fans or anything like that. The court, to be honest, I worry about because they're painted and guys are slipping everywhere, but, you know, that's a basketball thing. But I don't think it was even necessary, to be very honest with you. Well, I think what what I'll I'll say this. It it's not doing a lot to enhance it for me. I'm gonna watch that game regardless of whether it is a play in a pool game or not. Like, I don't care if it's a playoff playing in season game or not. I'm going to watch the games. I'm going to watch. Anyway, the fact that there's a little more on the line. I guess that's kind of cool. I do think though that once we get out of pool play and we're in to the actual playoff part of it, then it could be, it's going to become more interesting and more exciting. And I think for fans, the whole reason it's there is because the average sports fan is like, oh, I don't watch the NBA until Christmas. Like Christmas is the Christmas Day is when the NBA season starts. And I think the NBA was like, what can we possibly do to change that? Like, let's have it in season tournament that makes people possibly watch it before before Christmas gets here. I think that's the whole point. It I don't think it's it's anything that would make somebody mad and make somebody, like, not watch a game they were gonna watch. So I don't see that there's harm in it. I just it's just seems like I'm being manipulated. To watch Are they building are they building, Santa's workshop next door to your office? Yes. Santa is here. He is here, at 11:30 in the morning building. I think it's a PS 5 probably outside my door here. So, that is probably what you hear in the background. Coach k, tell me some players you're excited about. So circle this. December 19th, Ja Morant is eligible to return. Of course, Ja last year was 26, 6, and 8. Ja, of course, has gotten into some trouble, and the Grizzlies are currently terrible. And I think Ja is going to come back, and I don't know if he's even eligible based on the new rules. Ja is going to have an MVP season when he returns, and I am I will be there, what whatever's happening. I'm watching John Morant, when he returns. Number 2, James Harden, Paul George, they're gonna figure it out. They are going to figure out how to coexist and play together. I think PG is having a hell of a year. There's some similarities with Paul George and Kevin Durant as far as style of play. Kevin Durant with Harden was 28, 7, and 4. I think Paul George will continue to play as he is currently playing, and I think Harden is going to figure out his role. The interesting thing is since Harden's been on the team, they've given up a 115 points a game, which is terrible. And so I think they're gonna try and outscore people, which benefits Harden. I think his assist numbers will be good. I think he'll tap out around 19 to 22 points a game. So you're gonna be fine with, Harden. You're gonna be fine with Paul George. My last person that I absolutely love is Jalen Williams. Another OKC guy. He's 17, 4 and 4 now. And the thing I really like, he's had, I think, maybe 4 games. He's taken ten shots or more and shot 60% from the field. That's a guy if I'm going to target, a trade of someone, he's one that I would go after because he just does a lot of stuff. Assists, steals, blocks, his percentages are good, but I absolutely love Jalen Williams. I drafted Jalen Williams everywhere. He was one of my guys coming into this draft season. So, obviously, that means I reached for him in every draft I had because that's what I do. So I'm very excited about the way j Wells playing. Let me ask you. Let's go back to John Moran for a second. Coach k. Memphis is 3 and 10. They look terrible. I don't know that jaw can turn them around and I don't know that their season can be saved. If they're like 3 and say they're 4 and 16 by the time jaw comes back. Like, are you a little concerned about how that's going to go? And are they at some point? Are they just going to bag it and play for a draft pick? Or do you think they can come back? Do you think Jah is good enough that he can lead them back from this awful start? Yeah. I think Jah is good enough to lead them back at minimum, to fighting for that play in or that final seed, in the West. I think his energy, I think, John just brings a lot to that organization, and I think he has, you know, something to prove. He's been out trying to, you know, get himself together. He's gonna come back trying to redeem his image, and so I I think they will get it together. I think he's their difference maker as as everyone, sees how they are without him. So now I think the Grizzlies, they're gonna be in good shape, and I think when he returns, you're gonna see, I'm guesstimating a guy that's putting up 26 to 28. I I think his assist number is gonna go up. I think his rebound numbers will stay the same. Ja Morant, I think, is going to have an MVP season, whether he is eligible to be an MVP or not. Remains to be seen. You would you be mad if you were a Memphis Grizzlies season ticket holder that you spent 1,000 of dollars on those tickets and use your team is 0 and 6 at home this season? There's 3 and 4 on the road and 0 and 6 at home. I'd be pretty pretty upset to say the least and I'd be as patient as possible, but I'm I would hope they get it together. But as a season ticket holder, I would not be very happy right now. I'm gonna throw a question up on the screen, Keelan, because you said you were gonna mention this gentleman. Luma Subbu, I guess, wants to know about Brandon Miller the rest of the season. Yes. Good question. I put Brandon Miller and Asur Thompson in the same boat. Good rookies on bad teams. 2 guys I would hang on to. I think, upside, Asur, he's averaging a double double right now. I think that's gonna continue. The guys are getting good minutes with about 30 minutes a game. Brandon Miller, 1442. He's still figuring out the NBA. Don't bail on him yet. The plus side with Brandon Miller is he's playing with a point guard that loves to pass and will find ways to get him involved. So I win bell on him. I love Brandon Miller. I love, Asura Thompson. Hang on to him. The season is young. They're rookies, but they're gonna get better. I think Brandon Miller will finish, I'd say with about maybe 16 a game, 5 rebounds. I think he's gonna play 75 to 82 games. I believe that he's solid. Sean Kirkland wants to know Walker Kessler, Jalen during during the rest of the season. I'm going jail and during all day. I think Kessler played a little bit over his head last year. He hasn't looked that good this year. He's been injured for a while. Duran's been out too, but I during during look like I'm monster for the 1st couple weeks of the season till he got hurt. I'm I'm all about Jalen Duran there. Yeah. I agree. Jalen Duran is solid, has been a pro before becoming a pro. So I really like him. He's had a good good year. Alright. Back to the schedule here. I'm gonna go with a couple of my hot players. Dario Sarge, 18 points last night, 3 triples, a steal on the block. He's getting lots of run off the warriors bench. We've been waiting for this version of Homie Dario for years. It's finally here. I I think Sarge is pretty much, go out and grab him wherever you can at this point. Any thoughts on that? I agree. I think he's carved out a role, with the warriors. Of course, Draymond is Draymonding. So, I like Dario. He's just a solid player. It's not gonna hurt you too much. Be good. Good pickup. Keontae George is playing tonight for the Jazz. None of my DFS optimizers have told me to play Keontae George, and I've put in I've I've looked at like 10 to 12 different lineups. Not one of them is saying Keontae George is going to have a big game tonight. I haven't even looked to see who the Jazz are playing, but, regardless, I am still down with Keontae even though I was late to the bandwagon as you guys know, but I'm I'm here now. So I'm I'm kind of excited about it. They're playing the Lakers on TNT tonight. I don't know why Keontay would not have a decent game in that scenario, but, Yeah. We are down with Keontay George. I watched him, I think, versus, Phoenix the other night. An interesting thing I saw with him, the Jazz are looking at him as a go to guy. He's taking shots late. They're encouraging him to be a playmaker. So there's some belief in Keontae George and the Jazz absolutely love him. Yes. We're on the same boat there. Okay. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans the story lines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player match up and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rhodowire now and get a $200 deposit match. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. See you in the arena if you don't get arrested for failing to take your stupid pill while you're on your way to the arena. Q and A. Tonight, the, Sixers are at home hosting the Donovan Mitchellless Cavaliers. This is a play in game. They're not why why do I keep seeing play play in? This is an in season tournament game as all the games are tonight. Sixers are minus 7 and a half at home against the Cavs with no Mitchell. Are you thinking the Sixers are going to run the Cavs out of the gym or is this a sucker sucker bet? The Sixers, thanks to Tyrese Maxey, will run the Cavs out of the gym. He has been on a tear. Philadelphia has moved on from James Harden. I think, Embiid is happy. I think the Sixers will run them out of the gym. I don't think the Cavs can score with them minus Mitchell, not playing. So, yeah, I like the Sixers. Alright. And then, let's take a look at one of my one of my DFS teams that I kinda went rogue with this one, and it's not really it's not really optimized. I'm it's more just what my my thinking is if I can find it even. Oh, here we go. My DFS team as of right now for this evening that I like the most is D'Angelo Russell and Keontae George at point guard. Austin Reeves and Eric Gordon at shooting guard. Lori Markkanen and Buddy healed small forward. Obi Toppin and Tobiah Tobias Harrison power forward and then Joel embiid at Center. I think I like this Eric Gordon against Portland thing. I just think he's gonna go off marking in against the Lakers should be fun. Embiid is Embiid and the D'Angelo Russell and cannot take George. I feel like those are both very solid, not super expensive point guards. Austin Reeves may be the key to this whole thing. He's kinda been hit or miss this season. I like, I like where you have Obi. He's been solid for the Pacers. The Pacers score, they score points, and they are fun to watch. And he is a great fit, and a great fantasy fit playing with that team way better than, nobody played for the Knicks. So I I like your OB pick there. They don't play defense, do they, those Pacers? Nope. Not interested. Okay. Hey, Kean. Without looking, this is this is gonna be our our wrap up. Who's in 1st place in the Western Conference? Without looking, in my head, I say Denver, but Alright. That is my guess. But off top of my head, there's I I guess it's Denver. That's a pretty good guess because, they technically are in 2nd place, but they have the same amount of wins as the team in 1st. They just have one more loss. So they're the Nuggets are a half game behind your first place, Minnesota Timberwolves. Who would have thunk it? Right. Jinx. Who would have thought it? Timber Wolf, 6 and o at home, 4 and o away, 4 and 3 away. They're 103 on the season. It's hard to believe, but, you know, we I said before the season started, the Anthony Edwards was getting ready to take over the league. It's like Anthony Edwards, SGA and Tyrese Halliburton. Like, those are the big three not named the Luca, Wembley, Chad, like that crowd. And and Ant is is really turning it on. I think Rudy Gobert is playing much better this season alongside Karl Anthony Towns than than he did last year. And that whole vibe in Minnesota, man, I'm I'm surprised I haven't heard more Minnesota fans chirping about how incredible their team is. Yeah. I think Ant Man since, the summer world team, You saw it coming. His confidence he's number 1, he's my favorite interview, in the NBA. He is he is damn good, with his confidence in himself, in anything from football to baseball to basketball. And so what he's doing this year, with that team, I think is is outstanding, and I hope I hope the Timberwolves can keep it going. It'd be good to see some new, faces, some new blood that are at the, top of the NBA rankings with OKC doing well, with, even Houston not doing too bad at all, and then, Minnesota. So I'm I'm looking forward to seeing how this turns out. Alright, man. Well, thanks for coming on the show. Tell Glenn and KJ I said happy holidays and all that stuff and hello. And, I I I may start calling your, your home line your your home phone line during random daytime hours, so I know you're at work just for the hell of it. Just for old time's sakes. Yeah. Just over Christmas break, maybe I'll just call you once a day at, I don't know, 2, 3 in the afternoon to see how it's going. Thanks for thanks for coming on, man, and, it was fun. And good luck to everybody. Cam and I will not be here Thursday probably, but if we do get that scheduled, I will let you know when it's happening. Next week, we'll resume the schedule as normal. So thanks for watching, and we will see you next time.