Welcome to the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by RotoWire's free trial at rotawire.com/try. It's Friday, March 28, 2024. Alex Berutha here with Shannon McEwan and Ken k train Crites. All aboard. It's actually Thursday recording early. Oh, yeah. So it's Thursday. We're we're recording a day early. Tomorrow is a holiday. And, Yeah. I think we'll we'll probably do one more episode, one more Friday episode this year, next week, but today's episode will only be Waverwire. We're not gonna touch news. We're going straight into Waverwire. I also conveniently took the under on this podcast length before the show. Let's just jump in. I am suggesting Max Struss who just returned from a 3 week absence. He's 38% rostered only. He was dropped in a ton of leagues. Understandable. But make sure he's make sure he's not available, especially if you're in a 14 team league. He in his first game back, 19 points, he had 5 threes, 4 rebounds, 2 steals in 24 minutes. Again, make sure someone didn't drop him. He's ranked about 120th across the entire season. There's a lot of up and down with with Strauss' game, partially due to the injuries Cleveland has suffered, throughout the year. But, again, someone who should be, I think, higher than 38% roster, especially with Cleveland having 4 games next week. Yeah. Almost everybody's got 4 games. Everyone but Washington, Denver, San Antonio, and Utah with only 3. Everyone else has 4. So you don't, you know, don't get stuck with those 4 teams. But Strouse is interesting, certainly, if you need threes. Right, Alex? If you need threes, yeah. He's not he hits about 2 a game. You know, he's not as good of a 3 point shooter as I think people think he is, but he also gets more assists and more rebounds than than people sort of assume from him. So he's a pretty well rounded player, can step into more minutes when, like, a variety of players on Cleveland get hurt. So it's a good option there. I'm also gonna suggest some 3 point shooters, as my first recommendation. We're going to Boston for Sam Houser and Peyton Fast PP Pritchard. Oh. Houser is 23% Rosser on Yahoo. Pritchard's 42%. Boston also has 4 games next week. Look. The Celtics have already locked in 1st in the east. That's already clinched with roughly 10 to 11 games left. There's 6 and a half games ahead of all the western teams to make sure they get home court advantage in the finals, should they make it to the finals. And Drew Holiday has a legitimate shoulder issue unlike a lot of the other Celtics who they're just resting. But there's gonna be a ton of minutes for reserves Hauser and Pritchard and a lot of starts as the Celtics really give everyone a a rotating break, if you will, heading into the playoffs. Pritchard, a little more assists than Hauser. Hauser, though, decent steals and blocks for a small forward. They're both gonna score. They're both gonna hit a lot of threes. So Sam Hauser and or Peyton Pritchard are my first suggestion from the Celtics. I like it, Ken. My first suggestion, I'm gonna go to the other side of the country, pick a Celtics rival. Rui Hatchemur, the forward for Los Angeles Lakers. He's been a top 50 player over the past week. He is 40% rostered on Yahoo. I know I've talked about him at least a couple times in this segment over the past month or 2. He's locked in as the starter as one of the starting forwards for the Lakers, and he's really picked up his production as of late. Over the past 4 games, Ruili is averaging 17.8 points, 9 rebounds, 2.33 pointers in over 32 minutes per contest. If you need help in those categories, he will give it to you. You know, similar to to, Max Drews, I I feel like Rue Rui should be rostered in more more than 40% given how long he's been in the straight lineup and his production the last couple weeks. So go snatch him up if you're in a 12 or 14 team league and he's available. Yeah. His production can be a little bit up and down, but like Shannon said, he has been really efficient lately. Double digits and double digit scoring and not gonna pass 10 games. 60% for the field, 48% from 3, and like, Ken alluded to with the Celtics. Like the Lakers don't have the same sort of leeway to rest guys. But at some point, there's a potential that they just lock up a seed, right? And then how Jim Moore is a guy that can get more minutes in those situations. That's something to always keep in mind is at this time of year as the playoffs draw closer. My next suggestion Lakers are 2 and a half back from avoiding the plan. Mhmm. But they've also got 2 you know, they're in 9th with the Suns and Kings ahead of them. At some point, it's pretty clear they're gonna be destined for the plan. And you're right. Rest of folks. And we saw it this week. I mean, they've already rested. I believe LeBron and Anthony Davis on back to back nights, 1 one each night, rested on Tuesday Wednesday. Yeah, there's still a lot of jockeying from the especially from the 4 to 9 in the West. I mean, the Lakers are look, I mean, there's not a lot of the season left, but they're 5 and a half back from the 4 seed, you know, the Clippers Pelicans Mavericks. He seems are really bunched up. So keep an eye on the standings because that's going to dictate. That's true. A lot going forward. My second suggestion, Jonathan Isaac of the Orlando Magic. Someone who has certainly been suggesting on the show before as well. 15% rostered. Yeah, season high 25 points March 23rd against the Kings, his past 9 games, 11 points, 5 rebounds, 2.2 stocks per game. He's played at least 20 minutes in 4 of the past 6 games. Look, we know the story with Isaac. Anything other than more than 15 points for him is can probably considered an outburst, but he can't get you 2 to 6 stocks in any given game, and it should not surprise you. And I think Orlando. Yeah. And I think I think Orlando would like to ramp him up a little bit more as they head into the postseason because he is someone that can, I think, really I don't wanna say swing a series for them, but depending on the matchup, like, you send Isaac you send Isaac out there for 20 minutes to guard the opposing team's best wing? That could change a game for you. So I think they wanna make sure he's ready for that. We could see eyes a healthy Isaac. That's always the issue. A healthy Isaac could frustrate a Jayson Tatum or somebody like that, in a playoff series for sure. Question is minutes. How how many minutes do they trust those knees before they implode? That is a great question. Yeah. Go to your next suggestion, Ken. We're going to New York for Miles McBride. He started the last 5 games as the Knicks go small with O'Jon and Obi out. He's had 326 or more point games in 5 of those starts. In fact, his last 5 games, he's averaged 21.6 points, almost 4 assists, over 4 and a half made threes while shooting 55% from the field, 91% from the free throw, line, and less than half a turnover a game. So his last 14, days, he ranked 61st in 9, category leagues for per game output. We don't Julius Randle, we're just here in crickets news wise unless, Alex, you have any info on Randle coming back. And yeah. No. And and, oh, Jon, I don't know. That elbow I can't imagine they're gonna play him in back to backs before the playoffs, let alone we're not not really sure. We know he's out. Isn't he, I don't know if he's scheduled out for the next next game. He didn't play last night. I don't know what his, status is. We don't we don't quite know yet. It's day to day. But But we don't know when I don't know if he's coming back, and they're sure not gonna push him after rushing him back too early once already. So, I love a lot of minutes. If you need some efficient shooting and points, I love a lot of minutes for McBride who is only rostered in 35% of Yahoo Leagues. Yeah. I would argue Miles McBride for as long as Aon and Obi's out is should be the top free agent pickup. Someone who's not the top free agent pickup, but but a player I like, moving forward, Tumani Kamara forward for the Portland Trail Blazers 6% rostered. He's been a top 75 player over the past week, 9 consecutive starts. Many of those filling in for Jeremy Grant who, you know, like Anunoby, we're not really sure when Jeremy Jeremy Grant's gonna return. Over the past 4 games, Kumar has averaged 14 points, 5.8 rebounds, and 1.83 pointers in 34 minutes per game. Again, I mean, Portland has been running out a lot of the reserves. You have Grant's missed time, Simon's missed time, plenty of other players, Ayton's missed time. So Kamara Kamara will probably be in the starting lineup moving forward. He could jump between the 3 and the 4, which he has done in recent games. As long as he's starting though, I think he's worth a stream option in a weekly league, daily league, whatever the format may be. And Grant's missed 9 games in a row. 11 of the last 12. Kinda think they're shutting him down. Yeah. Kamara look, Kamara is he's kind of like a a money ball 3 and d player. Takes a lot of his shots at the rim, takes a lot of his shots from the corners. And I think a better defender than his numbers would say, you know, you look at his numbers since the all star break, it's 0.8 steals and half a block. But there are a lot of games, you know, 2 steals, 2 blocks, 3 steals, 2 blocks here and there. So, he he can have some boom games once in a while, especially if he gets hot from 3. Alex, who's your long shot? Long shot is, Keon Ellis. Although, I should mention that Jonathan Isaac also qualifies as a as a long shot. But, yeah, Keon Ellis of the Sacramento Kings 20% rostered. Kevin Herder out for the remainder of the season. Keon Ellis has stepped in. I watched a couple Kings games. He's awesome, man. Amazing defender. They trust him in the backcourt next to De'Aaron Fox. Kinda stealing kinda stole, Davion Mitchell's role to an extent, especially earlier in the season. Mitchell's able to play now because Herder's out, and Trey Lyles has missed time as well. But Kean Ellis has started 7 of the past 9 games, low usage player, 8 points a game on 55% shooting, but 44% from 3, good from deep. 3 rebounds about 2 dimes, but the it's the it's all about the defense. 1.8 steals, 1.1 blocks, across the past 9 games. He had a 5 block game against the Memphis Grizzlies the other night. Although, you know, everybody kinda does that. They're one of the most blocked teams in the NBA. But, yeah, he's someone who if you need defense, like, if you're if you're thinking about, like, the miss Mathis Thibault type, the even the Jonathan Isaac type, Kean Ellis is another guy who fits that mold. Well, I don't think Ellis so the Kings are in 8th, but only a game and a half out of getting out of the plan. I don't think Kean Ellis is a guy unlike some others we've mentioned that needs people to sit to see big minutes. He's gonna play frankly, regardless of the Kings situation. Don't you think, Alex? Yeah. I think so. Because I you know, he's gonna be a part of their playoff rotation. He's gonna play big minutes for them that hurt her out. And then also if Fox sits out or something else, that's more minutes for Kean. So it's kind of a it's kind of a best of both worlds. Now I don't think his usage is that scalable. Like, I don't think he's I don't think he's gonna take a ton of more shots or be asked to handle that a little bit more. That'd be more of like a Malik Monk thing. But, yes, more minutes could be on the horizon for him. Yeah. We we discussed Kean Ellis a little bit last week as well. And really, what what the Kings seem to be doing, I I believe Kean Ellis, even if if Herter were healthy, I think Kean Ellis would have the might have had the opportunity to hold on to the starting gig. He really gives them a defensive presence that they need within the starting lineup. And essentially, his minutes are gonna fluctuate, you know, between low to mid twenties to low to mid thirties depending on the need for that game. If they need more of a defensive presence, he's gonna get those minutes. If they need more offense fire firepower, Monk's gonna come in and play extra minutes that game. Well, my long shot this week is the opposite. He's a guy that, has a lot of upside only if the starters get benched, and that's Luke Cornett of the Boston Celtics. Again, we mentioned Boston's clinched the east. They're 6a half games up on all the teams in the west. Boston's gonna be benching their stars a lot over these next 10, 11 games, especially the fragile Kristaps Porzingis and the ancient Al Horford, which means a lot of minutes for Luke Cornett. Even Xavier Tillman's got a knee issue. So, again, I think a lot of minutes for Cornett during the silly season of meaningless games for the Celtics. I really like Cornett if you're in a daily transaction league and you see the note like, oh, Porzingis and Horford are both out. Let's play Cornett tonight. In the 5 starts Luke Cornett's had this season, he averages a double double granted 10 points, 10 rebounds, but almost 2 and a half blocks while shooting 69% from the field, 100% from the charity stripe, and he still gets you almost 3a half assists. So especially if you're in a daily league, I like Luke Cornette as a silly season, plug and play option. He's gonna have nights with big minutes. Yeah. And an absolute DFS stud in those 5 starts averaging 35 fantasy points per. My long shot is a longtime favorite of the pod, a guy who, we unfortunately have not been able to bring up yet this season. Brandon Clark, forward center for the Memphis Grizzlies, 3% rostered. Clark made his season debut on Wednesday against the Lakers. It it was great to see. He played 21 minutes. I was surprised that he was able to top 21 minutes in his season debut. He finished with 6 points, 5 boards, and one steal. You know, my my attraction to Brandon Clark has always been his defensive upside. I believe he's a guy who can go out there and get, you know, a couple blocks of steel, really contribute on that end. Decent rebounder as well. It's just a matter of minutes. And Memphis, you know, we've seen with Memphis this year, their rotation. They probably have had the most, 5 man starting lineups, unique lineups in the history of the NBA this year. Absolutely bonkers. My guess is they'll take it slow with with Brandon Clark. They don't want to, they they don't wanna just throw them to the fire after missing the vast majority of the season, but his minutes should pick up down the stretch, and he's worth a stream if you're in a deep enough league where you're looking for for some defensive stats. Clark was out for over a year. You'd think they'd wanna boost his confidence a little with some strong meaningless games where, yeah, he, cleans the glass and gets some gimme points. I still believe I still believe Ruhi Ruhi and Brandon Clark, former teammates at Gonzaga. Alright. There you go. Oh, that's all all tied together here. Is that it, gentlemen? Do we go to the close already? We can. I was I was about to throw in a fun fact. The Grizzlies have started 20 have started 21 players this season. 21 different players for the Memphis Grizzlies have have drawn a start. Wild. Wow. You don't have a redo. They must can you tell where that ranks? It must lead the league this year. I don't I don't have that up, but I would imagine that. And that probably ranks. Probably, like, 14 of them, at least are no longer on the Grizzlies roster. Yeah. Yeah. We can wrap it up. Ken, do you have a quote for us, or we just we just harden up? No. I was like, Ken the Irish accent. Attention passengers. This 3 car fantasy train wreck has hit the end of the line. Good luck in your fantasy playoffs.