Welcome into the rotor wire NBA basketball pod. Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz here with you. We're gonna be talking NBA futures bets, news, notes, injuries, schedule updates at the break. We'll take live viewer and listener questions later in the episode as well. Let's hit it. Brandon, what's going on, man? It's been a a long week since chatting with you. We don't have a ton of basketball news, unfortunately, to get to. Perhaps fortunately, I know if you were, grinding away at the Orlando Magic Arena, I will always call it the Amway Center. I have no idea what it is currently called. I'm still this this is the case for, like, every sports arena stadium. This is, you know, NFL, hockey, baseball, NBA. Like, whatever the stadium was named in, like, 2008 is what it will permanently be in my head. Yeah. I haven't come around on the Casia Center quite yet. What what even is that? That's the it's where the Miami Heat play. But I still call it American I think I still call it American Airlines or Yes. Yeah. I I totally get it. Now I'm contractually obligated to not call it the Amway Center, so I have made the swift change to, and I drive a Kia, so it's easy. It was Woah. Easy from day 1 to make I'm not trying to brag or anything. Woah. I didn't know you drove a Kia, dude. So the Kia Center rolls off the tongue for me. I I will say so the Kia Center. People complain when we don't talk basketball right away, so we'll try to keep this brief. But because you brought this up, I will say so I'm I'm, like, softly in the market for a new vehicle. Like, I I have a Chevy Malibu that I tolerate, don't love. I had a I had a Ford Fusion that I absolutely loved. It started on fire 2 summers ago, so I had to get rid of that one. It was not not salvageable. Not on fire like we would talk about Steph Curry from the 3 point line. Actually Oh, no. Like fire fire. This isn't like an NBA jam situation. Like, it burned down my garage fire. Yeah. That's a story for a different day. But, Kias and Hyundais in the Milwaukee area at least are notably discounted. I mean, they're, like, 30% cheaper than any other used vehicle because there's a there's a epidemic of car thefts in this area, by a group known as the Kia boys with a z. And they they, like, film these exploits. There's, like, a YouTube documentary. There's videos on social media. It's like a bunch of high school kids that go around stealing Kias and Hyundai specifically because, apparently, there's something about those 2 cars that makes them easy to steal. You can, like, hot wire them with a USB. That's the rumor at least. So have the Kia boys made it to Orlando? Not that I'm aware of, but I remember after I bought I, I bought the car not too long ago, and I remember I was telling somebody that I work with at the Iheart station in Orlando that I work at, and they go, you know, Kias are the most stolen cars in America. And I thought, well, this is really good information to learn after I bought the car. And now I'm hearing about this, and I think that this might be the reason why they have soared to the top of the list. But I just I choose not to live in fear, Nick, and it's a good car. So I, I, I it comes with the comes with the Brandon Kravitz stamp of approval. And if it gets stolen, it gets stolen. You know? That's why you have car insurance. Alright. Let's talk some all star weekend. You know, we didn't do a pod on Monday with Alex. He was off. It was company holiday, president's Day, of course. That one snuck up on me. You could have told me Presidents Day was literally any day of the calendar, and I would have believed you. So I I have not really had a chance to fully vent on all star weekend. We talked about it a little bit on the SiriusXM show, which, by the way, has now moved to a daytime time slot. Thank goodness. 12 to 2 PM EST. You could catch us on SiriusXM Fantasy. I think this is gonna go down as a disaster for the NBA. That seems to be the primary takeaway. I personally, Brandon, think this is completely overblown. I think this is kind of a a manufactured controversy where the NBA is almost hurting itself by trying to convince everyone that, alright. This is the year everybody's going to try. We we sent in doctor j. We sent in Larry Bird. You know, they they talked to the guys. They're gonna play hard. And maybe I'm in the minority here. I'm I'm okay with the NBA being an ex or the all star game being an exhibition game. I don't really need 4 quarters of NBA finals game 7 intensity. I will say it's it's maybe swung a little too far in the lackadaisical direction. You know, we we got Luka Doncic throwing up 3 quarters court shots. You got guys, you know, whipping the ball out of bounds all over the place. Like, it was embarrassing at times. I I will give that to the NBA, but I I think there's a medium here where it doesn't have like, the NBA seems to want this to be as intense as possible, and the players want want this to be as, you know, streetball as possible, which is totally fine because I I think that's the fun part of the all star game is, you know, Tracy McGrady wearing 2 different shoes, throwing the ball off the backboard, and, you know, that's that's kinda what I come to the all star game for. Yeah. I I think the proliferation of threes, maybe that's the issue. Like, we're not seeing as many dunks. We're not seeing as many, like, highlight dribble moves, passes, things like that. It's turned into each team shooting 73 pointers, which is just not an appealing product. So I get that, but I I think this whole this whole thing about the all star game needing to be competitive, I it's I just I don't feel that way as a fan. Yeah. I'm gonna make a very obvious statement, and we'll go in more depth than this. If you don't like it, if you don't think it's good, if it's not the competitiveness that you're seeking out, which I think you're you're turning on the wrong show if that's what you're looking for, Don't watch it. Your eyes are your wallets in this situation. If you don't like what the NBA is doing with the all star game, watch something else and then check back in when they start playing regular season games again. Or if you're among the, the community, and I doubt anybody listening to this is in that group because you play fantasy basketball. But if you think the regular season, they don't try hard enough there. Check-in during the playoffs. You know, you can speak with your viewing patterns rather than just watching something that clearly makes you miserable. There are so many people, and the and this is what I come back to as I've talked about this for the last couple of days. What exactly do you expect when you turn on the all star game? And why do you think that in 2024, it's that different from what it was 20 years ago? I give you the nineties were different. The eighties were definitely different. I think they were hardfouling each other in the seventies. This is not Pete Rose running a a catcher over at home plate. You know? That those days are gone in any all star game and especially in the NBA. The NFL did away with their all star game altogether for exactly that reason. We are far removed, and I think every fan would agree. I'd much rather my star player be healthy and optimized come playoff time than to give it a max effort during the all star game because at the end of the day, who really cares? Nick, I went back and looked at highlights from 2,008. This was almost 20 years ago. People are saying that we have reached an all time low for all star games. Go back and watch the highlights from the 2008 all star game, which our precious Kobe Bryant was a part of who always gave it his all. That looked exactly the same as what we watched, but you brought it up. It's the 3 point shot. We're seeing way more threes, and so it looks different. Mhmm. You said exactly what I was going to say, which is I think we are misremembering, you know, the all star game historically. And I know if you go far enough back, yeah, it used to be at least more competitive. But, you know, I I think the the score is one thing that was shocking. Right? Seeing seeing 211 on your score graphic, that was not what Adam Silver wanted. I I thought the the trophy presentation by Silver was incredible. The well, you scored the most points. There you go. Like, that was just an that was that summed up perfectly, I think, how Adam Silver felt about this. He was visibly upset and, yeah, I think embarrassed in some ways. But, again, you know, why why did they think things were going to change this year? What what what changed over the last calendar year, other than having, you know, 2 old guys in in Julia serving and Larry Bird tell the players, hey, please play hard. Like, what what changed? Why why would why would this be the year that that everything would that switch would flip? I I have no idea. And you're totally right. You know, they they replay these old all star games, especially during the all star break. Like I have NBA TV on in my office all day, every day, and they replay these old games. It looks the same. And yeah, the scores were lower, but the equivalent of scoring 200 points in 2005 was scoring like 150 points, which is what was happening in these all star games. So, yeah, I I think there's this collective, like, we're forgetting that the all star game has never really been all that competitive. I I what like you said about the threes, that's the one thing that you know, it it's maybe gone a little too far. Everybody you know, you just come down, toss up a 3. Alright. Somebody grabs a rebound. Go do the same thing on the other end. There were not as many threes, in previous all star games. We are seeing more dunks. We are seeing, you know, more one on ones. Yeah. There's some of those classic clips of, like, you know, Kobe and LeBron going 1 on 1 for a possession. Like, you get these these singular highlights within a game. I just pulled up a random one. 2006 all star game. This was a 122, 120 win for the east, and this was at the time that teams were scoring, like, 85 points a game, oftentimes. This was peak Detroit Pistons, Rashid Wallace, Ben Wallace. The Easter conference attempted 21 3 pointers in that game. 21 in an all star game. We've we've, like, quadrupled that. Yeah. So I to me, that's that's the thing I would fix is I don't you can't really go out and tell the players, like, hey. Stop taking threes, but just be like, hey. Just cool it on the threes a little bit. I think it'll be a better product if we do a little bit more, you know, kind of singular one on one. Just try to do something that's not, you know, jack of 3, 4 seconds into the shot clock. I think that would actually go a long way toward improving the product. I have an idea I have an idea that just sparked to my mind with you bringing that up because they used LED quartz throughout the course of the weekend. And I don't know if these LED quartz are play ready. They were good enough for a dunk contest and a 3 point shooting contest, but I heard commentators say, this is nice, but, they're a little too slick to be played on. But if they get to the point where you can do that, it would be fun if during the all star game, there were moments where the 3 point line just disappeared, where they actually were able to take the 3 point line out of the game. And then at other times in the game, it reappeared. Oh, look. The 3 point line is back. They could spice up the game that sort of a way and and create this, more of a need to to go 1 on 1. Because here's the thing, you're right. There were more threes, but it's not like this looked like a college basketball game where it was clink city. They were going in. Like, that was the thing that I was watching this game, and I was amazed. Now did I see max effort? Absolutely not. I'm not trying to trying to paint a picture that doesn't exist. But, Nick, these guys were knocking them down. I don't have the purse do you have the percentages in front of you? I think they I think both sides shot a pretty high percentage. That's what it felt like Yeah. Watching it. Well, I think the east especially, this is not updated on basketball reference, for some reason yet. I could find I could find you the box score. But, yeah, the I mean, the east specifically shot the lights out. I think, you know I mean, Tyres Albert had 5 threes in, like, the first 5 minutes of the game. Yeah. That and that was awesome. Like, yeah, they're shooting more threes. So the the east yeah. You're right. The east shot 43%, the west 35%, but the east got 97 threes. 97. It's crazy. The the east made 42. The west made 25. They're shooting too many, but they're also they're making them. Those are those are good numbers for a regular season game. And and they're and from where they're shooting the ball from. So I think that that is the way that we are definitely choosing we're looking through the nostalgic lens, and it's warping reality. The all star game really hasn't changed that much from an effort standpoint, but shooting threes at a high clip looks like you're not trying as hard. It's the same thing people complain about during the regular season. It's the same thing I hear people complain about when they play a pickup game at an indoor court. It's like everybody just wants wants to jack up threes. It looks like you're not Yep. Trying as hard as when you go into the paint. Yet again, Stephen Curry has ruined basketball, Brandon. He's done it. So it's a and it's a mix. It's a mix of the top 2 stars because Steph Curry brought it ushered in the volume 3 game that has impacted the all star game, and LeBron ushered in the friendship era. And so none of these guys wanna go at each other because they're all buddy buddy. This used to not be a buddy buddy league, and that's and that's how a lot of people that are nostalgic about the eighties nineties remember magic and bird hated each other. MJ hated everyone. Those days don't exist. These guys are out there hugging and clowning with each other, whether they're on the same team or not, and that's just where we are in the NBA now. I think we've a lot of folks out there have wasted a lot of breath worrying and stressing over the all star game. It it is what it is. I don't think it's gonna change anytime soon. They would have to move it. I think that's the only way without going into the specifics of the game itself. I think you'd have to get it out of February. These guys do try hard in exhibitions before the season starts. If they have a pickup game at in in Brooklyn or, you know, all those different places they play pickup, they they go hard in those games. Yep. You're not gonna get a these guys are on a break. They play a busy schedule. They've got a busy schedule ahead. The playoff schedule is grueling. A lot of those players that you saw during the all star game are gonna be in the playoffs. They're not gonna give you max effort. If I made cotton candy for a living and you gave me a weekend off and I went to the cotton candy all star game, I'm not gonna try as hard as I would when I'm I I like, I wanna break. It was a weird analogy using cotton candy. I'm just trying to explain that when you get a break doing the thing that you even if it's the thing you love and the thing that you're great at, you still need a break. And even though these guys are in that game, they still view it that way. I was glad that Anthony Edwards was the one guy who came out and said it. Like, I don't wanna play hard. The guys don't wanna play hard. The and he basically parroted what you just said. He's like, this is the all star break. It's the all star game. You know, you people don't want to come out here and go hard. I mean, some of these teams played on Thursday night, and I I think including the Timberwolves, right, including Anthony Edwards, including Giannis and and Dame Lillard and Stephanie Curry. It's like, it's not they have bigger breaks between games during the regular season than they do, between their previous real game and the all star game. So I actually applaud Anthony Edwards for being the one guy who, you know, LeBron, everybody else is like, yeah. You know, we'll we'll see how it goes. Try to play hard. And Edwards is like, no. I'm not playing hard. I'm shooting left handed. It's about what it's about. And there and and you also have to compare the all star game now compared and I think a lot of people just don't see this side of the NBA. It's different than it was in the nineties or even the early 2000. These guys have functions to go to every single day. They are at wherever the all star game resides. This is not just kick back, relax, and then on Sunday night, you play a basketball game. It's so much more intense than that. And so these guys are worn out, and they're already worn out from the season. I'm not trying to throw anybody a pity party, but just understand the this is a this is like a work convention while you while everyone else in the league is allowed to kick back, relax, and hang out with their families, and these guys are still in a position where they're supposed to entertain you. They just yeah. They don't care, and I don't think there's really anything you could do about it. Alright. So we got a a comment here. He says they should play the All Star game by conference, which which they did do this year. The winner gets game 7 at home. They will start trying harder. I don't think so. I don't think so. I mean, the the majority of the guys in this game probably know they're not playing in the NBA finals. Right? You know, is is is Scottie Barnes gonna gonna go really super hard for the 17 win Raptors, because, you know, they have a chance to to get game 7 at home. I I just don't I don't think they don't know. Baseball. It didn't work, and they changed it for exactly that reason. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. I I don't I don't think that would be enough. I know some people have said, oh, you you know, pay everybody $5,000,000, and then they'll go hard. Like, maybe. I don't really think that's the way that the NBA wants us to go, or you're you're just paying off players to to try a little bit harder. I think that's a weird look too. It's a weird optic because these guys already make so much money, and now they need to make loads more in order to care about this. It the only way to change it in terms of effort is to move the date. I think it's and things have just simply I know it used to it's always been in this spot, but just based on the way these guys are managed as athletes, the schedules that they now have in front of them, every series is 7 games in today's NBA. That was not the case back in the day. I I think if you want max effort, make this a Christmas event. Do you do you agree if they if they said if they also rather than an all star slate on Christmas day, this game was on Christmas. Do you think they would try harder? I don't think it'd be enough time. Right? I mean, that'd be too early in the season. Whereas, you know, now it's like the 2 thirds mark. That would be like the 1 third mark. No. I don't I don't think I don't think that would change anything, to be honest. No. And and, you know, you can move it after the NBA finals, you know, like, more of like a Pro Bowl type of structure. I don't think that would help. I think there's nobody would help. And once their season ends, those guys are on vacation. They're not they're not flying back from Tulum or whatever to to go play in the all star game. I think we just have to accept that it is what it is, and I I think Adam Silver needs to stop, try to convince everybody that it's that it's something that it's not. Matt Carmody, noted Bucks fan in the chat, says, as a Bucks fan, it was nice to see Luller do well. I agree. Big weekend. It was a breakout performance for him this year. Yeah. Won the won the 3 point shootout, back to back. 1st guy to go back to back since the great Jason Capono in 2007, 2008. Obviously took home all star game MVP. Have we ever seen a slumping player like Lillard use the all star game as a as a means of getting his confidence back? It feels like a first to me. I'm sure that if we looked hard enough, we could pluck out somebody that has done this. But 3 point shooting winner and the all star game MVP, I'm not even sure that's been done before, and especially for somebody who hasn't really been playing up to his standard. So I'm I'm not naive enough to think that this is a spark to the season for Damian Lillard, but I will be watching for it. So last thing on the all star game, then we'll move on. We'll talk some fantasy. We'll talk some futures. Dunk Contest was a disaster. Disaster. I mean, the telecast was one of the most thoroughly confusing hours of television that I've ever watched. Like, the scores didn't make sense. The dunks were bad. They completely missed a Jaylen Brown dunk at one point. The camera just never turned. That didn't see the dunk. We saw it on replay. That was great. I mean, it was it was bad. Yeah. I think this is as bad as it's ever been, and there's been some some pretty bad ones in the last, decade or so. Do we need to make the 3 point contest the marquee event? Like, should that be the the end of the night? Should everything build toward the 3 point shootout? Should everything, you know, maybe build toward I I think we're gonna see more of this, you know, Steph Curry versus Sabrina, Steph Curry versus Caitlin Clark. You know, maybe we get some other players in the mix, get some more WNBA promotion. I'm totally fine with that. I mean, that to me ended up being the highlight of the night, whether the NBA intended that to be the case or not. I am not an abolish the dunk contest guy. I love it too much. There's too much history. There's too many great moments over the years that have come out of the dunk contest. I think this is something where they need to find a way to motivate players. Like, I I would actually be okay with them raising, you know, the payout to to participate in the dunk contest. I don't think you I don't think you you could pay off players who are already making $50,000,000 to try harder in the all star game. But if you're putting 5 mil on the line for the winner of the dunk contest, maybe that pushes Ja Morant or Zion Williamson or, you know, a a healthy Shade and Sharp if he was healthy this year to participate in that because it's just it's not a good look to be bringing up half of the field from the g league every year, which is kind of what it seems like it's going to be going forward. I think the easiest thing to do is what you mentioned at the top. Just move it to the front. Just move the I think our expectations would would shift back to more of to more to be in line with what we're actually going to receive as viewers if they just didn't treat it like it was the main event because it doesn't I have to force myself to stay up for the dunk contest now. I'm not excited to do it. I'm just I like I have to then stand up from the couch so I don't fall asleep kinda move. The 3 point shooting contest does feel like it's moved into that main event stage. I wouldn't be opposed, and this is somewhat of a drastic idea if they just if they just melded the skills challenge with the dunk contest where you have this you have stars that compete in the skills competition. If the dunk a creative dunk was added to your score at the end of the skills challenge, and it was all sort of all encompassing and just make the skills challenge longer, I wouldn't be opposed to something like that. The dunk contest is dead, but I don't necessarily wanna see it go away either. The fact that Mac McClung, who, by the way, I will have on my show later on today. So Oh. You get a chance to chat with Mac. He is in the history books now with Michael Jordan as one of the only back to back winners ever. Jason Richardson, Nate Robinson, Michael Jordan, and Mac McClung. That's the list. It's a no disrespect to Mac. That's a travesty. And they they gotta do they have to do something, but I don't think we're gonna get to a point where the stars wanna compete. I think that that ship has already sailed. So whatever idea they come up with, if we're gonna be realistic about it, I don't think it can involve the Zions of the world. LeBron you wanna go back to LeBron's era ruining something? LeBron ruined this. There's no debating that. He's the only up and coming top star through the history of the NBA that didn't compete in this. Jordan did it. Kobe did it. LeBron, he LeBron decided I'm too good for this event, and then every up and coming top star that followed him said, yep. Me too. Every single not a contest dunker. That's that's always been my stance on that. LeBron is LeBron to me is the best in game dunker ever, and I I know that's maybe somewhat controversial. Guys like Vince Carter and, you know, whoever else you wanna throw out there. Look up look up like LeBron's top 100 dunks on YouTube and tell me there's a a better highlight reel than that. He is an in game dunker. He is not I don't think he has a bag of tricks when it comes to dunk. He he does his, you know, cockback tomahawk. That's the go to. You know? He'll he'll pull out a windmill in the helmet. I'm talking about early. I'm talking early LeBron. Like, 2003 to 2006. That guy is not doing some sort of pump action reverse dunk. May maybe. Because back then, the standards were lower. Right? I mean, you could win the dunk contest with a 3 60 win medal. Right? Now that that's like a a 45. Although, for some reason, like, the minimum score seemed to be a 47 the other night. Like, the worst dunks of the night, you know, getting, like, 4 The scoring made no sense. We gotta I mean, step 1 is remove the judges. Yeah. The judge Fred Jones. Abolish all, yeah, abolish all the judges. We don't need this. We can vote for a winner on American Idol. I can pretty sure we could figure out how to vote for a dunk contest winner. Just put it in the app, put it in the NBA app, get more sign ups, and have the fans vote for who they think is the the winner. Be okay with that. We have the technology. Involved. Yeah. Alright. Let's hit some fantasy questions before we talk futures. We got some good ones in the chat here. Matt says, what's up, guys? Ayode Sumu and Grant Williams are on waivers in my league. Would you drop Kelly Olynyk or Derek Lively to pick up either of them? This is a head to head Yahoo Points League. Off the top of my head, I think I'd be comfortable dropping Olinic for either of those guys, especially Desumu. You know, Olinic, you know, he had a he had a back injury their final game before the break. So you you see, oh, he played only 7 minutes. That was a little bit skewed. He had played really well in his first two games with Toronto prior to that. I did bet his points over in that game. It was it was not, it was not voided, unfortunately. I still you know, he's still playing backup minutes to to Jacob Pirtle. Again, the numbers look really good. He had 6 steals in his first two games with Toronto. So he's not a must drop by any means, but I you know, when healthy, I still think he's playing, like, 18 to 22 minutes tops most nights, whereas, to Sumu looks like he might be a high thirties minute guy the rest of the way. Levin's not coming back. Depends what you need, depends what your, you know, what more more so in a points league, depends on your, you know, your your roster situation. Do you need a big man versus a guard? But I I think there's quite a bit more upside with Desumu, over Olinik for sure. Lively to me, kind of a different case. I mean, he he missed time, you know, with the the facial injury. They brought in 2 big men at the deadline. We only really have one sample, of him playing with PJ Washington and Daniel Gafford. He had 4 blocks in 17 minutes, against the Spurs in their final game before the break. So there's not to me, there's not a must drop here, but I if you don't pick up Tasun Moo, somebody else is going to. Absolutely. He he should be I think he should be rostered in every league. What he's been doing from 3 point, 3 point land has been outstanding, and you're getting assists. You're getting a few rebounds as well. It's not gonna buoy you in terms of the defensive stats, but look at what he's done. This these last three games that he's played, 4 made threes, 5 and 5. He's shot 56% in the month in the month of February. And like Nick said, this guy isn't gonna dip below 30 minutes played the rest of the season. So he's a he's a must add, and I'd be willing to drop a Olenek as well. Yeah. Olenek to me would be the top drop. And then you're yeah. Yeah. I would I would say drop Olenek for Desumu. I'm still I'm just not the biggest Grant Williams guy, but he's played really well. The minute it seem like they're gonna be there. You know, Charlotte has really nothing on the line here. They they wanna maximize that. You know, with Lively, again in a points league, I think I would just take Grant Williams. I think there's going to be a higher floor there in a category league. You know, you're chasing the blocks a little bit more specifically when it comes to Lively. But I I do worry what his role is going to be because they've looked I mean, they've looked incredible since bringing in Washington and Gafford. And I think, you know, those those 3 guys in general, they probably all all their fantasy value is probably lower than it was before the deadline. So I'd be I'd be okay, you know, dropping Lively in favor of Grant Williams in a points league specifically. Ian says, would you be willing if you're willing to trade Deandre Eaton in a 9 category league, what range of rank should I be targeting? Okay. So you're you're offloading Deandre Eaton. Okay with that. I I don't know that he's a shutdown candidate because he is so young and they they view him as a future piece, but he could be. You know, Portland is is kinda in that in that mid, bottom zone, you know, where as of right now, they would have the 5th best lottery odds. It's kinda Portland versus Charlotte for that that 4 spot where you have the the same odds as the the top 3. So we'll see if Portland, you know, tries to do anything there toward the end of the year. Again, I'm not I'm not opposed to offloading Aton. You know, could you target could you target someone like Nurkic? Could you target someone like Jacob Hertel if you're looking for another center? Yeah. I think he's got a really tough market. I don't know who's buying Deandre Ayton at this point thinking that that's gonna be the piece that puts you over the top. I think you if you're gonna trade him, you gotta get a little sneaky with it. A guy like and this would be a leap of faith, but a guy like Zach Collins of the Spurs, I think, would get the deal done, but you're banking on the idea that when Benjama is gonna be shut down at some point. And then and then you're mopping you'd have the number one big for the Spurs. I think you'd have to make a move like that. Otherwise, that's just gonna be one of those trade offers that I think that just that just sits in your inbox. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Daniel Gafford comes to mind, somebody we just talked about. Clint Capela, maybe you buy low on him coming back from injury. That would be the the general range that I would be shopping in. An unoriginal guy says, hi. Who to drop in a 9 cat, 10 team league? Should I thought you were just ripping this dude, and then I saw the username. No. No. We're not ripping him, man. You said, should I drop Kelvin Johnson or Herb Jones? Good question here. You know, Kelvin Johnson has has fallen off a bit, over the last few weeks. Minutes have have started to decline for him. Spurs rotation still a mess every single night. Herb Jones, meanwhile, started to play better, had that, you know, month plus long stretch where he was just not really giving you much on the defensive end, which is obviously a big concern for Herb Jones that has started to come around. He did not play well in their final game before the break, but prior to that, had a pretty nice run. No dice at Daniels for several more weeks. I mean, he could miss the rest of the season with the meniscus, and I I think that's really gonna help Herb Jones. So in a in a nightcap league, I would I would keep Herb Jones, and I would drop Kelvin Johnson. You know, I mean, Kelvin Johnson, you're you're you know, you're there's several categories that you're concerned about, whereas Herb Jones is gonna give you a much higher floor. You know, Calm Johnson, not a good free throw shooter. The field goal percentage is all over the place. Defensive stats really tend to come and go. It's actually been a little bit better lately than you'd think, but the scoring, the rebounding has been down. He doesn't really generate assists, so I would I would drop Kelvin Johnson. Yeah. Kelvin Johnson is one of the more erratic players in the NBA, and that and that comes with the territory of being on a bad team, but he's also part of the reason they're a bad team in my opinion. Not a guy that you can trust game in and game out, and he gives you these spike performances, but he'll go right back. He'll go from 21 points and 16 rebounds to 7 points and and one. You know that I I would just rather have the safety and stability of a guy that I can trust and and fills up more of those, those categories. Herb Joan Herb Jones rather would be the, choice for me as well. Alright. Umad says Jokic and Neesmith or Luca and Bagley going forward, in a 14 team 9 cat head to head league. So this I I assume, you know, this maybe is a trade offer that either you're throwing out there or someone has presented to you. Oh, this is tough, man. I I I think, you know, both of these guys are so close. Obviously, Jokic and and Luca and then Nesmith and Bagley are are comparable on their own way as well. I think I would just, I I I think I still want Jokic. Yeah. This trade come this when you have 2 players of this caliber that are 2 of the top 5 players in fantasy, the secondary player in the trade is almost irrelevant, especially when you're talking about names like this. So it really comes down to who do you want more, Jokic or Doncic. Love both, but I would still take Jokic over Luka. Yeah. It's close. I mean, Luka's been the better fantasy player for the last month or so, and I I think that should continue. I mean, Dallas is gonna be in a dog fight for seeding to stay out of the play in zone. I I mean, I actually I like D Smith more than I do Bagley. I know I said they were comparable. I think I'd rather have Neesmith. So to me, that does that does break the tie. So I would I would take the Jokic Neesmith side, but I'm okay with either side of this. I mean, Luca, the county stats with with Dodges are insane. Right? I mean, it's basically 36, 10, and 10 every single night. So, again, as we always say, positional need, you know, that's part of it as well. If you're in a category league as you are, you know, you're you're if you need, you know, certain categories with Luca, they're fairly comparable. Obviously, he's gonna give you more threes. I think that would be the big difference. But Neesmith is obviously gonna give you way more threes than Bagley. So maybe that offsets it. Alright. Let's see. Mister a, not doctor a. Mister a says, do I drop Desumu to pick up Keonte George? No. I'd keep Desumu. I'm I'm really high on this guy. I love what I'm seeing. I think he's super efficient, and and the bulls are gonna continue to give this guy room to grow. So I'm not I'm not trying to move off of him. Yeah. I I think this is a prescient question because Keonte George had that crazy game before the break, right, where he hit, like, what what he finished with 9 threes, in that win over Golden State. That is an outlier, a big time outlier, and I don't think we see a game like that again from Keatje George. He's been like a 30, 34% 3 point shooter on the year. I do think they're gonna be really comparable going forward, though. George is gonna give you more on the defensive end. I think the minutes are absolutely going to be there. Keep in mind, Brandon, that the Utah Jazz owe a top 10 protected pick to OKC. So it seems to me that Utah has decided we wanna prioritize trying to keep that pick as opposed to gunning for the 10 seed out west, which they, you know, they they could if they wanted to. I think they have a chance to get it. You know, you're competing with Golden State and the Lakers primarily for that. But I think the indications that they've given around the trade deadline and how they've handled their rotation over the last few weeks tell me that they're okay with falling back. And that means probably more key update George down the stretch, but Daszuka has been doing it for longer. He's been more consistent. Like you said, I mean, he's shooting 58% from the field over the last 15 games, which is pretty huge if you're in a category league. You're not going to get anything close to that from Keontay George. You know, I think they're gonna be comparable in terms of turnovers. I think, defensively, they'll be relatively comparable. Keontay George is gonna give you more assists, but I I would still rather have Desumu. I'm looking at the Jazz schedule. I will say this, though, and I still I would still take Desumu as well, but just just be warned that over the next week, we might look wrong because Yeah. He's got Charlotte, San Antonio, Atlanta coming up, and Washington's in the mix as well after a couple of games against those Florida teams. So, they're cannot say George has a chance at some pretty splash games against the worst defenses in the NBA. Yeah. It's gonna be close. It's I mean, we could be totally wrong on this. I just I don't think one one of these guys is going to, like, dramatically outpace the other. I think I think they're both gonna have elevated value, and I I don't think you're you're going to rue the day that you, you know, you picked up one, dropped the other. We got a couple questions on Simons. Mister Ray says, will Simons be shut down? Don Sicario says, is Anthony Simon's a shutdown candidate? Yes and no. I I I would lean more toward yes. I I could see them shutting him down late in the year. You know, like we mentioned, mentioned, Portland Portland should be interested in finding their way to a bottom four record. And, you know, right now they have 15 wins. Charlotte has 13 wins. San Antonio has 11. I I think it'll be tough to catch the Spurs. I don't think they're catching Washington or Detroit. So Charlotte versus Portland the rest of the way for those lottery odds, is something to monitor. I mean, Simon is so young. He's a part of their core. They're losing games anyway with him out there. Like, it it's not a Malcolm Brogdon situation. Like, that that's DEFCON. Whatever the highest DEFCON is, I don't know if it's 1 or 8 or whatever. If we wanna go like Richter scale, that's like a 8.4 shutdown. Simons to me, I'm not nearly as concerned. Again, he is young. They haven't blocked up. They're not winning with him anyway. But, yeah, there there is some concern there. So the question is basically, you know, if you're rostering him, are you looking to get off of him with that fear in the back of your mind? Yeah. I'm not really worried about Anthony Simons as much. Malcolm Brogdon for sure because he's a veteran. Deandre Ayton is a guy I would have real fear if they're gonna go shutting players down. Anthony Simons is a score first player. Great that he puts up the numbers that he does, but I don't think he's somebody at this point in his career that's impacting wins and losses. So you might as well just continue to let him grow as an NBA player. It'll be like shutting down Scoot Henderson. Why? You know, you still even though you're angling for a pick, and I get that, you still need to grow the young players that are on your team so that when you add somebody to your roster, you're ready to take that step forward. They could go either way with it, but that would be my thinking is it would it would seem more counterproductive than anything else to shut him down. Ant says, hey, guys. I got a log jam on the wing. Who should I drop? Josh Green, Tim Hardaway junior, or Tari Eason in the category league? Do we have an update on when Eason is coming back? Like Not really. Not really. And that's that's the the kicker here. I worry about Tari Eason specifically because it's been so long. Right? We haven't seen him since New Year's Day. And during that time, you know, Cam Whitmore has taken off, and Thompson has taken off. I think the context has changed for this Rockets team. And I I just I don't know if they bring him back and say, alright, we're we're just handing you 25 minutes. Amen. You're you're playing 18 minutes a game again. You know, Ken Whitmore, you're, you know, back to playing 15 minutes a game. Like, I just I don't know if that's going to be the case. I think there's going to be a ramp up period for him whenever he does return. Like, he could he could be back this week. We have no idea. It could be another 2 weeks. You know, this didn't seem like it was going to be as long term of an injury as it's turned into. So I I I'm I'm not saying I I don't think I need to rush out and and grab Tar Easton right now. I would say I would I would hold Tim Hardaway. I think there's still a decent amount of scoring upside there. And, you know, most of their moves at the deadline were concentrated in the front court. Nothing really changed for him. Josh Green, it's gonna be hit or miss. Right? Yeah. I think when when Luca or Kyrie are out, you know, we've seen him have some nice games when everybody's healthy, the minutes haven't necessarily been there. You know, he's a pretty low usage player. You're you're just hoping you get a couple of steals. So I'd be I I would say I would be comfortable dropping Josh Green or Tari Eason. I would hold Tim Hardaway. Yeah. The Eason news, I'm looking at the, the report at rotor wire. Lower leg injury is gonna be reevaluated around this point, probably maybe even as we speak, but experiencing lingering pain in his lower leg, that to me does not sound like, that it it just sounds like one of those things that's gonna extend longer than it's supposed to. What does that even mean? I I would, I would drop Tar Heese and stop hanging on for hope. Jay Sizzle 810 says he wanted to drop Klay Thompson for Trey Mann in a 9 cat, 10 team league. Is this a good move? Man, while that we're getting this question, and This is where we are. I mean Trey Mann's been great. Yeah. I went and added Trey Mann all over the place last week. He he had a great game before the break. He's really been doing everything. He rebounds really well for a guard of his size. He's playing a ton of minutes. He takes a ton of threes. You know, he's handed out at least 6 assists in those first three games with Charlotte. So there's there's a real case here. It it kind of depends if you think bench clay is going to to be a thing here going forward. I mean, obviously, quite crazy, 35 points off the bench, 7 threes against Utah, but it's been really, really spotty other than that. If you're in a category league, to me, it depends. Like, how how much do you really need the threes? Because I I still think Clay is gonna be more dependable. He's gonna give you a higher volume of 3 pointers. I think Trey Mann is going to give you way more accounting stats overall. You're probably gonna have to live with if you're in a 9 cat league, which you are, you're gonna have to live with more turnovers. You're gonna have to live with some nights where he's 4 or 15 from the field, but you're also gonna get those from Klay. So I I I think there's a real case here to to pick up Trey Mann. There's definitely a case for it. It's a really good question. The fact that Klay Thompson was pushed to the bench and then started to play a lot better makes me wanna hold right now rather than moving off of him. I wanna see what this looks like. You know that if he does it again and maybe even if he doesn't, this guy's gonna be scooped up with the quickness, and, there's always another Trey man out there. Now I know I know that he's playing great, but if Klay Thompson continues to over perform in his new role, you're gonna be sorry that you let him go. I would just wait another moment on this. Treyton says, hey, boys. What's up, Treyton? Should I drop Bagley, Mann, Desumu, Caruso, or Middleton to pick up Asar Thompson? Well, we're in on Treyman. We're in on Tasumo. Drop him. And I think it's Yeah. I think it's Caruso or Bagley for me, and I still don't know if I would do that. You know, again, with Caruso, you need the steals and Yeah. I mean, love the defensive stats with Caruso. Yeah. So it depends on what you need those. If you're if you're good on defensive stats, I'm actually okay dropping him because he doesn't give you a whole lot else. You know, offensively rebounding assists. Bagley is a center who plays for the Wizards, and they don't have many of those. He's got back to back double doubles. He's playing a ton of minutes that should continue. We'll see. You know, they've started to integrate with Sean Holmes a little bit. I don't know if that's that big of a threat. Yeah. You're in a pretty good spot here, man. Like, I I don't think any of those guys stand out to me as a must drop for a SAR who ultimately is still fairly risky. I I would say this. If if you need to move up in the standings, if you're in, like, 4th or 5th right now and you're you're kinda going for something, I think there's more potential upside with ASR than there is Caruso. Yeah. I would lean baggley, and and I agree. You're really targeting upside. You gotta limit your expectations when it comes to a SAR, though. I think we already saw the best from him this year. He also says Dennis Schroder and Ben Simmons are on the wire. I wouldn't touch Ben Simmons. I don't I'm not messing around with that. Schroder, who knows? If you got a new coach in there, the great Kevin Ali taking over in Brooklyn, I no. I I don't I don't think I would consider those guys. I think you're in a pretty good spot with the names that you that you brought up. Yeah. Simmons is a no go for me. I added Dennis Schroeder before the week before the all star break right after he was traded. I thought, I'd get ahead of the game there and immediately throw him back on the waiver wire, and I I don't think I'm gonna regret it. Okay. Last one here. Hilton says for playoffs, I have both LeBron and AD, Yahoo Points head to head league. Both of them have 2 games in week 2 of the playoffs. Do I try to trade both or just LeBron? Yeah. Good question. I mean, that's the thing in these these head to head playoff leagues is, you know, game count becomes huge at the end of the season in the playoffs. It's reasonable. Yeah. I mean, I I think obviously you gotta be getting a pretty decent return here, and you gotta hope that maybe someone else isn't paying attention to the schedule. Otherwise, you're going to have to expect to take a discount on that deal. I, you know, I'd have to look at what the playoff schedule looks like in, you know, in week 1 and and beyond. You know, if those guys have 4 games in week 1, 4 games in week 3, it's like maybe you can just survive that. I don't I don't know if I would trade both. That might be a a bit of an overreaction. But Yeah. Yeah. I I And who do you pick? Who do you pick between those 2 players? I think that would be the tough part too is you're gonna end up agonizing over which one can you get more for, who do you wanna hang on to. LeBron is more likely to be held out for rest purposes, but Anthony Davis is much more likely to be held out because he just simply got hurt. And so you have to weigh that as well. I think I would end up in gridlock between who had actually what I would do is I would just send trade offers that you know you're winning if you send them out. So not unrealistic, but definitely give your give yourself the edge. Send out offers for both and then see you know, it's unlikely that both are gonna be accepted and just see if one sticks. Maybe just see who get a feeler for who's more valuable to your league mates. Right. I believe if I'm looking at the correct week here, this is the week that begins March 17th. The Celtics have 5 games that week. So, you know, I mean, it sounds crazy on the surface, but do you float out like LeBron for Derrick White? And, you know, you'd you're probably getting more out of 5 games of Derrick White than you are too of LeBron. I heard a stat today. Derrick White leads the NBA in plus minus right now. Yeah. Not that you get Makes sense. Fantasy points for that, but it just goes to show how how valuable he is. We we we had the segment that we did weeks ago where we talked about the players that have been populated most on successful fantasy basketball rosters. Derrick White was a name that popped up that I think shocked us both. Yeah. That I would need a 2 for 1 on that, but I like where your head's at in terms of the strategy in place. Okay. We got one more in at the at the buzzer here, Brandon. Curry or Lillard and Kuzma in a 14 team 9 category league. This is a a tricky one. This to me completely depends on if you think Damian Lillard is bouncing back from this month and a half slump. If you think he is, I would take this deal 10 out of 10 times, and then I would take Lillard and Kuzma. If you think Lillard's gonna keep playing like he has for the last month and a half, then Curry is the is the more valuable side of this. It it's really eye of the beholder. I mean, Damian Lillard, it's hard to imagine it could be any worse than he's been. Yeah. And as weird as this sounds, I actually think you're buying Damian Lillard at the top of the market right now because of what he did in the all star game. Oh, come on. There are people that are gonna look and and and elevate his value. It's it's silly, but he's he he reminded all of us. It's not like, oh, you won the 3 point shooting contest, so now he's a better fantasy player. But he reminded all of us what kind of player, kind of abilities he has, And I wonder if that's a factor here. So I do think even if it's fictitious, I think his his value you I'd rather buy low on Damian Lillard than to get him now. I'd rather have Curry anyway. Alright. We'll end on this. Will you bless this blockbuster trade? Giannis for Shea. In a in a category league? Yes, I would. If it's category league, I would absolutely rather have Shea. Obviously the free throw percentage is the big differentiator here In a points league, it's still close. Giannis has been the better fantasy player by about 3 fantasy points per game. But in the Cath league, I think you gotta go Shay. It's really not I mean, they're separated by, like, around round and a half right now. If Nikola Jokic wasn't the star that he was, Shay Gilgeous Alexander at this point would be a lock for NBA MVP, and a lot of that is because of his efficiency shooting, the way he shares the basketball, and what he does on defense. All things that factor into what make him a great fantasy asset. This year, it is Shay. I agree. So blessed. Alright. Good questions as always, guys. We got we got so many that we couldn't even talk futures, Brandon, which is not necessarily a bad thing, but we'll hit those next week. We'll talk about those on both of the rotor wire shows on SiriusXM. You can hear us 12 to 2 PM EST, Monday through Thursday on SiriusXM Fantasy, and you can listen to the rotor wire NBA show on SiriusXM NBA radio 7 to 7:30 PM EST. We talk fantasy. We talk gambling. We get you ready for every NBA slate. We'll be back tomorrow night for that, once games resume. Brandon, good stuff as always, man. We'll talk next Wednesday. Bye, guys.