Hey, everybody. Welcome to the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. It is Thursday, January 18th, and I am doctor a Steve Alexander. That is Rick Kamla, the fantasy legend, also known as the freak. We got a lot to break down, including the big Pascal Siakam trade. Doc, your intros are everything, my brother. Everybody, come on in here. It's the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by Underdog Fantasy and, and, and FanDuel. And so we're excited about, about that. I'm excited, to bring some news to you guys that you may or may not know. If you follow at doctor a, you know this, but doctor a is going into the FSWA Hall of Fame. This is enormous news. It is way overdue, and doc is going in, man. So, have you talked to the first of all, doc, congratulations, man. And we texted about this, and I put some stuff out on Twitter about this. I'm super happy for you, man. How's this feel, bro? It feels good. It feels good, Rick. I feel like you should be there with me. You probably should've been in before me. You know, I was I was on a Legends podcast yesterday with Bruschi and Dan Bezburys, and we were talking about it. And, dude, I mean, we've we've said it before, but you had a fantasy basketball show on television, like, 10 years before the big boys were even talking about fantasy on television, you know, ESPN and and all that. And it it really was a huge inspiration in my career. So, you know, I I put it out there on Twitter. We we gotta get Camlin in the hall of fame. But as as far as how it feels, it it's pretty cool. Like, you know, I've had a kind of a tough year getting laid off at NBC and losing that family that I had for 20 years and all that. So this was a nice a nice bit of icing on a on a crappy cake for my year. And, you know, not being verified on Twitter, losing that because Elon took it away and gave it to everybody if they wanna pay for it, that that was kinda painful, but now it's like, oh, I don't care. I'm in the hall of fame. Well, Doc, I'm super happy for you, man. And you'll have this forever. You know what I'm saying? You're in, and it's a huge deal. Those of us who've been in the fantasy industry, you know, would like to get that nod at some point and be appreciated for the body of work. And I appreciate your kind words, you know, about me and and, you know, what I've done and and get me into the hall and all that kind of stuff. So, I appreciate that, man. So let's give the folks out here, people are already filing in, doc, some hall of fame analysis, alright, from you and maybe eventually one day me. So like you said, let's start with the Pascal Siakam trade here and some of the fallout. Let's go to the Toronto side first. They played last night. Miami, what was were they out kicking it until 5 AM in Toronto the night before? Toronto's a very, very fun city, and ball players love the city of Toronto. What was that? How do you get destroyed by a shorthanded Toronto team? But the big beneficiary here was Gary Trent junior. Season high, 28 points. Get him off waivers right now if you can because he's been very weird this year and kinda iced out. Schroeder's been more of their 6th man, especially after the, RJ Barrett and Emmanuel Quickley trade. But now, shoot, they need, Gary Trent to take I think he was 10 of 13 last night and do this. And, doc, one more thought to kinda launch you into this. We're all kinda looking at that center spot. Right? Pirtle has hurt. Pascal Siakam's been traded. Like, who can we bang here? Okay? No one. Jontaine Porter, Chris Boucher, and Thaddeus Sean. It's a wasteland. He Darko Reykjavik is not going with anybody specifically here. Thaddeus Young is Thaddeus Young's really, doc, almost never been a good Fantasy player, even when he was starting and playing 30 minutes a game. What did we get, doc? 11 points, 7 rebounds, 2 assists, close to a block, maybe a steal, 0.83. This guy's never been a good Fantasy guy, and he's still pack batting minutes from these younger players. I would love to green light Chris Boucher, doc, but I can't. I mean, some of the some of the thoughts that run through my head is why did Chris Boucher's career have to be in Toronto? I mean, just wasted the whole thing. He's 30 now. I I ship has sailed. No. No. He's he's not 30. Are you kidding me? Is he 30 years old, or are you just making that up? No. I think he's 30 years old. He might be he's pushing 31. Bro, I'll look it up as you talk here. You're probably not online with that. Jalen McDaniels gets 2 minutes for a skeleton crew. Yes. Yes. Why is he on the roster? Why are we wasting this guy? Just move him. Throw him in a deal. Oh my god. Chris Bache is 31 years old. Oh my god. Yeah. Doc, I would have said 27. Legit. I I cannot believe he's 31 years old. What is up with that? Wasted his entire career sitting behind Nick Nurse. Is Jontay Porter good at basketball? Like, I He's Michael's brother. I don't know if she's got that going for him. Dude, I I I mean, that's the guy I I picked him up in league. I mean, somebody has to play center for this team, and it looks like it's probably gonna be 50 year old Thaddeus Young. No. He's not really 50, but he's close. And it's good call at Boucher, by the way. That was a good call, man. You got me with that one, dude. Gary Trent, was he not on the trade block 2 weeks ago? Like He still maybe traded to your And and my thing about these trades, both of them, Indy has all these forwards stacked up on top of each other, and then Toronto still needs bigs because now they all they have is guards. Like, I think both of these teams are still probably looking to make another deal. Toronto I mean, we'll see. We'll we'll see what what they have going on. I I think, personally, I think Indiana's good. They got Bruce Brown out. They got their guy, Pascal Siakam. I guess Buddy Heel could be moved out of Indiana here, doc. Expiring deal. He could be traded before the deadline. Frankly, I would recommend that. Indiana is a very well built team by Kevin Pritchard. They are beyond deep, guys. They've got 3rd unit guys that can't find the floor. Jeris Walker, they dusted him off the other night. He was out there making plays. I think that was the blowout loss to Utah, if memory serves. But they've got Doc's right. They got they got all these guys. Isaiah Jackson. I'm an Isaiah Jackson guy. Okay? I wanna see Isaiah Jackson. Doc, all I'm asking for is half the game. Half the game. 24 minutes. He's going he's flirting with a double double with 2 blocks a game in 24 minutes. So but but this has ripple effects to a lot a lot of guys in Indiana, doc. Ben Matherin, buddy, healed. Obi Toppin. I think this is horrible news for for Obi Toppin. Right? He was already kinda on that Rick Carlisle yo yo. You're in starting lineup. You're you're off the bench, and now Siakam has completely bow guarded his spot. That's not good news for him. I do think, Doc, this is good news for Aaron Nesmith. Look. He's already a Carlisle favorite. They've already paid him. Frankly, Aaron Nesmith's one of my favorite role players in the league. I love the motor. I love the hustle. I love the 3 and d. He's just kinda got an it factor to him. I'm into it. Okay? But I think this is out this getting Bruce Brown is out is actually good news for Aaron Neesmith, doc. I think he's gonna be the starting 3. I don't know who their starting 2 is going to be. It could be Nevin. It could be Heald. It could be Matherin. And then one more thought. I I think this is bad news for Matherin, doc, because when you had Hallie and you had Turner, lot of nights, he could be that Robin. He could be that second guy. Now Siakam is definitely gonna be the Robin, and now you're trying to be the Alfred and, I don't know, like like, I I see him flirting more with 15 than I do him flirting with 20 going forward here. So your thoughts on the Pacers side of this? Well, I I think the key for me with Nesmith are the words you said. He's a role player. I'm not expecting big fantasy numbers from Nesmith. I do think he'll be a big role player for a very good team, that's trying to win right now, obviously. Like, they are not bringing Siakam in as a rental. They're gonna sign him. This is real. He wants to play with Ty Halliburton. I mean, who doesn't wanna play with Ty Halliburton? Who can't play with Ty Halliburton? Speaking of which, Tye Halliburton supposedly is gonna play against the Kings tonight. He was supposed to be out for almost another week, so that's exciting. I think it's bad news for Matherin. It's bad news for Obi Toppin. It's bad news for Jalen Smith. It's bad news for Isaiah Jackson. And all those guys. You know, Buddy Hield has been rumored to be all but out of Indy all year. He's still hanging around. He may be starting at shooting guard. We don't know yet. I'm hanging on to Hield right now. NeSmith is probably worth a look. I have Matherin on a couple of teams. I'm probably gonna hang on to him for a minute, see what shakes out. But, man, Rick Carlisle has a lot of toys to play with in the garage. And he is not afraid to push all kinds of different buttons on any night. Okay? He is not worried about hurting your feelings. He does not care. He wants to win, and he's an OG that way. We're the OGs. Rick Kamla and Steve Alexander on the Rotarwire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by, Underdog and also FanDuel. You wanna tell the people a little something something? Tackle millions in prizes, all playoffs long in FanDuel Fantasy Contest. If you're new to Fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match up to $100 at FanDuel. Playing Fantasy for huge gas prizes on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup, watch your team move up the leaderboard. Plus, on FanDuel, you can choose from full slate contests featuring multiple games, single game contests, season long baseball contests, beginner only contests, which are great for learning the ropes and more. And when you win, you get paid instantly. It's true. So kick off, this football playoff season with a 100% deposit match up to $100. Go to FanDuel.com to start playing for huge cash prizes today, or you can do like I do, Rick. It's me and 3 of my boys. We play for $2 every night. We we send out, the link every day at, like, noon, and then we build our team throughout the day. And then we we go at it for a $7.20 prize or something. And then on Fridays, which today is it's very special because we do $5 Fridays. So there's big money on the line on Fridays. I understand. I like it. You're you're making a a game out of the game. That's good stuff, man. That's good stuff. Alright. So, doc, let's move on here and talk about, my new favorite player in the NBA. His name is Gigi Jackson the second, and it's really wordy and clunky. I think we can just go Gigi at this point, and everybody knows. Shout out to Gigi up in heaven, my mom. But we're talking about Gigi Jackson right here. He plays basketball today, people. I'm stoked about this. He has given me reason to watch the Memphis Grizzlies. Ja Morant gave me reason to watch the Memphis Grizzlies. And then Ja Morant went back out, and I then went from not having a reason to watch the Memphis Grizzlies. And now I have a reason to watch the Memphis Grizzlies. Gigi Jackson, is he a thing? I believe he is. Last two games. The MLK Day game, against Golden State, 23 points, 6 boards, 1 assist, 2 blocks, 2 steals, 5 threes. What? 9 in the fantasy gold? Are you kidding me? This is like, we have struck gold here. The New York Knicks, the game before, he hit them for 26 and 1. Two blocks, no steals, and 2 threes. My man has 13, elements of fantasy gold here with the threes, the blocks, the steals in 2 games. Okay? Check this out, guys. It's because you're like, well, it's a fluke. It's a one hit wonder. Let's dig a little deeper here. Let's go to the g league. Okay? He played 6 games in the g league. The Memphis hustle, whatever the hell their name is. 6 games document, 1988, 1 and 1 in the blocks and steals, and 1.5 threes. Alright? So we've got, like, what in fantasy baseball, doc. Alright? I'm big on, your minor league track record, your your foreign international track record. Right? Because you got a a hitter come up. He's got a few home runs and, you know, he's sizzling and is it real? Like, is this guy good? Like, what? You gotta go to the back of the baseball card. And if I see that this guy was a macho in the minors and cranking 28 homers, 32 home runs, 24 home runs, 18 home runs, alright. This guy's a basher. Boom. I pick him up. So that's why the g league stats matter here. He was the top player in high school. They were saying on the on the, TNT broadcast the other night. And, doc, I wanna take you to to my scouting lab here. I know a $1,000,000, I know a $1,000,000 stroke when I see a $1,000,000 stroke. Okay? When I saw Jordan Hawkins, it was tough last year with Yukon. Right? But when I saw him in the preseason with New Orleans and even in bad shooting games, Dakota, I was like, that guy could shoot. That guy's a born shooter right there. That guy's got a $1,000,000 stroke. And watching Gigi play here in 2 games, the Nick game and the the dub game, he's got a $1,000,000 stroke. The ball just feathers off his hand and pours into the rim, man. He's got great size, doc. 6 foot 9, £215. That's perfect power forward size in today's game. I think he's a must pick up here, doc. Talk to the people. I mean, he was picked up so fast on MLK Day that I didn't even get a chance at him in in my leagues. My buddy Mark from Explosions in the Sky picked him up after, I I think, it it, like, halftime of that game on Monday because Gigi was balling out. He looked good. And then his interview with the TNT guys after the next game was super fun. And as as Yuri and I said in Tuesday's podcast, he was just cute, like, just a good dude. You know? Just a a young 19 year old kid that can't really believe what's happening to him right now. And I I wish he wasn't a two way player. I wish he was a full time Griz. But, look, Steven Adams, gone. Desmond Bane, gone. Ja Morant, gone. Marcus Smart, gone. Guess what that means? Gigi Allen, Vince Williams, my guy, those 2 guys should be rostered everywhere possible, in every league imaginable right now. So I agree with that. Here here's the thing. And and, doc, you know this. Teams, a lot of times, they they have a guy in a two way contract, and they're like, yeah. Okay. Boom. And they they may they take them up to a standard contract. And to do that, you gotta cut somebody, and you gotta make roster moves and all this kind of stuff. But, I believe Gigi Jackson is going to get to the point where they're like, yeah. This Memphis hustle thing. No. No. No. Let let's groom this guy and develop this guy. I'll tell you what. If they do send him down, for a minor league stint with, the the hustle down there in Memphis, I will be screaming about it here on the World of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Just make his contract standard. Happens all the time. You see, so and so contract upgraded to a standard contract off the two way. Happens all the time. Alright? Well, it's a perfect storm too because Memphis is not gonna make the playoffs. Like, it's it's over. Bane's gone for 6 weeks. Ja's gone. It's over. Bring him in. J j j is gonna get shut down now too, don't you think? I I'm very worried about triple j. And and Yuri said Tuesday, she traded him for Brook Lopez, and she was fired up about it. And I was like, triple j for Brook lopez just doesn't sound right. It doesn't feel right, but it it is kinda right. And she got and she got Brooke. Right? Lopez. Well, he's gonna be playing it out. And Triple j, I mean, he's one oh, my back. It hurts. Okay. Go sit down for a month. Exactly. That doc hit it on the head, man. That's the that's why that's why GG's the thing. Exactly what doc said. Like, if they had, Miranda, if they we wouldn't be talking about this right now. Guys, the grizzlies are a barren wasteland of, like, top end talent, but a fertile ground for fantasy goodies. Doc, I'll tell you right now. I wanna see more minutes for Jacob Gilliard, their point guard, man. He's got the most steals in the history of college basketball. This guy's a little Muggsy Bogues out there, man. He's a great dime guy, not a great shooter, and, you know, he's like a 8, 9, 10 point per game guy if he got the minutes. But, I'm really curious to see because I thought he was gonna start that game the other day, and they started Kennard and they kinda went Zaire Williams and they kinda went positionless. I was like, this a buzzkill. I had him in my lineup in the Cam Dynasty, and I just picked Gilliard back up because it's a light night tonight. So Gilliard will be in my lineup tonight for the Cam Dynasty, and I'm hoping he goes back into the starting lineup. I mean, 28 minutes a game. This guy's gonna flirt with a double double and give you, like, 1, 3, and, like, 2 or 3 steals if he gets 28 minutes. Keep your eye on Gillyard. He's not, like, pounce on him right now. But just to give you an idea, you know, these are the guys you need to be looking at because of the available playing time there. And I gotta give you a dap on Vince Williams, doc. I do. Last 2 games, he's gone 247 and 4, 3 stocks, 3 threes. 1788, 3 stocks, 1 3. And and watching him more, doc, over the last week, he's got some skills, man. He's got some dog to his game. He's got some versatility to his game. He dimes. He rebounds. He comes up with defensive plays. That was a good find by you, dude. Well and the difference between Memphis and Toronto is they both have these skeleton crews out there, but in Memphis, Gillyard, Sante Aldama, Xavier Coleman Mhmm. Vince Williams, Gigi Jackson. I I keep wanting to call him Gigi Allen, the guy that did all the crazy stuff on a on a punk rock stage, like, gross stuff. But Gigi Jackson. Anyway, who the hell is Gigi Allen? I'm a rock guy. I've never heard of Gigi Allen. What what are we doing here? Look it up, dude. You'll you'll be like, woah. This dude's crazy. Gigi Allen was nuts. Anyway, in Memphis, there is a lot of lot of gems you can mine. Like, picking up Gilead right now, I don't think it's a bad idea. And I I I like the fact you picked him up because he plays tonight, but if he balls out tonight, you're probably not gonna cut it. Bingo. Because there's no one left to play in Memphis except triple j, and he's one oh, I hurt my finger away from from being out for a while. So, I I like I I'm thinking about picking all those grizzlies up, man. Yeah. It feels weird. Right? You don't really know that much about them, but it's all about playing time, man. Any new fantasy heads know that. It is the fantasy basketball podcast with Rick Kamla and hall of famer Steve Alexander, brought to you by underdog and FanDuel. Let's shout out to Johnte Murray right here, doc. Hit a buzzer beater last night against the Magic, my Orlando Magic. Paula Bankaro hit a ballsy 3 ball to tie the game. I'm like, yeah. And, and then to Johnte Murray had other ideas. Against Markelle Fultz, good defense, little pullback, left elbow extended jumper, WAP, place goes crazy. Magic bummed out. And he, just gifted the hawks on his way out of Atlanta with that buzzer beating win. Last night, 26, 5, and 5. 2 steals, 1, 3, 11 to 18, vintage DeJontae Murray line. Several teams have been mentioned for Murray in trade rumors, doc, the Knicks, the Warriors, the Lakers, the Spurs. And so talk to me about Atlanta, alright, and Hawks fans. Are they bummed that the literally, the the wind horse and the wojis, they're like, he is gone. He absolutely will be traded at the deadline. Okay? So the sweepstakes are kinda odd. They're way odd. So how's Atlanta feeling about Dejounte Murray being moved after about 18 months ago, you guys gave up 4 first round picks to get him in Atlanta? Remember when the Braves got the Upton brothers, and everybody was like, Upton here, Upton? And everybody was fired up, and then we're like, BJ's not very good. This this this isn't really working out. And and Justin would give you a hot month and then go ice cold for the next 6 weeks and have, like, 2 homers. So we're kinda in the same boat with Dejounte and Trae, except Dejounte is a really good player. And I wouldn't be surprised if there's 10 other teams that you didn't mention who are calling the hawks about Desjante. In in fact, every team in the league is probably calling the hawks about Desjante. And I just looked at it as it was a failed experiment. You know, Trey got hounded so hard in the playoffs 2 years ago, and then we're like, we need somebody else Trae can give the ball to when he's got double or triple team. DeJante seemed like a good fit, seemed like it might work. Like, let's see what happens putting 2 point yards together. Some nights it worked, some nights it didn't. I think it really, took away from what Trey does. Trey needs the ball in his hands. So I think getting Dejounte out of Atlanta is gonna be good for Trey. It's gonna be good for Jalen Johnson, man. I I cannot wait for second half Jalen Johnson and the Hawks this year. I don't know that anybody's bummed about it, and the thing is, DeJontay is a good enough name and a good enough player that they should be able to get 1 or 2 studs back for him. So that trade is very exciting. It should be very exciting for Atlanta. I think it really opens up the door for Atlanta to get good. I think that's an incredibly optimistic way of looking at this in terms of the reality and Atlanta hitting a heater and being good at you know, I doc, I am I'm out. I'm out. And you know that I have caca. You know that I have taken my fam to State Farm and watched the hawks and kinda low key sorta kinda cheered for the hawks. Trae Young has turned me off on the hawks, doc. Trae Young has turned me off. He's not mentally tough. We have problems with coaches. I mean, how long until there's a a butting of a heads with, Quin Snyder? At the end of games, you know this doc. It's the Trae Young show, no matter what, takes all kinds of bad shots, doesn't share the rock, doesn't utilize Bogey or, Dejounte or Jalen. It's just him coming downhill, you know, 10 eyes on him, and you're gonna live and die with, like, a 37% shot. From the logo. Okay. I mean, that's that's cool. He makes it every once in a while. He's not even, like, knocked down. Anyway, so I I just I got a Trae Young issue, man. I don't think you can win big with him. I I don't, doc. And so, you know, they trade to Johnson. They bring this guy in. They get picks. They do this. I just as long as Trae Young is your top guy and as long as that top guy insists. Trae Young's more about his stats than he is about winning to me, doc, because if you were more about winning, you would sacrifice your stats to win. That's what sacrifice looks like. Look at Boston, guys. They're all down. Every one of them. KP is down. Tatum is down. Brown is down. White, kinda not. But Drew Holiday's stats are falling off the table. Al Horford's stats are falling off the table. Is anybody complaining? No. They have the best record in the NBA. That's what sacrifice looks like. That's what winning looks like. So I just a random take right there, doc, but I I don't have hope or optimism for this Hawks team even if they, like, win a DeJante trade. Well, it's funny that you called me out not called me out, but give me props for my positive outlook on this. Because around my town that I live in, I'm known as a Trey hater because I'm still mad at the Hawks for for drafting Luka and trading him for Trey. Like, I'm still I'll never get over that as long as I live. And I'm still not over it, and I'm still mad about it. But, you know, at least with Trey and Jaylen Jackson and and Okonwu as a foundation. You trade Dejounte. You get a couples couple kinda stud guys back. At least, you know, people who are Atlanta Hawks fans will have something to cheer for. Alright, doc. I, hope that works out for you guys. But but, did John oh, by the way, doc, I wanna see him go to San Antonio. Right? The the year, before he was traded to Atlanta, he was an all star. I think I I don't have like, 22, 89, 2 steals per game, like, tilted the machine statistically, had a bunch of triple doubles. And I I would like to see obviously, Trae Jones is not a starting point guard in this league. Right? He's a backup a good backup point guard. He's not a starting point guard. Bring back DeJontay. Please, for the love of god, find some minutes and find a role for Keldon Johnson. Maybe they're gonna send Keldon Johnson to Atlanta in a deal for DeJontay Murray. And I know Atlanta already has a lot of Keldon Johnson's, but Keldon Johnson is dying on the vine off the Spurs bench right now. I wanna see, De'Jontay go to San Antonio, doc. How are you feeling about that? Would you rather see him in LA? Would you rather see him with the Knicks? Is he welcomed back in San Antonio? I don't I don't know how that I don't know what what terms he left on. He's kind of a cocky guy. You know? D'Jonte's D'Jonte feels D'Jonte. So I don't know if he's welcome back there, but, I mean, to to watch D'Jonte and Wimby play together would be super fun. By the way, last time Wimby sat out, which is happening tomorrow night on Friday, he's not gonna play because he's still not playing in back to backs because Gregg Popovich hates me. But the last time Wimby didn't play, Kelvin had 26, and I think Trey Jones had 30. Trey Jones has had 11 assists and 9 assists, I think, his last couple games. No. He had 9 rebounds and 1, he had 11 assists, and they were like, Trey Jones is still treading water and hanging around in fantasy circles out there. But I kinda wanna see De'Jontay go to the Lakers and play with LeBron and AD. I think that would be an excellent place for him to be. It would, take some of the pressure. LeBron have her bring the ball up. It would solve the D'Angelo problem. I'm sure D'Angelo would get moved in that deal. I kinda wanna see LeBron and AD play with DeJontay. I like it. I mean, that would be, that would really be I like, if De'Jontay went to the Knicks, I'd be like, alright. You already got a lot of guys like that. If De'Jontay went to the Lakers, I'd be like, woah. That is a paradigm shifting move in the west. And, you know, obviously, if he goes to San Antonio, it's more like selfish for us, the fantasy freaks, because he's not going to help San Antonio win right away, and he's just gonna be getting really good stats, on this downtrodden team. Alright. It's Rick Kamla. It's hall of famer Steve Alexander. We are the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by underdog and FanDuel. And, doc, let's talk Malcolm Brogdon here. The people need to go out and pick him up immediately. Okay? I see you put in a note here, 64% rostered on Yahoo. Shame on you. Like, he's not a guy you drop, especially on this team with the ins and the outs and the prospect of maybe being traded to a team where he's gonna get 24 to 30 minutes a game. I I I've hold I've held him, doc, in my leagues, and I would have recommended people to hold him. Okay? Anyway, so Shaden Sharp now is out at least 2 weeks with a lower abdominal strain, which has me thinking, if we ever see him again this year, okay, Brogdon started over Scoot Henderson last night, which I don't understand. I I think Scoot needs to start every game at point guard right now for Portland. Okay. Whatever. He started Brogdon. He went 16, 5, and 6. 1 steal, 2 threes, 6 of 12 from the field in 30 minutes. Very typical Malcolm Brogdon line. You know, I mean, just efficient. We're getting some threes. We get one steal. He ain't gonna give you 2 steals. He's not. We'll give you one. K? And he's gonna be good with the, with the PRA as well. And more good news for Malcolm Brogdon, sucks for Matisse Thybulb, but he left with an ankle last night, did not return, and he played 20 minutes last night. So that probably, ensures minutes for Malcolm Brogdon even more. I think the people need to go out and get him right now, doc. Well, 61%, well, 64% rostered. That means if you're in a competitive league, he's probably gone. If you're in a 10 team league, he might be sitting out there. If you're in a league where people aren't really paying attention, he might be out there. But, yeah, Brogdon should be rostered everywhere, until he gets hurt again. You know, he's kinda famous for being injured, and it's he he's been healthy here for a minute. So little nervous about that, but, in Portland poor Portland, man. They're they're the star power's gone. They play late at night. They're not on TV. You don't really even know what's happening. Deandre Ayton plays for them. Does he, though? Will we ever see Deandre Ayton again? Okay. Woah. Woah. Woah. Did you hear did you hear about did you hear about the reason for his DNP last night, doc? I heard that he was cleared to play. I put him in my lineup, took him off the IL, and then I heard that he was catching a lot of heat for the decision. I assume he just said he didn't he wasn't ready. No. Deandre Ayton. Okay? There was a snowstorm and icy and all this kind of stuff. Apparently, the roads around his home or his driveway was too iced over for him to make the game. Okay? So, doc, this is up there with some of the weirdest DNP's of all time, and I've been playing fantasy so long and so is doc. I remember a Derek Coleman DNP back in the 19 nineties, okay, with general soreness. And they do that now, which is lame. But, like, back in the day, they didn't do that, but they put general soreness. And I I just howled about that, like and Derek Coleman was oft injured and not in great shape but a hell of a player. There was another one, doc. Marcus Camby 1 night in his hotel, slept wrong on his back, wrenched his back, and and we know Marcus Camby was the DNP waiting to happen throughout his career. Right? He was fool's gold all the way. When he played, you're like, oh my god. Twelve points, 18 rebounds, 4 blocks, 3 steals. Oh my god. Marcus Gambi. And then he'd missed the next 2 months. Right? And and this DNP doc is up there with the greatest and weirdest DNP's of all time. This is the Deandre Ayton, the dog ate my homework excuse. What about the time Pasquale Perez drove around 285 for 3 hours? Couldn't find the exit to the stadium and missed the start for the Braves. That was that was a pretty good one. But, yeah, dude, I mean, I live in the woods. You've been down my driveway. If if my driveway ice is over, I I'm not getting a car out of out of this driveway. It's just not hap I'm I'm not getting the trash can up to the street, right, without ice skates or golf cleats or something that will dig in to some ice. But you know what I could do? I could hike my ass up the hill. I could get to the street. I could go to my neighbor's house who's got a 4 wheel drive truck and go, look, bro. I'm in the hall of fame. I gotta be in Atlanta in in 2 hours. Can you get me there? And and I would find a way to get there. That that's me. Or I would I would be said, you hike. He's an athlete. Right? Okay. It's a little bit more cardio for you. You hike maybe a mile, maybe to a gas station or whatever. Maybe you have a convenience store, but the corner of your little neighborhood, bloop, Uber, they will come and get you, and they will take you to the game. How about this doc? He is a max player, NBA player. How about you just call the team and go, yo, send somebody out to a meeting point, and hike to that spot and play the game. Deandre, I am so out on Deandre Ayton, doc, and I regret ever being in on Deandre Ayton. Or, oh my god. A a snowstorm's coming, and I have the worst driveway in the history of driveways. I'm gonna go stay at the Holiday Inn Express tonight Thank you. So that I make sure I don't miss this freaking basketball game that everyone in this city has been waiting for me to show up to for the last 4 weeks. Like, no. It's just it's it's crazy, dude. It's crazy. Speaking of that, my my boss at, 9029 the game in Atlanta when I did local radio in Atlanta, Terry Fox, the great Terry Fox. Doc, he would he did what you just said right there. And by the way, this created quite the party in downtown Atlanta. Okay? So he would bring all of the shows into a hotel that in Atlanta. Right? So you know the weather's coming. You know it's gonna shut down the city, and, it doesn't last long, but you gotta prepare for it. Right? So the these, like, blizzard and stormy Atlanta situations, he would put me up at the w and, and all of us at the w. Get where were we, doc? We were all at the bar at the w cranking, and we were not prepping on our show the next day. Okay? So you he doc is right. There's and I'm I I can't wait to see what Antonio Daniel says about this today on give and go because we're we're gonna talk about this. Like, you gotta try to find a way to make this basketball. And I know they suck and all this kind of stuff. This is your job, man. This it this is just a complete, lack of responsibility, in my opinion. Come on. Everybody sees the weather coming a mile away. Alright. Doc, let's get into, Jaden Ivy here and kinda pay off the conversations we've had a little bit. This is what we've been talking about, people. Okay? Last night against Ant Man and the Wolves, 32, 4, and 6. Over the last 5 games, 23, 5, and 6, 1 and 1 in the blocks and steals just like Wade. K? You're saying, Wade? Yeah. Wade. Okay? Donovan Mitchell and Dwyane Wade were the cops for me and others, for Jaden Ivy when he came out of college in Purdue when he was a player of the year candidate. Doc, here it is. This is what it is. And will he have 6 times a game when Kate Cunningham returns? I don't know about that, but I do know this. He is at least 17 5 and 5 with appropriate minutes, at least. Yeah. And it I'm it's sad that it took Cade Cunningham going down for Jaden Ivey to finally be free, but at least Jaden Ivey is back. And he he's off he he looks great. Like you said, he's an elite scorer. He's an elite athlete. He's an elite basketball player. He needs to be in their plane. So, yeah, I I could not be happier about it. And if you have Jaden Ivey or if somebody dropped him and you picked him up, you got a free gift off the waiver wire. And before I get into my next point, Rick, Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to Rotowire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfancy.com or download the underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Rick, speaking of Jaden Ivy, speaking of the Pistons, I had a 5 leg underdog parlay last night. Alright? I had Jalen Duran going off. He hit. I had Aussa Thompson who suddenly is kinda relevant again. I had him scoring, like, 8 points. He did it. I had, Anthony Edwards balling out. He hit. I had Jaden Ivy balling out. He hit. All I need is a 4th quarter bucket from or a second half of the 4th quarter bucket from Alec Burks. Burks got hot, banged a couple shots. I'm sitting here watching this. I'm like, I need 2 points. Two points. And, he hits a 3. Right? I'm like, there it is. And they're like, blow the whistle, wave it off. Somebody got fouled. Boham by Donovan got hit in the face as Ivy was shooting it. They wave off the 3, give the Pistons the ball. Next possession, Alan Burks, fouled, shooting. Review it. Overruled. Take his free throws away, and then he gets pulled out of the game and I lose by by a point. Just a buzz it's the just an underdog buzzkill, but it was still fun. It kept me in the game. I lost a dollar. Who cares? Yeah. Well, a dollar. That that's a that's a sad bad beat story right there, though. I mean, you just needed 2 points from Alec Burks. I started him last night, in the cam dynasty, and I looked at the line, like, in the first half. I wasn't watching Minnesota Detroit. I had other games on, it's Minnesota Detroit. And, and and I like, I'm don't and I'm checking the scoreboard in the second half, and it's just stuck on 12 points, like, the whole game. It was, frustrating, but clearly not as frustrating what you just dealt with right there. Another payoff here. Ogi Onanobe is who we thought he was. They are who we thought they were, Dennis Greenstyle. Right? Ogi Onanobe is officially back. The Knicks are 7 and 2 in the 9 games with Ogi Onanobe, by the way. He's going 15, 5, and 1. Standard is what you expect. 50, 4189. He's almost a 50, 40, 90 guy. And for me, it's all about, the pardon me, doc. The return of the defense. Right? That's why we like O'Gian and Obi. In Toronto, half of a block per game. In New York, one block per game. In Toronto, 1 steal per game. In New York, 1.3 steals per game. And I think that number's gonna go up a little bit here, doc. So, just to pay that off. And then one more thing, here before we go to the, to to the people and start answering their questions. I I wanna make the point here about Jordan Hawkins of the New Orleans Pelicans. I think he should be picked up immediately. Hawkins won their game at Saturday pardon me, on Saturday at Dallas, won the game. This was the second of a brutal back to back. They rested Zion and CJ and BI, and Hawkins is like, cool. Back in the rotation. 30 4 points, career high 6 threes. Okay? And I talked to a little birdie who told me that because of that game, now the Pelicans don't have a chant don't have a choice, and Willie Green doesn't have a choice in not playing Jordan Hawkins. Because he was balling when guys were hurt and then got you know, Trey Murphy and Jose Alvarado, they came back, and, Jordan Hawkins went to the bench. And so I've been told that that's not gonna be the case anymore. That that literally his shooting is so good that they can't keep him off the floor. So over the last 3 games, and you're not gonna find that like, that's that's proprietary intel right there. Okay? So use it and, and and go here and and pick up Jordan Hawkins. Last three games, his minutes have gone 37, 21, 24, and all he needs is half the game, guys. He has 13 threes over those 3 games, 4 steals over those 3 games, and his points have gone 34921. He's an elite shooter. We talked about guys with the $1,000,000 stroke. This guy clearly has that, and so I think he is a must add off the waiver wire, doc. Where you at with Jordan Hawkins aka Hawk? Well, I'll tell you what. He played 2 minutes against Denver 4 games ago, and then he played 37 minutes that day that New Orleans rested everybody. Ingram, McCollum, Zion, all out. He balled out in those 37 minutes. Then he played 20 21 minutes against Dallas, had 9 points. Then he played 24 minutes last night against Charlotte, played well. That was also kind of a blowout. So when when he had that big game with all the big big three out, I wrote about it, and I was like, there's no need to go pick Hawkins up. But I will tell you this. Haven't here sat and talked to you right now, talking about your little birdie. I mean, obviously, you know something. Somebody in connected to the league or connected to the Pelicans has told you something. You're an OG. You're a fantasy legend. If you're saying that he's gonna replace these guys in the rotation, I believe it, and I'm with you. He's 4% rostered in Yahoo, which means he's probably 2% at ESPN. Like, he's available everywhere. I think you guys should probably run out and pick up Jordan Hawkins right now because I have a feeling this is the start of a hot streak, especially given that he that 2 minute game is now 3 games in the rearview mirror, and he's had 3 in a row where he's been, seeing mean meaningful minutes. And, Rick, before we go to the people, can we talk about Acer real quick, Acer Thompson? You're on mute. So Acer, his last 3 games, 4 points, 8 boards, 14 points, 8 boards, 7 points, 9 boards, 22 minutes and 27 minutes in his last two games. He somehow still rostered in 44% of Yahoo Leagues. You know, Yuri and I were talking on Tuesday. She's like, no. I can't. I'm trying to win my Fantasy League. I can't have a Sarah Thompson anchoring the thing down. I can't afford to roster him as a luxury stash, because Detroit's never gonna turn him loose. The 22 and 27 minutes are a little bit encouraging, but we gotta remember, Cade's not back yet. Like, would you pick up on Sarah Thompson on a flyer right now, or are you focused more I mean, you'd rather roll with Jacob Gilead, I assume. Nah. I don't know about that. I I would rather rock, a Malcolm Brogdon or a Jordan Hawkins. I I would rather go that route. Doc, you know, I am obsessed with threes and and defense. I'm obsessed. And, Asar Thompson brings the d. He brings no threes. That's a problem. I I I usually I almost always don't do business with wings who don't bang threes. So Ben Simmons, Jimmy Butler, guys like that, they're just not on my list. They they don't hit threes. They're they're dead to me. And so that's just that's just a rule that I have, because I'm gonna have bigs that don't hit threes for me. Okay. That's fine. But I can't have wings that don't hit threes for me. I feel like I'm in arrears at that point. Alright. I'm cool with that. I I just think this is a doctor a walk, do not run to the waiver wire, and just keep an eye on a Sarah Thompson in case this becomes a trend. That's all I'm saying. You were talking about, who who did you cite a minute ago, that was talking about Asar? Yuri. I like Yuri's analysis on that a lot because I agree with Yuri. I I really question whether they're gonna turn him loose, this year, and I love Aussar Thompson. I think he should be playing 30 minutes a game, but Monty Williams has other ideas. So, doc, you wanna, you you wanna, go here and pull up some comments? Let's get into this, man. There's James Chan. Gotta offer Jimmy Butler for my jjj, Jared Jackson junior. Well, this is a pick your poison right here. I Jimmy Butler with the missed games drives me crazy, doc, but jjj is probably gonna get shut down. If this was a dynasty, it's a hell no because Jimmy's, like, mid thirties. But I I would do this in a redraft, doc, because, look, Miami's going to be, in a very competitive spot down the stretch. Right? They're gonna try to be get to that 4th spot, so they have home court advantage in the 1st round, and, you know, there's only, like, a 2 game separation from 4 to 7, so trying to stay out of the play in tournament. So Miami's gonna be going for it and playing down the stretch as long as he's healthy. I would do that. I would bang that. I would trade Jerry Jackson junior for whatever I can get right now, but I probably would not be targeting Jimmy Butler. I mean, having Wimby and watching him miss one game every single week is killing me. Having Jimmy Butler, he missed, what, 11 or 12 in a row, and finally came back and played through a toe injury. That toe is probably still jacked up. He's gonna he's gonna miss a game a week. I mean, I'm all for moving jjj right now. I think it's a good idea, but I I wanna do it for someone else. Let's find another one here. Rozier and Cam Johnson for Siako. Yeah. Let's put that up there. Manila Manila's Most Wanted wants to know, would you trade Terry Rozier and Cam Johnson to get Siakam? This one's tough. This one's tough. It does I like that it brings us back to Siakam in a point that I forgot that I wanna make. I think Siakam, he's at 22 right now. I think that may go up to 24. But Siakam, what really makes him special to me is the assist. Right? The the PRA combination. And I see the assist coming down for him with Indiana. They're they're very, like, diverse with who handles the ball up in Toronto and run a lot of offense through Paschal or they did. And we know that it's the Halley show in Indiana. So Paschal's probably gonna drop down to a 3 assist per game guy. I don't you know, last year, he was historic. I think it was 6 and a half assists a game or whatever it was. That's gonna dry up, guys. That is not gonna be the case here in Indiana. So I don't know. Rozier is a shutdown candidate, and Charlotte is also a trade candidate. But if he's traded, his numbers are coming down because, like, it's he's on Charlotte. Well, of course, he's gonna take a 1000000 shots. If he goes traded, you know, to a good team, he's gonna be a role player and not one of the main players. So there's a lot of downside there with Rozier. You know, Cam Johnson's gonna be Cam I'm not a big Cam Johnson guy, doc. He hits threes, doesn't bring defense to the table. He's got a lot of mouths to feed to compete with in Brooklyn. I kinda don't like either side of this trade. I don't know what to tell you, man. I guess I would turn Rozier and Cam into Siakam. I guess I would do that, doc, but, where are you at with that? I would do it. Like you said, Rozier is too much of a shutdown candidate in Charlotte. Cam's just Cam. Siakam Siakam is gonna show up in Indy with the best attitude and the biggest smile on his face. He's gonna get paid. He's gonna play with Tai. He's gonna like Rick Carlisle. I just I think Siakam I think the Siakam arrow is pointing up rather than down, and, yeah, he's not gonna have the ball in his hands as much as he did, but I think that's that's okay. Neil q wants to know this is this is gonna hurt your head, Rick. Would you trade LaMelo Ball and Alperin Shingon for Jokic? He says, punching free throws points in threes. You can't do that. Neil q, you can't oh god. I'm in the twilight zone. Neil q, we play fantasy basketball to win, to win money, to win bragging rights, just to feel good about yourself that you got to win in your league. Okay? We can't I I could understand punting. Like, okay. I got, I I got a bunch of smalls. Right? I'm gonna punt, field goal percentage because, you know, I just got too many smalls. They're gonna drag okay. I'm punting it. Like, I understand punting one category. I can tell you right now. 2 categories that you cannot punt are points and threes. Okay? Doc, we gotta go old school 5 cap. K? The this is what when when I came up with fantasy basketball back in the day, it was not 8 cap. It was not 9 cap. It was 5 cap. Okay? Points, rebounds, assists, blocks, steals. Very simple, very basic That's all that was in the newspaper. Because that's all that was in the newspaper. We didn't know how many threes guys were hitting. Okay? And so alright. That's 5 cat. Okay? So you could punch points in 5 cat, and I do still like the 5 cat because it's old school. It's almost like fantasy football without PPR. I love PPR, but, okay, like, in one league, let's go old school and just yards and touchdowns, right, just for kicks. But, but so you could go you could punt points. I won a championship in League Freak doing this a while ago. Funny story, doc. So, I I punted points and picked up guys like Rondo, Dwight, not I had Dwight Howard. Picked up a guy like Kendrick Perkins, won the league. So you when you punt points, you're going for blocks, rebounds, pardon me, blocks, steals, rebounds, and assists. A guy like Jason Kidd, guys like Dikembe Mutombo, they were big for that. Right? If you got Jason Kidd, you were in it. Right? Putt points and you're good with those other 4 categories. It was a proven strategy. Doc, there was do you remember when Joey Crawford threw Tim Duncan out of the game for laughing? Do you remember that? Yes. We all do. Right? I won a fantasy championship because of that. Duncan was on the other team. He had, like, 2 blocks in the first half. It all came down to blocks. And I picked up Kendrick Perkins, for a game against Orlando and Dwight Howard. Perk gave me 3 blocks, doc. Gave me 3 blocks and won me that championship off the waiver wire, punting points and winning the chip that way. But if Tim Duncan had played that whole game, he would have had more blocks and I would have lost. Joey, I literally if I see Joey Crawford, I'm gonna thank him for that fantasy championship. Doc, I know I took us on a little, story right there. I hope the people appreciated it. But you can't punt these 3 categories. Well, Neil Hugh Neil Hugh says he did it last year, and it worked out. He won. But I I mean, trying to do that twice in a row would be very, very difficult to do. So I I'm I'm kinda with you. Punting punting 1 category, I get it. Punting 2, okay. Once you get 3 categories and one of them is points, like, that's that's difficult to overcome. So the fact you did it last year, Neil, good job, but, I don't know. As far as his trade goes, I would trade LaMelo and Xyngun for Jokic. Jokic is gonna play every night. LaMelo if if Terry Rogier is a shutdown candidate, so is LaMelo. I love Alpi Xyngun, though. So, but, you know, to get Jokic on your team, you gotta give up a lot. I'd do it. I struggle with this, man. I mean, LaMelo and Shingo are putting up nutty stat lines, just juicy, nutty, delicious stat lines, and I'm giving up both of those guys. I feel like it's given up too much, doc. I I I I do. I yo I mean, Jokic is phenomenal, but he's not as good as he was last year. The efficiency is down, the assists are down. The defense is down a little bit. I don't know, man. I think also depends on your team build. It depends on who else you already have. Yeah. I mean, if you've got just a a beyond loaded team where you actually need to make a move like this to consolidate, because you're always, like, not starting studs, okay, maybe you do the consolidation trade. But, you know, if if you're not in a league like that, I would I would sit tight. I understand what you're saying about, LaMelo as a shutdown candidate, but I I kinda disagree with that, doc, because of a couple of things. Steve Clifford is their head coach. Steve Clifford is an old school go forward head coach. And, also, he's missed so many damn games. Like, why shut him down? You know what I'm saying? He's already missed a zillion games. Play him. If for nothing else, your home fans don't they matter, doc? Don't the fans matter? Don't your fans in your arena matter? We're just gonna show we're gonna rob our fan base of LaMelo Ball of the last month of the season. What? Come on, man. His ankles are made of Pringles, dude. So, I mean, if he's out there running around Pringles are amazing, dude. Anything could happen if he's out there running around. Okay. I'm gonna put up a very easy question in my opinion, and then one that's not as easy. You ready? And this is from your favorite guy, blank Scott Foster. Do you want Jimmy Butler or Derrick White on your roster for the rest of the season? For me, that is a 100% Derrick White answer. 100%. Oh my god. The this one I let me, I I know Derrick White's number's probably off the top of my head, but let me just take a quick look here. Let me give you the, the most educated response I possibly can here. Whether you like 15, 5, and 5, 1 and 1. Okay. We're at 16, 4 and 5, 1 point 1.1, 1.1, 2.6 threes. 47, 4190. God bless. That's a stat line, man. I can't believe I'm about to tell somebody. I would rather have Derrick White for the second half of a season than Jimmy Butler. Derrick's gonna play every day. But I'd rather have Derrick White than Jimmy Butler. Doc, just the just and Jimmy Butler's a great steal guy. Right? But he's not 1.1 blocks per game. And Jim what is Jimmy Butler? Point 8 threes? I don't even know what it is. I've given up on Jimmy with the 3 ball. But 2.6 threes per game is is nearing elite status for Derrick White. So ironically, doc, and and I can't believe I'm saying this, but I I would do that, Jimmy Butler right now is at point 4 oh my god. Alright. This is a no brainer. He said point 4 blocks. Told you that. Point 1 steals. I'm sorry. I'm rolling here. I didn't hear it. Oh, and I nailed it. I literally nailed it. Point 8 threes from Jimmy Butler. That was a random out of my butt guess, and I got 0.8 threes. Attaboy. Yeah. I I was just saying I'd rather have Derrick White every day of the week. I I just don't trust Jimmy Butler. I don't I hate when guys miss games, and he's gonna miss. I mean, he's already missed a ton he's already missed as many games for the season as we thought he would for the entire season, and we're only we're only halfway there. So he's gonna play. He's gonna miss 1 game a week. Derrick White's gonna play every day. Like, to me, that that's just that's a no brainer. Lester says, who am I picking up off the waiver wire? I desperately need a big man. And I'm interested to see what your take is on this because I know Xavier Tillman is hit or miss with Santi Adama out there. Wimbledon junior played very well last night against the Hawks. Mason Plumlee started over, what's his face the other day? Yeah. Yeah. She started over Zubat well, Zubat is hurt, but the other, oh, Alex Lynn, I think. Daniel Theiss, I think, is the guy. Daniel Theiss, that's who it was. So Mason Plumlee's back in play, and then there's Bagley who got moved. I don't even where did Bagley get moved to? Washington. Siberia. You got sent to Siberia. I have blocked Marvin Bagley out of my brain. I don't even know where he is or where he is. Who he played for? Who he played for? Wildwire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Who are you picking up out of this group? Or somebody else? I'm picking up Mason Plumlee. You're picking up Gigi Jackson? Yeah. I mean, if he's out there, I'd go get Gigi, but he's talking about a big. Right? And and Gigi's eligible. He is not center eligible, which I think is appropriate. By the way, FanTrax, thank you, for adding PG, to Austin Reeds. Thank you. I I really, really appreciate that. He's now PG, SG, and SF. That was very, very helpful for me, filling up my lineup last night. Thank you. Alright. So back to our story here. Mason Plumlee. Guys, Mason Plumlee is a solid fantasy player. Okay? The other night, he had, like, 13 points, 5 rebounds, like, 3 assists, 3 blocks, very, very good, field goal shooting. Might have made all of his field goals, I think. He's not a good free throw shooter. He doesn't give you threes. It but, doc, he is and he played 28 minutes the other night. He is going to flirt with double doubles with like like, here's a here's a plumbly line. 9, 9, and 3. 2 blocks, 1 steal, 4 of 6 from the field. Okay? And and I know I'm gonna get that. Guys, Zubatz in this breaks my heart. I just traded for Zubatz in the CAM dynasty, and I picked up Mason Plumlee, who will now be in his place, but not as good. But I like Mason Plumlee, doc. I do. And, Lou trusts him. Already I saw in that game the other night, Harden, and Plumlee vibing in the pick and roll with the rolls and the lobs to the rim, and put back jams by Mason Plumlee. He's healthy, and I think he's the guy out of that group. Every time I think about Mason Plumlee, I whenever I hear his name, I just this a 5 assist just kinda pops up. Because I feel like a couple years ago, every game he played, he had 5 assists. Like, he's a good passer. Really good passer. And he's a good rebounder, and he he holds it down in the middle. I kinda I I like that too. I'm I'm, I'm going to agree with you. We're going back to, bleep Scott Foster. Good question. McHale Bridges or Jalen Williams, who'd you rather? That's tough, man. Probably, probably Mikhail. And I I need to, to check the 3 ball line, for Jalen Williams because I know he's such a slasher. I love Jalen Williams. I do. Who would I rather have? Ugh. I I present and future, that may still be, McHale Bridges. Yeah. We're at 1.4 threes for Jalen Williams. That that's a pretty easy McHale Bridges for me, doc. How about you? I think McHale Bridges is probably the right answer, but I'm a Jalen Williams guy. So I'm gonna say Jalen, but I think fantasy we're only looking at the numbers, which is what you should be looking at, not not like me. It's, it's Mikhail Bridges, I think, is a better Fantasy player, but right now, anyway, but I like Jalen Williams. I don't have another one pulled up here. Let's see if we got anything else. We're but we're in an hour, Rick. We gotta go. That's it. We're shutting it down. Yeah. Just lastly here, Neil q says LaMelo badly hurts my field goal and turnovers, in my build, though. Is that is that 20 something vernacular for setting a lot? I don't know. Neil q, I'm messing around with you. I I get that. Man, I just Shingon? Shingon is Jokic light. Know what I'm saying? He doesn't do Jokic, but he's Jokic light. I call him Diet Jokic. And LaMelo, I'm not comfortable with that trade even with that last little, note there from, from Neil. Doc, anything else you wanna tell the people about before we bid them a do? Click like. Click subscribe. I'll see you next Tuesday with another special guest. I think it's Raf, my old cohort from NBC. And then Rick and I'll be back here on Thursday. I think we got, you and I are not involved, but there's a NBA podcast every day of the week on this channel. Somebody in here was complaining that we only talked fantasy for about half the show. This is a basketball show, man. I I mean, we're gonna talk about Deandre Ayton not getting out of his driveway for 20 minutes if we feel like we need to. But we'll also hit the Fantasy goodies. We'll do everything else we need to do. I'll I'll keep, blowing the the introductions and all that stuff because it's fun. Rick, anything you got? Yeah. I mean, we we were here for feedback and all that kind of stuff. But if you think that the OGs aren't talking enough fantasy basketball on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast, I would, very respectfully and very friendly disagree with that. Okay? But we appreciate all of you for, watching us and giving the comments, and hopefully we're helping you, win your league. So for Steve Alexander, the hall of famer, aka doctor a, I am Rick Campbell. We'll see you next time on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. Be well, everybody.