Hey, everybody. Welcome to the RotoWire FantasyU Basketball podcast sponsored by underdog, rival Fantasy, and Vivid Seats. It's Thursday, November 9th. I'm doc. Hey. He's Rick. We've got a lot to talk about after a 14 game night that saw several key players go down with injuries. So let's get to it, Rick. It's the OGs at your service. Make comments, guys. Get on in here. Make comments. We'll be answering your questions later on. It's Rick Kamla. It's Steve Alexander. GOATs, OGs, reacting to a 14 game night in the NBA. Whole leak out. So I I go through all the news and watch all the games. I got, you know, this. I I go through the box scores and, and stuff that just catches my eye. Alright? I mean, we're not gonna get to it all, but we're gonna get to as much of it as we can. But last night was one of the biggest nights of the entire year in the NBA. Fourteen games. Let's start, Steve, with Tyler Herro blowing a tire, ankle injury. He's already talking about missing a couple of weeks. Kyle Lowry took off last night, 17 points, 11 rebounds, 9 assists, throwback game for the future hall of famer. And, you know, he's on waivers or was. I haven't checked it this morning in the Cam Dynasty, the dynasty league that we're both in that I run. I messed around with Lowry early. I it's just nickels and dimes. Right? It's 5 points. 5 rebounds, and 6 assists, 1 steal, 13. I I can't work with that. Okay? So now we get the spike game from Lowry in hero's injury game. So is this just a one game anomaly, doctor Ray, or are you believing in Kyle Lowry right now, and are you going to pick him up? I don't know if it's a one game anomaly or not. I'm not picking him up. He's, like, 38 years old, 36, 50 might as well be 56 at this point. Why you ain't shaming, man? Come on. We're the OGs, bro. And then last year, he was he just was never reliable. He was never around. He was. I just can't, man. That 17, 11, and 9 is tempting. But, honestly, there's another old guy I'd rather pick up, and his name's Reggie Jackson. We'll talk about him later. I'd rather pick up Duncan Robinson who played 35 minutes last night. I I'd rather have one of those 2 guys than than Lowry, honestly. Very interesting. I'd have my eye on Duncan Robinson. Out of the rotation last year, played his way back into the rotation in the playoffs. He's been coming off the bench playing about half the game, making 2 plus threes per game. You're not gonna get other goodies. He's a specialist. Right? Like, Tim Hardaway Junior. If you need points in threes, then go get him. And if, you know, you need other stuff, then he's not your guy. I I agree with you, Steve. There there are guys, and and we'll get to Reggie here in in just a second. I would rather have Reggie Jackson than Kyle Lowry. I I just I can't I can't get with it, man. I can't I feel like the next game for Kyle Lowry is gonna be 8 points, 5 rebounds, 7 assists, 1 steal, and 1 3. Right? Like, okay. Like, I see the line, but, again, that's that's not and, you know, the shooting is gonna be low, for Kyle Lowry. He's not an efficiency guy. He's gonna kill you with the field goal percentage. I need to see more. It's where I'm at. So let's move on to Reggie Jackson here. Like, when I saw the sideline, I was like, what? The Jamal Murray is going to miss the rest of the month. Right? I mean, we've got 3 weeks left in this month. Like, that was just weird to me. We're we're not getting a he's gonna miss 2 to 4 weeks. He's gonna miss the rest of this month. And that's a buzzkill that and and I don't know how much of it is bubble wrap, how much of it is actual injuries. Obviously, the guy's dinged up here, with this hamstring injury. It's gonna keep him out. Reggie Jackson, guys, get him now. He has rostered in 12% of Yahoo Leagues. 12%, and this was his 3rd start last night taking over for Jamal Murray. He had 20 points, 6 assists, 3 threes last night. In three starts for Murray, he's gone 16 points, 7 points, and 20 points, and 7 of 16 on threes, which is, I think 44%. So I I think Reggie Jack, he's not like a league winner pickup here, Steve, but, over the next month or so, I think you're gonna get some goodies from Reggie. So sing the people a song about the old head, Reggie Jacks. Yeah. You know, Kreitz and I were talking about this on Tuesday. You're not gonna get a lot of steals. You're not gonna get blocks. I it he's sort of like Kyle Lowry, juiced up Kyle Lowry, I guess. So it's not like he's gonna win your league for you and change change the game. But the fact that you were talking about Jamal Murray out through November, didn't didn't what's his name have a have a song about that, Rick? Like, the dude from, the Fougies? I don't know really much about that. I know you were going with my dad's throws in November rain. That's where I thought you were going. Whitecliff Whitecliff John or Jean or whatever. He he has a song called gone till November. Okay. I guess that's Jamal Murray's new theme song. But and it is weird that Woje worded it as or Malone is like, oh, no. He's out through November. Like, that's the first time I've ever seen a coach use a month to to say that the guy is out. Anyway, we know that Reggie Jackson is the only guy they have to start at point guard, when Jamal Murray's hurt. And Reggie Jackson still has a chip on his shoulder, still loves to play NBA basketball, still seems to have fire and passion. I just like I just like the fact he gets out there and goes after it, and I think I think he's gonna put up solid numbers until December. I agree. You know, you're looking at guys probably 15 points, 5 assists, 1.9 threes per game, maybe a steal per game. Again, it's not league winner stuff, but you can't leave him on waivers right now. He's he's way better than, just chilling out there doing that on waivers, and somebody else in your league will get him. So if you need a PG, go get him. Now there's another PG that has surfaced on waivers, and and let's weigh him against Kyle Lowry and Reggie Jackson. His name is Skyler Mays. And a lot of people, doc watching the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Skyler freaking Mays. Who is that? Well, he's an LSU guy. He played there with, I believe he was on that team with Naz Reed, and they had the little dude, the point guard. Why is his name escaping me? He's the steel guy. Can't make it in the league. I can't think of his name. But, anyway, Skyler Maze, 18 points and 11 assists last night, 2 steals, taking over for Malcolm Brogdon, who was taking over for, Scoot Henderson, who was taking over for Anthony Simons. Guys, the Portland backcourt, this is a crazy glut of injury right now. Simon's out for a long time. He had surgery. Okay? Scoot Henderson out, God knows how long. And Brockton just picked up a hamstring last night. We know how these injuries go. So scholar made to the rescue. They did not win the game because Jeremy Graham was missing shots in overtime. He had a fabulous game, but he missed some really, important shots deep into overtime. Malik Monk went off late and and SAC got the win. But, but Skyler Maze here, 18 and 11, 2 steals. And and it's giddy up, doctor a. Like, there's nobody in his way for playing time. You know, he was overtalked with Chauncey Billups a lot. Chauncey's getting him up to speed. Chauncey knows. Yo. This is my guy right now. Like like it or not, g league or not, this is the guy right now. So give me your priority with Kyle Lowry, Reggie Jackson, and Skyler Maison waivers. Well, that's that's interesting. I think it depends on how deep your league is. Like, 12 team leagues, I think these are maybe borderline guys. Like, you gotta have somebody on your roster that you want to drop to pick one of them up. I need to see Skyler Mays do that again before I'm going all in. I think I think I trust Reggie and his minutes a little more than I do Skyler Mays, plus the blazer stuff, Shaydon Sharp, who is more of a 2 guard, but they were playing him as a one. But all those injuries in Portland, man, like Malcolm Brogdon, a hamstring injury at his age and his injury history, it's 2 or 3 weeks possibly, you know, on Brogdon. And Brogdon was playing well, so that's kinda sad. Maze is the the outlier here because he's young, and those other 2 guys are old. So I am intrigued by Skyler Maze. I'm very intrigued by what he did last night. I think Malik Monk in the same game had a double double. Right? Like, 23, 6, and 10. Yeah. He was fabulous. So you had 2 guys go double double off the bench in the same game, which hadn't been done since, like, Jordan and somebody, like, a long time ago. So that was kinda cool. But, I, yeah, I I guess if I was gonna take a flyer on one of those 3 guys, I'd probably start with Skyler Mays just just because he's young and and Portland's so banged up. Portland has nothing to play for. They have no reason not to play Skyler Mays 35 minutes a night. Mays is the pickup here, guys. I go Mays then Jackson then Lowry, on waivers right now. He's a talented player. I've seen him play. I mean, he doesn't suck. Right? He's not just some ham and egger. Like, he he's got some go. He's got some length to him. He was with the hawks for a minute. And, and, look, I don't know all that much about this guy, but he had 18 and 11 last night, and there's just nobody home. All of these guys are out. 3, one slash twos for Portland are out. So, and I like the upside here. I think there's more upside with, Skyler Mays. I was saying at NBA radio the other day, doc. I'm not a floor guy. I'm a ceiling guy. We were debating versus Anthony Davis. And if you're a floor guy, then you want Bam. He's got a much higher floor than Davis. Davis has a much higher ceiling, and I'm a ceiling guy. I'm a swing for the fences guy. I'm a grab the dice at the craps table and roll them down the table guy, and and not, like, conservative in that way. So I'd rather go for it with Skyler Mace. I think there's gonna be more, more pop there for you guys. Devin Vassell, Steve, as we talk about the developments of last night in a 14 game, NBA slate, It's Rick Kamla, Steve Alexander, the OGs here on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. What the hell were they doing with Devon Vassell last night with San Antonio? This guy's been a rock star this year. Injured, comes back sooner than I thought, frankly, 12 minutes off the bench. The hell? Like, I pops that he was gonna miss a while, so that was erroneous. Was he even ready to come back if you dipped his toe in the water for 12 minutes? I just didn't get that, doc. And, and I'm I'm actually I'm watching the game last night. Right? The Wembley game at the guard and all this kind of Wembley absolutely wet the bed in the first half last night, and and helped the stat line a little bit in the second half. And I see Devon Bassell out there, right, with the he's got the, I don't know, the butt on top and kind of the hair sticking out on top. And I'm like, it's like he's one of the only guys in the league that has that look. So I'm like, wait. Is that Devon Vassell? Is he back? Did I miss this? And so I see Devin Vassell out there, and then this morning, I look at the box score. He played 12 freaking minutes. Can you help me understand what the hell is going on here? No. Not really. If it's the new pop, I guess, the the old pop would've never put Devin Vassell in there Good point. For 12 minutes. The new pop plays Wimby every night. He plays Devin Vassell when he shouldn't. Yeah. I saw I saw a pregame buzz. Pregame Twitter was, alive with Devon Vassell's gonna warm up and see if he can go to, Devon Vassell warmed up, and he is gonna go, and then Devon Vassell played 12 minutes of nothing. Spurs Spurs are bad. I I don't know. I don't know why they played him for 12 minutes, Rick. Alright. So he's got really nothing on that. I just wanna let y'all know that I'm rocking some RotoWire swag today here. Shout out to Alan, for sending me a swag bag. I love a swag bag, and it's very, very nice stuff. We are the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast, Rick Kamla and Steve Alexander. Let's go to Utah, Steve. This is this is the one we we probably should've been talking about this, in the above point guard discussion. Right? Well, let's add them to the mix here. Keontae George, the rookie out of Baylor, for Utah, 1st round pick, played well in the summer league, caught our eye. And, coming into the year, I play had some moments in the preseason as well. Now there's a funny backstory to this. I just flipped to Taylor Horton Tucker, into a really premium asset in the Cam Dynasty. And I was joking with doc on Twitter. I actually tried to unload Taylor Horton Tucker on Steve Alexander, and he was not having it. Okay? And so I found a member of our league, and and I I mean, it's not like I I heisted or anything. I gave up Clarkson who had 33 last night, but he's been awful this year. Like, I I had to get out on the Clarkson thing, man. And THT and a 3rd round pick in next year's dynasty draft, which really isn't that valuable, to be honest with you. It's a 14 team league, and so you're getting super deep in the weeds in the 3rd round. To me, that's it's kind of a nothing type of pick. Anyway, THT Clarkson and a third for OG Onanobe. And why why am I going for OG? Well, fantasy gold, of course. He's, 2 and a half to 3 threes per game. He's gonna be 1 and a half to 2 steals per game. Oh, la la. He's a camel type of guy. Alright? So and doc was like, you know, giving me, you know, crap and stuff, and I'm like, you watch me turn THT into something. And it's so funny, doc, that right after doing that trade, boom, THT is out of the starting lineup and Keontae George is in the starting lineup. I did not know that. I do not have a direct line to Will Hardy. I didn't even check with David Lock, their great radio announcer, right, to get some insider intel, and I'm very, very good at doing that. You know, I'll reach out to Pete Pranica and all all my play by play homies, Jason Jackson down in Miami trying to get the inside scoop on these guys. But, that timing worked out just great for your boy, Cam. But talk to us about Keontae George. He didn't really light up the box score last night, doc. He had 9 assists, but only 7 points in 31 minutes. So where would you stack Keontae with Lowry, with Jackson, and with Skyler Mates? Well, it's interesting because, the guys in Australia oh my gosh, Josh, Redwall. Why why are we talking about guys? You know, what were the The the fantasy guys in Australia. They they were hyping up Keontae George. Who are they, and why do we care? Help me out. Are these the guys that won that league that I that I, bowed out of? Yes. Is that your time? Yes. Why are you bringing this up? These guys screwed me out of Wimby, and I left the league. Why are you bringing this up, bro? Just because I wrote about it last week in my mailbag mailbag column for rotor wire. Everybody was asking questions about Keontae George, and I'm like, why is everybody asking about Keontae George? Who is hyping this guy up? I found out it was them, the Twitter people. I wrote about it. I'm like, I don't know. You know, I'm not ready to I'm not ready to pick him up and stash him just yet, but at least I'm aware that he's eventually gonna take over for Taylor Horton Tucker. And then I had a bunch of Keontae questions in my mailbag quest column that I wrote last night that is published today on RotoWire, and it was about Keontae George and THT. And just like with your trade timing, the timing of that was weird that THT got benched last night. Keontae George is starting. Like, this is the moment we've been waiting for for 2 weeks. Like, to me, I think he's the priority pickup out of all those guys we've talked about. I I would go George, then Mayes, then Reggie, and then Kyle Lowry at this point. And maybe we gotta put the the kid Lonnie Walker in there somewhere too because Cam Thomas got hurt. We're gonna talk about that in a second. But, Kante George, the numbers haven't been that good this year. I looked at the summer league numbers. He must really pass the eye test. I haven't spent that much time watching him. But just based on the fact that Taylor Horton Tucker is the the THT plug has already been pulled, and it's November 8th yesterday, yeah, Kionate George is the guy I wanna pick up. So, I agree because there's more staying power here. Like, this is probably his gig for the rest of the year. And he's probably not gonna be a shutdown guy either. Right? Because he's so young and needs so much development that he'll probably play after they shut down Clarkson and Markkanen and and these guys like they did last year. Utah sucks. Okay? They just lost Kessler for a while. They do. I mean, they're going nowhere. They're gonna be one of the worst teams in the league. And, and so Keontay George is gonna get a lot of playing time on a bad team. The efficiency is gonna suck. We know this. Okay? It it wasn't great last night. He was 3 of 8. But there's gonna be some raw numbers here, and there's gonna be minutes played. I I you know, I I'd like to see him in the thirties, frankly, because you've got Sexton. You've got THT. They're not just gonna not play him. And you've got Clarkson as well. So you've got 4 guards for those 2 guard spots, but I would like to see them maybe get Keontay to 30, drop THT now to 18. It's the backup Chris Dunn, still kinda lurks in this in in this mix as well. But there's more upside with Keontae George Moore staying power. So I agree with Steve. I would put him above Skyler Mays as you stack your, prioritization with, with the waiver wire. I I wanna talk with you here, Steve. Let's add another guy to the mix here. Marcus Sasser, the rookie for Detroit. He's been really good now in 3 of the last four games. You've got Jaden Ivy who's missed Steve, I believe, 3 games now with that illness. And I'm wondering if there's not something more dramatic going on here because Jaden Ivy should not be coming off the bench behind Killian Hayes. I think Monty Williams is nuts, beyond nuts, for how he's doing his starting lineup. He is starting Aussar Thompson, so he's the homie for that. But if Bojon comes back and he moves Aussar off the bench, I'm going to have a freak show meltdown on NBA radio and perhaps here. But but Sasser's been really good. 19, 22, 7, and 26 has been his last 4 game flow. Last night against Milwaukee at Fiserv, he had 26 points, made 11 of 17 shots, and was flexing and making 4th quarter plays at Milwaukee, okay, in a game where Detroit had it and then let it go at the end. So where do you put Sasser, in the mix here with George and with Skyler Mays and all these guys? Well, before before the Mays and and George break, you know, breaks they caught last night, Sasser was the guy. I've been writing about it for the ESPN tip line and and the risers and fallers. Like, he he's been playing well for, you know, a couple weeks now, and he's still one of those guys that you don't really hear about because he's in Detroit. You don't hear a lot about him because his name is Marcus Sasser, and, like, you just don't people don't know who that is, but he's been putting on numbers for a couple weeks now. And, I've picked him up in a few leagues. I've used him in DFS several times. I wish I woulda used, less Kelly Olynyk last night and more Marcus Sasser. I'll tell you that. But, yeah, I I like it. And I and there is something weird going on with Jaden Ivey. Jaden Ivey should be one of the best offensive players on that team, and they they don't like him or they don't use him for whatever reason. And I'm with you. Like, why is killing Hayes starting over Jaden Ivey and getting all those minutes? So I I there's there's something weird about Jaden Ivey in Detroit. I will tell you exactly what's going on. Monty Williams is coaching a win tomorrow team to win today. That's what's going on here. He does not have a win now team, but he's coaching it like he's got a win now team. K? Remember, we were starting Burks, Alec Burks over Jaden Ivy. Remember that that happened this year. Like, what? What are you doing, bro? And I like Alec Burks. He's a bucket getter off the bench. He could play for me, but not over Jaden Ivy. Jaden Ivy is a top five pick in this league. He and Cade are the backcourt of the future, so we thought. I I think Monty Williams is nuts for not starting Jaden Ivy. Nuts. Absolutely nuts. And I would not even be mad at the young fella if you were pissed and having conversations with his agent, to have conversations with the GM, to go over the coach's head. I would not even be mad at Jaden Ivy. This is garbage. And Monty once has been talking about, you know, there's no promised minutes here. So what does that mean? Well, maybe there's been a little, maybe Ivy's not playing quite as hard as Monty wants me. Here we go with Monty Williams and Deandre and all that bull crap. Right? And so a wash, rinse, repeat now with Monty Williams and Jade and Ivy. It it drives me crazy. So I wanna tee you up here, doc, on on Cam Thomas here. And and you mentioned Lonnie Walker. Okay? Lonnie Walker had 21 points in 28 minutes last night. He was the player of the game. K? Got the walk off interview. They beat the Clippers in the 2nd game with Harden. It was a whole Lonnie Walker thing. Okay? And I'm not buying. I'm super leaving Lonnie Walker on waivers because I think the next game will be 3, the next game will be 8, the next game will be 19, and then the next game will be 5. And so I just don't trust Lonnie. Sell me on it. I don't know that I'm gonna sell you on him. I know we had a good game last night. I know Cam Thomas went down. We also know that Cameron Johnson still has yet to to come back, which that needs to happen soon for them. And somebody else is out for the nets too. Right? Who who's the other one? Nick Claxton. Claxton. Yeah. Claxton and and Cameron Johnson are both out, so we haven't even seen the real nets. Maybe the Cam Thomas train was gonna slow down at some point anyway, but, I'm very upset as far as my 30 30 team lead goes with losing Cam Thomas last night. I he left the arena on a on some sort of device that allowed him to wheel himself around, and, Lonnie Walker had a good game. I think Lonnie Walker is gonna play a lot. I think he's gonna score some points, but I think it's probably gonna be some empty Fantasy lines if I had to guess. So I I would consider picking up Lonnie Walker. I don't think you need to to break your neck to go out and try to try to make sure you get him. He's he's sort of a a nice add if he's sitting there kinda guy. Here's your deal with Lonnie Walker, guys. He's a streamer. K? It's a Thursday night. We've got 3 games. I need 15 points and 2 threes, because I'm a volume accumulator like your wise guys, doc and Cam. Like, I'm not just sticking with my lineup. You gotta go and fetch all those little, cherries off the bottom of the tree. It'll add another 60 points and another 12 threes to your, weekly total and and probably put you over the top. You know, always gotta find those little holes to fill, and just keep hitting dudes with volume, volume, volume. And so that's who he is for me. Tuesday night, light night, maybe a 4 game Sunday. There's not a lot going on, and you you need that guy, to just give you a little bit more. He's a streamer to me. Are you worried about lastly, here as we go through last night. And, obviously, there were a bunch of great performances, but, I mean, we're fantasy. Alright? We go out into the weeds here, and and we're trying to help you off the waiver wire. And and how do you win in fantasy basketball leagues? The fringes. Okay? And so that's where we're gonna live a lot with these podcasts. But, Washington last night, doc, they got a win at Charlotte. And Wes Unseld, basically benched Tyus Jones and Jordan Poole, raising the minutes for Delon Wright and Landry Shamot, and they were very good, and they got the win. One game thing, or should we be worried about Tyus Jones and Jordan Poole here? Well, there was a lot of talk about Jordan Poole winning the the scoring title this year and how he was gonna get all the shots in Washington. He's averaging, like, 17 points a game, and and then last night happened. And Tyus Jones, nice little fantasy point guard, I think. I I don't I don't know that that they can bench those guys. I think if you I think if you trade Jordan Poole right now, you're you're letting him go at his lowest point. I don't think you you wanna mess with Tyus Jones. I don't think you need to trade him, but Jordan Poole's been highly disappointing, and I would be lying if I said I wasn't worried about it, especially when I when I bet a jersey with my friend, Noah, that, he would score more points a game than Luca. That's not looking very good right now. You know, I I said on NBA radio, last year when he was with the dubs. I said, you get Jordan Poole in the right scenario, he's 25 points per game. That has not aged well for me. It has not. You know, he's 8 points below that right now in a spot, Washington, where he should be able to just do what he wants, freelancing. You know, it's maybe even just the number 2 to Kuzma. You should still be able to go out there and get, I mean, dang, at least 22 points. Jordan Poole has been a massive disappointment. And he's getting outplayed by Denny Abdija every night. I know Denny's your guy. Denny wasn't very good last night, but but for the whole year, you are correct, sir. He's playing well. Hey, Rick. Underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire with promo code, this is different, RWNBA. That's promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today. Use promo code RW NBA to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. And I can tell you, Rick, that deposit bonus is real because Casey Alexander, my wife, was in a weird mood last night. She's like, what what what fantasy are you playing? And I was like, I I got this underdog thing going where I I can I bet $5 I can win $410? I I picked, like, a 5 leg just super sleeper thing that did not hit, but it was there. And she's like, I want some of that. So she put $25 in, got the $25 match. She's picking Trae Young oh, unders and stuff. It was pretty funny. Oh, that's hilarious, man. Shout out to Casey. By the way, alright, doc. Let's get into some players who have exceeded our expectations this year. We'll we'll go back and forth here. Give me one here. It's Cam. It's doc on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast. You want me to give you one that succeeded? That's exceeded. And we can, you know, go back and forth here and play a little bit of tennis with this. We can you you get one. I'll give one. We'll do it that way. I'm gonna go, well, there's so many to choose from. I'm gonna go with Chet Holmgren. Looks real, thin man, whatever, putting up big numbers. Wimby's been fun too. Wimby and Chet, I mean, I think they are bringing us everything that we had hoped for. Wimby was terrible last night, but we've seen a game where he wasn't terrible at all, and he had this crazy confidence thing going when he had that 3810 against the Suns, and it's just that is rookie NBA basketball. They're gonna both guys are gonna be a little up and down at times, but I think if you drafted Chet Holmgren or you drafted Victor Wembina, you're pretty happy with with what you got. There's no question about it, especially in Dynasty Leagues, man. These guys look. I am, I've had an epiphany with the body thing. I'm not worried about it. You know, we think about guys like Sean Bradley and these, you know may he rest in peace. Right? And these these guys that, you know, their bodies just didn't hold up. It was a different time. I mean, you had brutes out there. You had Shaq and Alonzo and these guys. Right? Rick Longhorn. Yeah. I mean, there's there's no Shaq. There's no Zoe now. Right? Embiid is, you know, probably the the biggest, thickest dude, and he kinda sorta lives on the perimeter. You know, Kevin Durant has been just fine. Right? Couldn't, you know, bench press 225 or whatever that myth was, and, I mean, he's the top 20 guy who's ever played the game. So I'm not worried about Chet. I'm not worried about Wendy with the body. I'm not. It's it's the I and and you guys know this. Tim Duncan taught us this. When Tim Duncan started taking off weight, and every year towards the end of his career, he'd come back to be skinnier and skinnier and skinnier. Like, my god, dude. Eat a hamburger. Right? Well, he didn't wanna be carrying extra weight like Greg Oden. Right? Why did Greg Oden blow tire after tire and then leave the league? Because he was too heavy. Okay? So it being light and being sleek is the way of today's game. So I'm not worried about their bods. Chet Holmgren, 17. He he's a guy for me too that succeeded expectation. Guys, I thought Chet was gonna be good. I really did. I didn't see this. 17, 8, and 3. Okay. I might have seen that. That that doesn't shock me. 2.5 blocks. Alright. Like, that's pretty much in line with what I saw. One steal per game. Okay. Cool. 1.9 threes. Ding. I did not see that, doc. I did not see Chad Holger rocking 2 threes again. On 56% from 3, he's 56% overall and 90% from the line. He's not 504090. He's 555590 through 2 plus weeks. This has been crazy, from Chad. And look. The debate for me is if I went back and redid the, what is that, the 2022 draft, am I still taking Paula Banchero over Chet Holmgren? I don't know. It keeps me up at night. I love Paula Banchero. I mean, I freaking love him. Okay? But he is not a combination of rim protection and 3 point shooting, which I'm absolutely obsessed with, and Chet is. So that's the debate that's going on in my head. That's tennis that's going on in my brain right now. Let me give you a guide. Doc, as we talk about players who have exceeded our expectations here on the Fantasy Basketball podcast, Jaylen Johnson of your Atlanta Hawks. Jaylen Johnson, He just keeps getting better. He's got 3 consecutive games with double digit rebounds. Okay? And I believe we're done with the Sadik Bey, Jaylen Johnson starting lineup yo yo thing. I think we're done with that. Okay? Jalen Johnson's going 14 points, 9 rebounds, 3 assists, 1.3 I didn't write it down here. I think that's steals. I think he's just below a block per game. He's right around a 3 per game. He's he's looking PJ Washington ish with better rebounding. He's also looking John Collins ish. He's shooting 58% from the field, 32% on threes, and that will come up, and he's 63% from the line. So we've got some efficiency issues there, but dang. Is is he the sleeper of the year, doc? I mean, he he kinda is for me. Like, I mean, he's been, he was a a sort of preseason, let's see where we're going with this. And now, I mean, I I can't get him out of my lineup in the Cam Dynasty, so Jaylen Johnson has greatly exceeded my expectations. Me too. And and he passes the eye test. Like, when you watch the hawks play, he looks like the best player on the court not named Dejounte and Trey, and and he's running the floor so much. Yeah. Like, you compare them to to to those big guys, what's his face? The guy John Collins. PJ Washington. And PJ Washington, those are like big guys, but they don't run the floor like Jaylen Johnson does. Jaylen Johnson is trailing behind Trey and Dejounte, and they're feeding him these lobs and alley oops. And he's he's having a a nightly dunk show for us on on Valley Sports. And, if Saddiq Bey wasn't around right now, Jalen Johnson would be talked about all over the league. But he he he's just he's not getting quite enough minutes to take that next step, but I think they're coming. So I love Jalen Johnson, and he's somebody I didn't draft in a single league. But as soon as I started watching the Hawks play real games this year, I was like, this guy's real. He's he's gonna be awesome. Alright. So, so we're both digging what we're seeing from Jaylen Johnson. Give the people here on The Road to Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast, Steve Alexander, another player who's exceeded your expectations. I'm gonna do that, but first, I'm gonna tell you about rival fantasy. LeBron Jordan. LeBron versus Jordan, matchup versus Byrd, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun and give fans the story lines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player, match up, and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own. Get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rodowire now and get a $200 deposit match. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. See you in the arena. Rick, Dennis Schroeder Schroeder, as they say. Journeyman, Dennis Schroeder, my guy. We saw this coming into the season when, when Fred VanVleet went to Houston. You take a look at Toronto's depth chart and, like, who is gonna play point guard for this team, and there was only one name there, and it it's Dennis Schroder. He has been awesome for them, and he's been awesome for Fantasy. The numbers have not gone away. He's he might even be getting better, as the season advances, and, I'm not gonna say it's a huge shock or a huge surprise, but he's playing better than I thought he would, and I thought he was gonna play well. So he's been pretty awesome. Schroeder is on my list as well. 6th in assists in the NBA at 8.4 per game. 1738 basically is his 3 cat line. 1.1 steals, 2 threes. He's been fabulous, and he's not been an efficiency guy, every year of his career. He has been this year. 47 field, 40 from 3, and he's been absolutely fantastic. Doc, we got some people in here that want to bounce questions off of us, so let's field some of these right now. Here. Hold on. Which one do you wanna do? I'm a throw it up on the screen. Ian Solis here on thoughts on Jalen Green and Scoot Henderson, and that, is pretty slick what you did right there. I like that a lot. So on Scoot, I mean, he's hurt. Right? I mean, you just put him on IL, and he's gonna come back. And, you think I mean, I guess, you know, you think of Scoot now with Simon's out, and Brogdon popped a hamstring last night. How long is he going to be out? So Scoot, maybe really ready for takeoff when he comes back from that ankle whenever that is. Now in terms of, who is the other, player that he Jalen Green. Okay. Jalen Green is a buzzkill in fantasy, and last night, he was not. Alright? Lakers were in town. He had 28, 7, and 3, made 11 to 15 shots in 21 minutes. But but therein lies the truth because he only took 15 shots on a heater night, and he only played 21 minutes. Now it was a blowout. The Houston starters all played in the twenties last night. But, you look, doc, coming into last night's game, all 5 starters were all very good. We're averaging between 14 18 points. It's a clear, setup by Emi Udoka here. We are not, you know, here to have 1 guy score 25 a game. We are here, to collectively do this, have everybody eat. And when everybody eats, everybody defense, and everybody does the dirty work, and all the little things that, you know, that players get entitled about when they're not getting shots. Well, if you're eating, you're defending. And and so I think that's the formula here. So, doc, whereas we might have thought that Jalen was gonna go, you know, from 20 to 22 to 24 or 5 this year. He's at, like, 19 right now, and I don't see a whole lot of upside here. This isn't like a slow start, and he's gonna get it cooking. No. You've got Brooks. You got VanVleet. You got Jabari Smith, and you got Shangoun. I just think there's too many mouths to feed here. Yeah. And Dillon Brooks, until the last game, was putting up huge numbers. Another surprising guy. And, you know, I think we all wondered, are VanVleet and and Dillon Brooks gonna work? I apparently, it it does. And it's bad news for Jalen Green. Like, Jalen Green is not on an island by himself allowed to take as many shots as he wants. Like you said, they're spreading the ball around, trying to play team basketball, trying to make everybody trying to turn that thing into a true team, and and that's bad news for Jalen Green. I'd rather he was on an island and allowed to just do whatever he wants, but it's not the case. It's not the case. So, so let's go to, another, question here by Guilford Wong. Trey Poole for Beal. Oh, man. Can that happen didn't that just happen in real life? It kinda did. I think Chris Paul was involved there somewhere too. I don't want either there. I I don't want either if I am so out on Bradley Beal. Like, I couldn't be more out. Like, I'm out on Bradley Beal like I'm out on Kyrie. Who else? Brandon Ingram, D'Angelo Russell. Like, these are not my guy. James Harden, these are not my guys. K? Ironically, I have Harden and Beal on my team in Cam Dynasty, my favorite team of all my teams, and it is what it is. I mean, they, I I tried to trade Beal. I literally I canvassed the entire league for Bradley Beal, and I did not ask for a lot in return for Bradley Beal. Crickets, man. Every your trade has been declined. Your trade has been declined. It's like, okay. I guess I'm just stuck with Bradley Beal here. Woah. 1344 last night in 24 minutes on so you know how this is gonna go. He's not gonna play back to back. So my god. The horror. Minutes restriction. I'm so done with Bradley Beal, dude. If I had to pick, I would take Jordan Poole just because I'm more done with Beal than I am with Poole. I'm exactly the same. I'm I'm not I am I've not been a Beal guy ever, and I I call my my my golf buddy, John Utterback. Sometimes I call him Johnny 1 putt, and I I like to call Brad, Bradley 1 leg. It's just he's done. I I think he's cooked. I think Jordan Poole right now I I don't know that you wanna trade Jordan Poole right now because I feel like you're feeling low on Jordan Poole. Poole is he's gotta get better than he's been. So, I think Rick and I are both in agreement that we are not trading, Jordan Poole for Bradley Beal. Guilford Wong also asked us, should we be trading Randle, question mark? His shooting is horrific. Look. Julius Randle, the last couple of games has been very, very good. Last night, he was awesome. 23, 16, and 5. I'm a Julius Randle guy. I know there's gonna be bad nights. I know he's gonna have bad decision making that need leads to Nick losses. But, damn, he's a 25, 10, and 5 guy, and there are, like, 5 of them in the NBA right now. So I'm a Julius Randle guy hanging in there with him. I would not trade him. Doc, how about you? I mean, he can't shoot it this poorly all year. Right? He's gonna he's gonna be better. I think, again, if we're trading Randall right now, you're you're you're selling low, and that's not what you wanna do in the stock market or in fantasy sports. You wanna you wanna sell high. So I I don't think it's a great time to be to be trading, Jewellus Randle. And, Rick, if if you are looking for another, outstanding performer that succeeded expectations this year, I'm gonna throw I was just going I was stealing all the guys off your list, so I'm gonna throw Alper and Shaan Kyun out there. Because Alpi has been God. Pretty awesome. Is is Alpi on your list too? No. He's he's he's honestly kinda doing what I thought he was gonna do. I mean, he's been fabulous, but this is kinda what I saw. Right? About 17 points, about 8 boards, about 4 assists. Like, he's he's in Steve, this is interesting because this goes back to my scouting of Shen Goon in the pre draft process. He reminded me of Demontes Sabonis. His great hands, great footwork. He's really smart and crafty and clever in the paint and around the rim. He's a good playmaker. You can run offense through him, and I saw all of this looking at film of him, playing for whatever damn team he was on. But he gave me, Sabonis vibes in the pre draft process. And is he giving you Sabonis vibes when you watch Shangoon and when you look at his stat lines? Yes. And he's he's gotten increasingly better with each season also, and, like, it's noticeable from season 1 to season 2 to season 3. I drafted him I drafted a lot of shares of Shangun. So, I thought it was gonna happen, and I'm just glad that he's living up to the hype. Like, he's he's certainly doing everything we could have asked for and a little bit more, I'd say. Rick, the m e NBA season is here as we know. It's November 9th. We're deep into this thing. We had 14 games, 28 teams in action last night. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans, every dunk, dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivint Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visitvividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code ROTOWire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code ROTOWire, $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit pivotseats.com. Pivotseats. Experience it live. That's Steve Alexander. I'm Rick Kamla. We're the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast, and we are about out of time here. Guilford Wong, docs says, thanks, doc. Thanks, Rick. Fantasy OGs. Miss your show on NBA TV. Guilford, thank you for that. God bless you, man. I appreciate that. I want to, talk, you know, obviously, hear about, some players who have, fallen short of our expectations, and I wanna merge it with a question here from, I believe it's fork 3. And look at me. I just popped it up. Oh. He says, ah, it's it's sometimes I get this technology thing right. He says, what do you guys think about Josh Giddey and Jabari Smith, in 9 cat? What do you think is expected? So, for Jabari Smith, again, it's back to the Jalen. I mean, are are we happy with Fred VanVleet's numbers? I promise you, VanVleet, managers are not happy with his numbers. Right? Again, we're spreading the wealth in Houston now. So what you're getting from Jabari Smith is what you're gonna get from Jabari Smith, and that was my expectation coming into the year. I did not see a pop year from Jabari. Now Josh Giddey, doc, is a player. Maybe the number one player for me who is falling short of my expectations. His points are down from 16.6 to 12.1, 7.9 rebounds to 5.9, 6.2 assists to 4.5, 48% field down to 40, 33 from 3 down to 24% from 3. And minutes have gone from 31 to 28 because he's playing like such garbage that Martineo is going with some other guys now. Okay? Josh Giddey has been a nightmare from my vantage point, and I I'm not invested in him because I just saw too many dudes. Jalen Williams, Chad, SGA, Dort. No. It's too many guys. I I didn't see a massive statistical year from Giddey, who last year was 168 and 6, like a Ben Simmons really fat stat line. We're not getting that. We're getting 12, 6, and 5 right now. Well, I think we were I was worried about Jalen Williams getting enough run this year. That has not been a problem. Jalen looks looks pretty awesome. And and I think the fact that Jalen is playing well, Chet's playing well. Lew Dort. We haven't talked about Lew Dort, but, I mean, out of all the guys we've talked about today, he's the one I've been picking up off the waiver wire in most leagues. 36 minutes last night, 3 triples, 2 steals, 3 blocks. Big minutes every night. He had a hip injury. He played through it. And then there's Giddey. You know, those other starters are all getting 30 plus minutes a night. Giddey's getting got 25, shot 4 of 11, kinda filled the stat sheet a little bit. But, yeah, he's been he's been weird. And and he's you know, the thing is the Thunder are 5 and 3. The Thunder are nobody is one gonna wanna see that team in the playoffs. Right? No one. And Giddey knows that he doesn't need to have the ball in his hands all the time to be great on that team, to be their general and just kinda hold things down while SGA scored 40 and I get into the bucket whenever he wants, and Jalen Williams and Chet and Dort are firing up. Like, there's so many weapons on that team. Giddey is gonna be more like a a true point guard that just kinda runs the offense and stay stands back and watches it all happen. So I I don't think he's gonna be a focal point of their their offensive training. Give the people the last word here, Dake, before we get out of here. You wanna give them a player that's fallen short of expectations, tell them where to read your stuff, whatever. The floor is yours, brother. I'll be writing my mailbag should be up on Red O Wire right now. Thanks for all the questions on Twitter. And then I've got my risers and followers hitting ESPN tomorrow. That's that's been a big column over there at ESPN Fantasy. So, if you play Fantasy Hoops at ESPN, it should show up right right in your right in your app, whatever, tomorrow. And then last night was crazy, man. So many games. Giannis got ejected. Did you see the Giannis ejection? I got I gotta dig into that a little bit. I I saw that it was, pretty garbage y, from what I saw. I got I got a look. I I Porzingis got a tech last night for hanging on the rim when Horford hit him in the head from behind on the dunk attempt. It's like, he's not showing anybody up. He's trying not to die. Okay? So you just hit a nerve with me, dude. And I saw, Jackson Hayes the other night for the Lakers. Now he did do a pull up on the rim. Okay? But he also had a guy around him. I'm like, clinic, oh, why are we attacking these guys for that? And Giannis stared down the dude for, like, a second and a half. Like, it was just like and then he turned around and walked away, and they're like, bam. And, you know, it was second tech. He's gone. Yeah. The the people that are paying money to go watch Giannis play and spending a $1,000 and taking their kid down there, for that to happen, man, it it's it's BS, and it needs to stop. With that, Rick, are are you done? Do you have anything you need to plug hype? We're out, man. You got your you got your swag, your rotor wire swag on. Yes, sir. I'll be on NBA radio later today, 2 o'clock EST at the great Antonio Daniels. So, if you wanna follow me over there or just stay put, we've got a ton of great content for you here on rotor wire. So for doctor a, I'll come. We'll see you next week, guys, at 11 AM EST right here, same spot on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. Peace.