Welcome to a Wednesday edition of the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. We are in week 4 of the regular season. Nick Whalen, Brandon Kravitz here with you as we are every Wednesday. And, Brandon, what a night we had in in, I believe, what, night 3 of the NBA NCAA tournament. I am still kind of scrambling, trying to, like, find, okay, which which teams are are still in play right now, for the NBA Cup. I I believe the Clippers were mathematically eliminated last night, with with their loss to the Denver Nuggets. But an exciting night of group play. We had, you know, one big, kerfuffle going on, in the the Timberwolves warriors game, less than 2 minutes in. Klay Thompson gets kicked out. Draymond Green comes in for the headlock. Rudy Gobert, he gets ejected as well. You know, Anthony Davis was nearly ejected in the Lakers game. I mean, I look. We we will we wondered if players would take the in season cup seriously, and I I think we have our answer, Brandon. The only people that are laughing at this right now are trolling fans. It's honestly been a lot of fun, and I I don't know if you saw Steph Curry's response when he was asked, like, how confusing is all of this? And and he just kinda snarkily goes, you know, if you just read about it, it's really not that difficult. You're in a group stage. You try and pick up enough wins to advance, and then it's, it's an a knockout tournament. And it really is. I mean, when you break it down, it's this is not that complicated. And and these players first of all, there's money on the line, $500,000 at the end for the champion. Even if it's just 5% more interesting and competitive than a basic Tuesday or Friday night game in the NBA, isn't that all you're kinda asking for? Yep. And so when you change the color of the courts and jerseys are different and you tell the players even if it's sort of like this pot of gold or maybe, bronze would be a better comparison, a pot of bronze at the end of the, rainbow Mhmm. The players, like, they just weed dog these guys way too much as NBA fans is saying they they they don't care. There's so many guys that care so much that are uber competitive, and they only need a little morsel of added motivation to give us what we saw last night, full blown choke. I mean, I don't know how much motivation Draymond Green needs to choke somebody out, but I I mean, this has been obviously a victory early on for the NBA is my overarching point. I I do you I mean, do you really think the in season tournament is what provoked, you know, this this increased level of aggression, I guess, to to put it professionally last night? Like, I I think that was gonna happen no matter what. I I don't think, you know, Anthony Davis said, hey. It's the in season tournament. You know? I gotta I gotta shove Santi Aldama here. Or, you know, I I don't think Klay Thompson said, man, 2 minutes into the in season tournament, you know, game 2. Look. I I gotta I gotta turn it up a notch. I I think it just happened to be that these were these were in season tournament games. But, either way, it's, I mean, it's it's, in general, good for the league. You know? I I think Adam Silver would probably tell you, no. It's not good that we have players getting kicked out. But I think the fact that this happened to occur during an in season tournament night, it it shines more light on it. I don't think that they fought because they're in the in season tournament. I'm at my general point is just that players are way more naturally competitive than I think we tend to give them credit for, and that's where the in season tournament can be something that these players care about because they already have that. And it's that sort of just natural competitiveness, that we're they're gonna get into scuffles throughout the course of seasons. And Draymond Green has done this to teammates in practice, so we shouldn't be surprised that it's happening on a Tuesday night against an opponent. But I I just I I think that you are seeing an increased level of competitiveness in general. The aggression, probably not because of in season tournament play, but just overall, we've seen close games. We've seen good games. The, we I think we read the stat on last week's podcast that first night of in season tournament action saw more one score games than we'd seen in years on a slate that had at least 7 games, so there's clearly something to this. Alright. Let's hit some of the news coming out yesterday and looking ahead to the rest of the week, and we'll we'll start with Golden State. And, you know, they were going to be without Steph Curry no matter what last night. You know, and Draymond has, like, a history of if he's not playing with Curry, he just doesn't wanna be out there. So I'm not not shocked, that he got kicked out of this game, you know, less than 2 minutes in. I I would have gone over on that. But, nonetheless, you know, they're calling Curry, you know, you know, calling this a minor injury, but they they're also calling it a right knee sprain, which Yeah. Yeah. I don't know, man. That those are kinda contradictory to me. Right? And, you know, Curry was on the bench. He was up and, you know, didn't look like he was hampered at all. Didn't appear to be, you know, wearing any brace or anything on that knee. So I I'm inclined to believe the warriors here that this is not that big of a deal, but we're also talking about a guy in his mid thirties who's missed a ton of time with a a variety of injuries over the last several years. And I don't know, man. Like, in general, like, knee sprain is not just like a 1 to 2 game injury. Like, that's that's usually something that keeps guys out for weeks, if not longer. So are you are you concerned right now about Steph Curry? Like, do you expect to see him tomorrow against OKC, Saturday, and the rematch against OKC? Like, how are we handling this right now for Fantasy? So the the report is that it's not that serious of an injury right now. To me, that means no more than a week, but, yeah, I expect him to miss the next couple of games. And I see here on our our our, itinerary teams that we got wrong. This is one that's on the opposite end for me. The and there are plenty. Don't worry. We'll put plenty of egg on my face, but we talked about it on the first podcast we did together. I was concerned about this warriors team getting old right in front of our very eyes, and and then they started the season pretty hot. And, and and it wasn't looking great at first trying to end the dynasty verbally here on the podcast for the Golden State Warriors, but we are seeing it. Klay Thompson wasn't the same player last year. Steph Curry now dealing with injuries. And if he's out, that's gonna crater the productivity of this team. They go as he goes. And if he's not out on the floor, I don't think Chris Paul is gonna keep them afloat. Kind of some bizarre possessions, I thought, by Chris Paul down the stretch. I mean, they ended up being a a really competitive game against Minnesota. And, we'll we'll talk about Brandon Pogienski in a moment here. But even after the ejected, you're thinking, okay. Alright. Minnesota's gonna run away with this thing. They still have Gobert. They got Towns. They got Edwards. And that wasn't really the case, but they're actually trailing going into the Q4. Got some big stops. Anthony Edwards had a big pull up 3 late in the game, but I thought Chris Paul had several opportunities to, I don't know if I would say, take over this game, but at at least kinda take control of the offense. And he was he was passing on, like, wide open mid range jumpers and, you know, kinda kicking it out to guys who you maybe don't necessarily want taking big shots down the stretch. I I thought it was kind of a a bizarrely passive game for Chris Paul, considering the warriors did not have Draymond, Curry, or Klay Thompson for virtually the entire game. But but the thing with the goal with the warriors right now, Brandon, is they're just not shooting the ball well. Right? And, you know, obviously, when you remove Curry from the equation, that's gonna make it even more difficult. They're they're under 35% from from 3 as a team on the season. They're 44.5% from the field. That's 26th in the NBA. The only teams worse than the warriors so far, the Bulls, the Blazers, the Grizzlies, and the Knicks. And, you know, part of that is Andrew Wiggins just looking like a shell of himself. Obviously, you're not relying heavily on on Draymond Green to give you anything offensively. You know, Chris Paul's been up and down, but there's always this, you know, fabled belief that, like, alright. This is the year. Jonathan Kuminga, Moses Moody, those guys are gonna take over. It it feels like we're going down the same path with those guys again. And, you know, now now we have Brandon Podgemski, who looks like he might be at least something for this team off the bench. But I also don't think you could count on him, you know, going 9 of 18 from the field, banking in a 3 at the end of the Q3. I mean, that that felt like, you know, kinda one of those, like, magical, like, almost Jeremy Lin type of games. And, you know, I I think they'll experiment and see what they have with him. But, ultimately, you know, they they flashed a graphic last night, Brandon, that I I did not realize this. Brandon Pajewski became only the 2nd warriors player to to score over 20 points this season. Obviously, Stephen Curry is the other one. And and Dario Saric ended up getting over 20 points as well. He had a late 3 pointer. So the warriors now have 3 20 point scores on the year. Stephen Curry, Brandon Pogjewski, and Dario Saric. Wow. Yeah. I mean, I think that we oftentimes are fooled by jerseys and sports, and don't let the jersey fool you in this situation. Just because you're donning the warriors' garb doesn't mean that you're all of a sudden a proficient 3 point shooter. Klay Thompson is is, dropped off a bit. I mean, he was still a great 3 point shooter last year, so I don't wanna dog him too much. But like you said, you're not getting much from Draymond Green. When you take Steph Curry out of the equation, who do you love in terms of outside shooting on this team? A team that for the last decade has been excellent at that and almost clean across the board with guys that they would bring in and shuffle into their lineup. That's just not there. Those young guys have not come around. And, hey. Maybe this Pogemski fella is somebody that we should take a good hard look at because they're gonna need production if Steph Curry, ends up missing some time here. And it's 23 points, and it's not like he was doing it all on fluky threes, 9 of 18 from the field. So sick 6 of his shots came from inside the perimeter. I like that in terms of just his ability to score at multiple levels. This is a 1st round pick. He was a top twenty guy. No. I'm not highly heralded coming out of college, but, clearly something that, that Steve Kerr and company saw in him. Wisconsin native, Brandon Pogjewski. Oh, there you go. What else do you need to know? You know, I I I think Andrew Wiggins' struggles to me are are maybe the biggest concern so far. Like, I I think Klay's gonna get going. We saw a slow start from him last year. You know, Draymond, like, the numbers are never gonna look great, but, obviously, what he gives them is is tough to quantify, and I think he's gonna be fine. But Wiggins is 5 for 33 from 3 to begin the season. And he just he just doesn't look confident, man. He doesn't look engaged. He's just kinda floating around out there. We saw that again last night. You know, had some some lapses on the defensive end. Like, it's just I don't know what's going on with Wiggins. Like, he just we're 12 games in at this point. You know? If it was 3, 4, 5 games, you're like, alright. You know, it could just be a slump, but he looks like he's lost confidence across the board. Like, he's at he's at 50% from the free throw line. He's at 39% from the field. Like, it it's not like it's just a a a 3 pointers issue. Like, he's not he's not hitting anything right now, and he's not even taking that many. You know, last night was was kinda one of those spots where it's like, alright. You're down you're down your 3 best players for the entire game. Like, this would be the night for Andrew Wiggins to step up, and he he just simply did not. And it it's got to the point where, you know, if you're in a 10 or a 12 team league, I I I don't think I'm dropping Andrew Wiggins because I I think the pedigree is there, and I I do think over the course of the season, he's somebody that you wanna roster. But if you have anything less than a 4 4 game week right now, it's like, I don't even know if I wanna start Andrew Wiggins. No. I've been and there's a number of these guys. I'm sure that at some point, Jordan Poole is one of the most confounding players in fantasy. His name will probably come up at some point. Andrew Wiggins fits into the same bucket of, the lead boot players on your roster that are too good to drop and too bad to start, and we end up with a lot of these players. I don't understand what's happening. This guy has put on a lot of muscle over the last several years, and I think he's somebody that should be attacking the basket a lot more. But when you look, forget about the free throw percentage, which is certainly not great at less than 50%. Mhmm. He's not even getting to the line, Nick. That's part of the problem. I mean, maybe he wouldn't make him if he got there, but, I mean, he shot no free throws last night. 4 in the 2 games combined prior to that. This is a guy that should be getting to the cup and forcing the issue with his physicality, and he's not doing that at all. So you're right. And I think that that speaks to a confidence issue when you're passively just just taking, ill advised mid range or 3 point shots, and they're not falling. The best players when that's happening in their field goal percentage or 3 point percentage is sluggish, they attack the rim, especially if they have the ability to do it. He does, and he's not doing it. And so it does speak to that confidence issue. And and that's where it's tough to gauge because, I mean, confidence is everything in basketball, and you have no idea as a fantasy manager when that's ever gonna come back. Got a question about, Jaren Jackson junior from from our friend Mal. And, yeah, this will this will kinda lead us to talk about Grizzlies, Lakers, and, the grizzlies are certainly a team that I got wrong. I'd you know, I wouldn't say I thought they were gonna win the west or anything like that. I I did not think they'd be 2 and 9, Brandon Same. With with the worst record in the western conference through 11 games. And, you know, they have just they've even been competitive on a lot of nights. And, you know, they're they're down Steven Adams. They're down job rant. We know that. You know, I I think those are those are kind of their own issues, but some of the depth that they lost as well, you know, Tyus Jones, for example, like not having him to kinda cover up for the absence of Ja Morant. I think that's been a much bigger factor than we anticipated. You know, they lost Marcus Smart to an injury last night. Looked like he rolled his ankle in the Q2, so we'll see how much time he ends up missing. But this one against the Lakers got completely out of hand. I mean, this game was over essentially by halftime. And, you know, the laker like, LeBron, Anthony Davis didn't even play at all in the Q4. It was yet another night. Excuse me. My voice is just all over the place. It was another night where I feel like everybody in my my most important fantasy league, like, started the night 0 for 5 from the field. Looking at you, Jared Jackson, who is now down to, like, 44% on the year. He was 0 for 7 at one point, finished 3 of 16 from the floor. So the same thing happened with Laurie Markkanen. Damian Lillard, is also on that team. He's shooting, like, 36% from the field on the year. You know, I I thought this would be a monster situation early on for Jared Jackson, you know, without without Jabber. Right? Coming off a team USA, you're thinking, alright. It's gonna be it's gonna be the Bane show. It's gonna be the Jared Jackson show every single night. And, you know, Jared Jackson has now had 3 straight games where he just hasn't really done anything offensively. You know, the rebounds, are are not really there at all. He has not had multiple block shots in 5 straight games. You know, I that was one of my highest buys. This was an auction league, and it it's it's looking I wouldn't say, like, it's gonna be a total bust because, you know, the the the big games have still been there. Like, Jackson had a nice 3 game run yet the beginning of November, but 2 of those games came against Portland. And it it feels like when they go up against, you know, some of the elite teams in the league, they're just overmatched. I mean, the the the grizzlies make no sense right now. And and perhaps it's just simp as simple as this. Sometimes, like, we think that when a a great player leaves the floor that it then opens up room, an opportunity for other really good players like Jaren Jackson junior. But this is a big man that clearly needs his point guard to play that 2 man game. I don't think he's the same without Ja Morant. We saw spurts last season when Ja was off the floor where this team still played well, but that's where you get a team that's that's good, that's rolling. Go back to that confidence word that we were using before, that can rally the troops. There's no rallying right now. They know they're down a road where they had to play without Ja Morant, their best player for 25 games. And it's just something that seems like nobody's stepping up, and it's not clicking right now. But I would hold on on Jaren Jackson junior. If we're talking about between the 2, just positionally, it's harder to replace Jaren Jackson junior. You're already 11 games into the jawless grizzlies. I think Jaren Jackson junior, we just all read the situation wrong. We thought he'd be better without Ja. He clearly needs Ja in the lineup, and that's coming. You're I mean, you're a couple weeks away from the grizzlies returning to full, full form and strength. Yeah. I I think you're right. I think you said it that he kinda needs Ja Morant, to to function. He's not he's not the type of guy who's going to just go get his own shot. Right? I I think it Exactly. It was it's kinda ironic watching him go up against Anthony Davis last night and, like, like, Jared Jackson last night looked like Anthony Davis on his bad nights, you know, where he's kinda out of control. He's, you know, the his legs are all over the place. He's, like, trying to draw contact, but it ends up just being messy, and he's forcing shots. Like, that's that's kinda what it would ride to be of. And it's it's those nights when, like, when the Lakers don't have LeBron, and it's like, alright. AD, we need you to give us 30. Sometimes he can do it. Sometimes he can't. And, you know, I I think more often than not, that's what we've seen with Jackson. We got a couple of questions. You know, one here, Kate Cunningham, kinda in the same boat. Andrew asked the same thing. Is he a buy low? Mal asked if he should trade Kate Cunningham. I I feel the same way on Kate as I do Jaren Jackson. I feel like, you know, we we've seen we've seen the the highs with Kate Cunningham last night, was was certainly not one of those games. But he he ranked 75th right now in per game value in 8 category leagues. You know, he still gave you 12 assists, gave you 3 steals last night. You know, the shooting is is what's kinda holding him back. And if you play in a 9 cat league, you know, turnovers have been somewhat of an issue, for him as well. But, he shoot 40.2% from the field, but he's at 88% from the line. You know, 1.8 threes per game. I I'd be looking to buy low on Kate Cunningham. Like, if if it's if it's a you know, do do I try to trade him versus do I try to trade for him? I I would rather buy low on Cade. I agree. I'd still think his best days are in front of him, and and I would just like to reiterate in terms of the Jaren Jackson junior situation. I think at this point, I'd still rather have Jared and Jackson junior, but if we're just isolating Cade Cunningham, a buy low, yeah. I mean, I I would go ahead and see what you can pull off to to to get him. All eyes are on Asar Thompson right now. He is the I mean, is this guy not the fantasy darling? Last week was all about Scottie Barnes and what he was doing for fantasy managers, but Asar Thompson is not going away. And so everybody that's got their eyes on the Pistons has their eyes firmly planted on him. But I think we we live in a in in a world where both of those guys can exist and have their own fantasy value on the same roster. They they just do different things. Asar is bringing it across the board. The guy just is statistically defense, offense, and everything, and Cade Cunningham is gonna fill it up with, more like, points and assists. Yeah. Asar Thompson is the, you know, the the auction buy or the the draft pick of the year so far. And I think I think he's benefiting from the absence of Jalen Duran in terms of the rebounds. Like, I I don't think he's gonna be a, like, you know, 14 rebounds a game guy when Duran is back. But it's clear. I mean, he's gonna stick in this rotation. Right? It's like Jaden Ivey Oh, the defense is too good. You can't get away from him. He's he's unbelievable on defense. Yeah. I mean, we I I feel like we didn't really get a fair chance to evaluate him, you know, in in the overtime league last year, but my goodness. I mean, this dude is is unbelievable. It's like he's he's a great odd ball defender, and it's also translating to fantasy. Like, that's not always the case. Right? There's a lot of, like, good defenders who just don't get a ton of steals or blocks. Whereas, a star tops, it feels like he's good for, like, at least one of each every night. I mean, yeah, these these last 4 games, 12 points, 13 boards, he's giving you almost 4 assists as well. That was not really something that we, you know, we knew would be consistent coming in. 1.8 blocks, 1 steal. So, yeah, he's a top 50 guy on the year so far. Obviously, if you're if you're someone who grabbed him late, you're holding on to him. We got a a question about Herbert Jones. Is he a must roster over Tyus Jones, no relation, or Bruce Brown? He's definitely a must roster for me, for sure over Bruce Brown. I mean, you could you could kinda quibble about Tyus Jones. Like, I I'm still I'm still holding out some hope there. You know, he had 10 points, 8 assists the other night against Toronto. That was a step in the right direction, but the minutes have been all over the place. I would rather have Herb Jones right now of those 3. The question is, you know, do they pull back on Herb Jones at some point? Like, Trey Murphy could be back in the next couple of weeks. You know, obviously, CJ McCollum is out. We don't really know when he's gonna be back. Jose Alvarado, like, not not one to 1 positionally. But, yeah, I I think Herb Jones is just such a good 3 a d player, such a good defender that, yes, Trey Murphy's gonna cut into his workload, but I I think New Orleans needs to keep him on the floor for at least 25 plus minutes tonight. And if if that's the case, he's still probably getting you 1 or 2 steals every night. He's gonna get you some blocks as well. I mean, he had 7 combined steals and blocks in 31 minutes in what turned into a blowout last night against Dallas. So absolutely want him over Bruce Brown, and I I think you gotta take him over Tyus Jones too. I think I'd rather have Tyus Jones if we're just talking about over the course of the season, but I agree. I mean, I really like Herb Jones, the player. The problem is is that we don't I don't think we have a true depiction of what this New Orleans Pelicans rotation is gonna look like because we just haven't seen them fully healthy, at any point this season. So he's a player that I like, but the Washington Wizards have very few adults in the room. Tyus Jones feels like one of them. So even though the numbers aren't eye popping, I just think over the course of the season, he's gonna bring you more efficiency, a higher usage. They've gotta get away from Jordan Poole. I'm probably not telling the Wizards anything that they can't figure out for themselves, and, and that is certainly one of my big swings and and misses in the draft process. Yeah. Yeah. I I was targeting Jordan Poole and didn't really get him anywhere. Kind of feels like a a bullet dodged, in that situation. And, you know, just in the last week, there's been, like, multiple somebody put together, like, a lowlights compilation of Jordan Poole just doing Jordan Poole things. Yeah. There's that video of him just, like, very clearly Not paying attention. Yeah. Pulling off coaches, blowing off teammates in the huddle. It's like we're we're 3 and a half weeks into the season. Don't really love that, as far as what it means going forward. But And and I would I wouldn't read into that if he didn't also play like someone that didn't pay attention in in in huddles. Yeah. That's the problem. Yeah. Let's let's talk about your team, the Orlando Magic last night. They they get blown out by Brooklyn, 124, 104. Still a decent night for for Ben Caro and and Franz Wagner. You know, Goga Butadze, still starting still giving you okay numbers and relief, of Wendell Carter. You know, any anything that you saw last night or over these last couple of games from Orlando? I I know you follow them as closely as anybody. Yeah. Well, they cratered in the Q4, which has been one of the biggest problems for this team, but, you know, that's, aside from the fantasy lens. I thought that we would see more from Anthony Black in terms of numbers. He wasn't a guy that I was high on in the Fantasy draft process because I didn't think he would see minutes, but he's impressed the team so much in practice and and in the preseason that when Markelle Fultz went down, they slid him right into the starting lineup. But, man, does this guy fade into the background? I think he looks comfortable out there, but he just doesn't doesn't handle the ball all that often, and he is not like, he's a guy that to me passes the eye test, but then you look at the box score, and and he's giving you virtually nothing. So even with Markelle Fultz out of the lineup, I I don't even think that Anthony Black is rosterable. Love what I've seen from Jalen Suggs on the offensive end last night, Was not one of those nights, and and he's gonna be hot and cold. That's just the kind of player that he is. But in terms of what he brings defensively and when you get those random bursts on offense, I think Jalen Suggs is somebody that I probably should have been higher on in the draft process. Franz is Franz. You know, he brings you this yeah. He's the same guy every single night. It's great. For Paolo, you know, I I think the, the shooting percentage will get there. One of the things that I'm noticing with him is that he has not figured out where his kill spot is yet. He doesn't know where to go on the floor to go. I need a bucket. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna shoot it from here. This is still somebody that wants to be a good 3 point shooter. Last night, he was shot over 50% from, the perimeter, but that's not who he is. I just don't think he's found his spot yet. Paolo is a perfect example of the type of player that's much better in real life than he is in fantasy. Definitely helps this team in the win loss department, but, he's just not somebody like, is he even a top 50 fantasy player, at this point? So that's where, I think fantasy and reality can can definitely there can be a divergence there. I'll send a couple quick questions from the chat here. Sohan or Bruce Brown in a 14 team 9 category league? I would go Bruce Brown. I've got out on this Sohan experiment, especially in 9 cat. You know, you're dealing with the turnovers that if you look at Sohan's ranking in 8 cat versus 9 cat, there's a pretty big difference. We're talking about 40, 50 spots because of the turnovers. Bruce Brown's been pretty underwhelming. You know, he hasn't had any, like, big stat lines, but that's that's also just who Bruce Brown is. Like, he is a he's a bit player. He's more he's more valuable in real life, than he is in fantasy. But I think in a 9 category league, Bruce Brown has a better chance to finish in that, like, 90 to 110 range than Jeremy Sohan does at this point, especially if the Spurs move away from this point guard experiment at some point. Right? It's like it's the assist that you're a better kind of booing him right now. And I I could see San Antonio wanting to go with a more traditional guard. They have Trae Jones just kinda sitting there. So I I would lean Bruce Brown in that situation. Yeah. We're starting to see his minutes dip a little bit too. I I I agree. I think it's something they go away from. He's not a great player, and this team just man, when they play bad, it is, like, otherworldly bad. Eighty seven points last night against the Oklahoma. They had 83 a couple weeks ago against the Los Angeles Clippers, so they have they can crater in a way that I'm I'm sort of at the point where I'm trying to avoid all Spurs not named Victor Wembanyama just because I don't want the, the full blown dud. There's so many players in fantasy that can that can just give you night to night production, and and there are so many guys on the on the Spurs that just give you nothing, and he's one of them. So we talked about Jordan Poole. We won't go long on this one, but, you know, Guilford asked, any suggestions on what to do with this clown, who ranks outside of the top 100 so far this season? I mean, he was dry I saw him going in the top 40. You know? 38 to to, like, 45 in a lot of drafts. Yeah, man. I mean, what are you doing? I mean I was one of the I was so high on him. I I thought for sure the usage was gonna skyrocket. It was gonna be Jordan Pooleball. And yet here the Washington Wizards are trying to actually coach a basketball team. I thought it was just gonna be sandlot ball. This is gonna more dogs? Yeah. Pick up at the y m at the YMCA. And, I mean, he's he's trying to play his own brand of basketball, and credit to the Wizards because they're not having it, and they shouldn't. Jordan Poole, we are learning, was a product of the system, and the system was in Golden State. And, honestly, they need each other because Golden State is struggling to score outside of the obvious stars, and Jordan Poole is struggling without real structure. He thinks he's a superstar. He's simply not. What do you do with him? You hold him, put him on your bench, and, sorry. You could put him on the trade block, but who who's making you an offer for Jordan Poole right now? And he's good too good to drop. Yeah. I I feel like this is my, like, Alibaba stock that I bought in, like, 2019, and I'm just, like, waiting for it to to eventually skyrocket. And I don't know if that's gonna happen. Yeah. And if if that's the thing is if you're trading him, I mean, it's rock bottom, it feels like, right now. I would probably hold off and and just hope that that he has, like, a hot week, which will probably come at some point. Right? I mean, there's gonna be a week where he has back to back 30 point games. Maybe at that point, that's when you you try to to sell relatively high on him. But if you're selling it right now, I mean, what are you what getting back? It's like, I I'm looking at other players in his general range. It's like, are are you trading him for, I don't know, Devin Vassell or, you know, you try to get someone like Jeremy Grant to spend a better score, but has not really given you anything else, that you could target. Trying to look at, like, other under you know, John Collins is, like, hanging around, like, the top 100. I mean, these are the type of guys we're talking. Like, you're not you're not getting somebody else who is being drafted in that same range. No. But I'm also you know, in most scenarios, I think philosophically in fantasy, I agree with you. You don't wanna you don't wanna sell low, but it could actually get worse. So I I don't think it's the worst idea to just see if you can if you can get something. If there's some player out there that intrigues you that's that's around the range that Nick was just talking about. In most scenarios, I would say that's a really bad idea, and it's and it's a panic move. I I I truly think this situation might not improve itself. So if you have somebody you you have to know that that other fantasy manager is looking and saying, I believe that that turnaround is coming. And if you can get that sort of value on Jordan Poole, that might be the only value that's really left is somebody that that really thinks that like, they if they think they're ripping you off, then that might be the person you wanna make a deal with. Alright. Good trade question here from Jacob. So he's saying Jayson Tatum, Asar Thompson, and Jalen Duran for LeBron, Miles Turner, and Kristaps Porzingis in a points league. Which side would you rather have? Tatum, Asar Thompson, and Duran for LeBron, Miles Turner, and Kristaps Porzingis. Boy, that is a heavy hitter blockbuster trade. I think I'd rather have the first part. I I don't I'm not trying to trade Asar Thompson right now. Tatum is is great. Yeah. No. I think I'm keeping I think I'm keeping Tatum, Thompson, and and Durant. Yeah. I feel the same way. I I'm on that side for sure. You know, LeBron's been fantastic so far. It's just he looks like the same guy from the last few years, and you do wonder at some point, is he missing 15 to 20 games? Is that injury coming? You know, he's dealing with the calf thing of late. I actually thought LeBron looked better last night than he had at any point this year in terms of aggression, confidence, like some of the the shot making. Like, he was he looked like kind of, you know, 2015 LeBron, I thought at times, with with the the athleticism and the way that he was going at that grizzlies defense. So there's there's gonna be nights where, you know, he's a little more passive and and the age shows up. So I understand, you know, the appeal with LeBron, but, yeah, in a points league especially, I I think that's where Asar Thompson's gonna have a little bit more value long term. That's where, you know, the the 3 the lack of threes, the the free throw percentage aren't gonna hurt you. And Jalen Duran too. I mean, obviously, rebounds matter, in points leaks, and, you know, I I think that's what I want. Jayson Tatum is also the steadiest player in fantasy basketball, whereas Miles well, I mean, LeBron, Miles Turner, and Kristaps Porzingis all missed a ton of time. Right? So I think I think you have I think you have more upside with Thompson, Duran, and Tatum, and I also think you have a higher floor. So for me, that one's pretty easy. I think if you're gonna get into the business of trading a Sar Thompson, you trade him by himself, and you bring in a star player. And and, like, you really try and do you what kind of player do you think you can get in return or complement of players if you trade a Tsar Thompson by himself? That's a good question. I mean, it's it's so hard to say who might might just be available. I mean so you're saying because he's exciting right now. Like, the Right. We do you do have to consider that he could be a Right. We think he's steady, but that's also baked into his value in a trade is that somebody that's making a move on him doesn't think that they're getting fleeced, and so you could get a little bit more for him. Yeah. I mean, are we are we talking like, do you target someone like, like a Pascal Siakam? Yeah. And I mean, Siakam's coming off of another great game, and it seems like he's turned things around, but maybe somebody who was scared off by the early season struggles. I I still feel like I'd rather have a Sar Thompson, but that that sort of my point is that the fact that that's where we are, mentally with a Sar Thompson means it it might be a good sell high point. Yeah. I I think, you know, in general, I want to I wanna target, you know, guys who have that pedigree, who might be off to a slow start. You know, you're you're obviously selling high on Asar Thompson. You're probably buying low on someone like Siakam. So yeah. I I mean, I I'm I'm not saying for sure that Asar Thompson is gonna fall off at any point. Like, who knows? And right now, he's not an appealing player to trade, but certainly something that I would consider, just just given, you know, the fact that there would be kind of a buying frenzy on him. Alright. What about my guy? What about my guy, Paolo? Sure. Yeah. I'm fine with that. I I mean, I I think Paolo's played fine. I I think the the Fantasy ranking maybe doesn't quite reflect that. You know, the 3 point shooting is gonna be up and down, but, that's that's somebody that I would I would rather have at this point just for for the relative security. We got a question here on Mark Williams. Thoughts on Mark Williams? Clifford, is playing with his minutes too much. Do you think Miles Bridges impacts him when he's back? Yeah. The Miles Bridges question is huge. We should just address that in general. He could return as early as this this Friday. That's the Hornets' next game, and all indications are that that's going to be the case. You know, Steve Clifford even said, you know, he's gonna have a big role right away. They seem to be just kinda leaning headfirst into this. They play Friday Saturday in a back to back. And, it's tough to say right now because the Hornets have a ton of injuries. So we don't know if Terry Rozier, Gordon Hayward, Brandon Miller, any of those guys are gonna be available on Friday. So we might we might not get, like, a a perfect look at Miles Bridges' role right away. But, you know, in terms of Mark Williams specifically, it's like, in a roundabout way, his role could be affected because if we're if we're seeing more Miles Bridges at the 3 or the 4, maybe that means that we see more PJ Washington at the 5. So I I I think Miles Bridges you know, I I think there's, like, 3 or 4 players on this roster who he can ultimately impact. What say you? I wouldn't be so confident that Miles Bridges comes right back into the starting lineup. I think that's that's sort of where I'm at. He hasn't played basketball in a while, and, Steve Clifford is a hard nosed old school coach. You gotta earn your minutes back with a guy like that, and I think that's part of the reason why it can be frustrating for fantasy managers because you look at players that say, this guy's clearly better than that guy. I remember so vividly when he was coaching the Magic. It would drive Magic fans crazy because he would rather than trying to get Mo Bamba up to speed, which in hindsight now, it turns out he was completely right about Bamba. But at the time, you thought this was a a big with all this upside, and he kept playing Kim Birch over him. And it was it was maddening, but that's the kind of coach that he is. If you're not giving him production and you haven't earned your minutes, then you're not gonna be on the floor. Miles Bridges has to earn his way back, so I wouldn't freak out about it. Even though he's gonna make his way back. I I don't think it's gonna be that impactful right out of the gate. We're still talking about a player looking back at, 3 games ago. 24 rebounds against the Washington Wizards. I mean, that's not the kind of guy you wanna get away from too much. No. No. Not necessarily. I I kinda wish I would have had more Mark Williams, honestly, given the start that he's been off to. I didn't I didn't really love what I saw last year. I thought he he looked like a little slow, but he looks more athletic to me. He looks more confident early this season. And, you know, unfortunately, we got a question here from from Ant. You know, Nick Richards is somebody I've been streaming in a couple leagues, over the last couple of weeks. I think he's somebody that, you know, maybe not dropped fully from the rotation, but I I think we see his his impact muted a little bit going forward as well. And Ant asked you, if I have to drop one of these guys in a category league, would you drop BizPac by Ambo, Nick Richards, or Goga Butadze? The big three. The big I mean, it doesn't get much bigger than that if we're being honest. I mean, you're the Nick Richards guy, so I'll leave that one for you. Bismack's been playing some good basketball. Yeah. I think I'm I think I'm dropping Goga. I know our guy Ken Krites overspent for him and, you know, on on the fab, but Wendell Carter Junior should be making his way back relatively soon, at least within the next couple of weeks. I just don't think Goga is gonna give you that much more. And Moe Wagner, I think, has been playing so well. I wouldn't be surprised if they made that switch as well, in the starting lineup. Yeah. I've I've never been a huge Goga guy. I know some of the permanent numbers look okay going back to his days in in Indiana when it felt like he was, like, a game time call for every single game that he ever played. And, you know, Wendell Carter is not gonna be out that long. So I I never really was was all in on on Betancia. It's not like we're looking at, like, a 4 month injury here. I think he fooled people with the blocked shots in that first game right out of the gate. That's not really who he is. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. It was it was kind of the perfect scenario to to force people to overspend on him in Fab. Alright. We got a couple messages to to pass along, from some of our sponsors. If I can actually locate, the reads here, Brandon. I I got I believe in you. Yeah. Well, I'm gonna have to fold my screen down. This is embarrassing. We got too many monitors going here, but we got 3 great sponsors. Got a nice look at that Spalding notepad, though. Oh, nice. Very cool. Got that, got that from the NBA combine 1 year. We always love the NBA supporting us. Underdog Fantasy, Brandon, is the number one platform for best ball at DFS player pickup contest. If you have not tried Underdog yet, new users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100, and a free 6 month subscription to ROTAWire with promo code RWNBA. That's RWNBA. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use that promo code RWNBA to get a free ROTAWire subscription and deposit bonus. We're also brought to you by Vivid Seats. The NBA season's underway. In behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled rewards all season long. Plus, with their 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Go to vividseeds.com or download their app today. Use the promo code rotowire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's rotowire, r o t o w I r e, for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseeds.com. Vividseeds experience it live. Alright. What else we got from from last night, Brandon? I there's I would love to say that we could do like 20 minutes on the Webbyama versus Chet Showdown. Yeah. It was anything but. Not only did OKC run away with the game, they win by 36. That was really never all that competitive. You know, got out of hand in the Q3. But props to our guy, Alex Barutha. You know, on the the rotor wire NBA show on SiriusXM NBA radio last night, he handed out a Chet Holmgren to outscore Victor Webanyama bet at 2 to 1. And, yeah, didn't really cash it the way that we thought. Chet Holmgren, 9 points on 3 of 10 shooting. Victor Webanyama, 8 points on 4 of 15. Hey. A win is a win. That that was, I've noticed there there have been a lot of, disappointing moments really ever since we get that whiff of the phenom version of Victor Wembanyama when he went up against Kevin Durant, and it made all the headlines, and he had that monster stat line. We've seen Wembanyama in some other spots in prime time situations with the spotlight on him, and he hasn't really shown up. So I think I'm, officially out of the business of the Spurs being appointment television and when Binyama can kinda just become part of my league pass rotation with everybody else. There were there were there were better options last night to say the least. Yeah. It was too good to be true. You know? And this is this is something that's gonna happen with the Spurs. Right? I mean, they're they've been blown out a ton of times already, and, you know, Wabanuyama still has, like, 3 wow plays every night even on what felt like a a disaster night for him. He had a ton of he had 14 rebounds. He had, like, 6 in the first couple of minutes because there were so many missed shots here. But, unfortunately, not too many takeaways from that game specifically. Let's let's get back to the chat here. We got got some good questions coming in. Is Spencer Dinwiddie a must roster? This is interesting, Brandon, because on Monday, we had people asking us, is he a must drop? Right. And then he goes off against the Magic last night, and you wanna you know, now you wanna throw him onto the roster. I think that that was more of an outlier than a norm sort of performance. How much of that do you think was because of the time that Ben Simmons is is missing? And not not that Ben Simmons does a lot of scoring, but he does handle the ball quite a bit. Yeah. That's the thing. I mean and what what it concerned me with Dinwiddie prior to last night was that he had not put up good numbers with Ben Simmons out. And you're thinking, alright. I mean, if you can't if you're only giving us, like, 3 and a half assists per game without Ben Simmons, like, what is that gonna look like when he's back? And then, of course, you know, he goes for 29, 9, and 5 last night with 5 threes. But that's that's also kinda how it works with Dinwiddie. Right? Like, there's for for every 29 to 9 game, there's, like, 3, 12 and 3 games in there. So the guy scores 12 almost every night. And Cam Thomas was out last night too, so that's something to keep in mind for, Brooklyn. I don't think he's a must roster player. I I I roster him. If you're in, like, a 10 or a 12 team league, you know, becomes a little dicier. In a in a 12 team, I'd still I still want him on my roster. I want him as an app as an option. But, yeah, I I would say he's he's a must roster for me. He's not a must start. You know? I don't I don't think you're going to like, if you're in a league with 4 or 5 bench spots, you really have, like, 5 players around your league that are significantly better than Dinwiddie. And I also don't know if Ben Simmons is coming back anytime soon. Like this, we're talking about nerve irritation for a guy who's had a ton of back issues. I don't think this is like a 2 game injury. Yeah. Only Ben Simmons gets nerve irritation. You don't see that from anybody else. It's a very Ben Simmons injury. It really is. Yeah. It really is. Alright. What else do you have? Can I just mention in until further notice, if you bet the NBA, can you please just bet Pacers overs and don't overthink this? I mean, this team is captain consistency. They've played 11 games so far, Nick. Their overs are 101. It it it's a it's the biggest lock every night they play. It's just they they've done a really good job of making teams play the style of basketball that they wanna play, and they don't always win, but they are they're one of those teams. You talk about teams that we were wrong about. The Indiana Pacers are one of them. I thought they'd be a lot worse than this. This is a real basketball team, and and they're controlling pace every time they take the floor. They had their their best win of the year last night against 70 sixers. And that was that was the game where you just you kept waiting for Philly to to take control, and it it kinda win this one late. Like, you know, Tyrese Maxey had a huge, you know, crossover step back 3 that tied it late. You're like, alright. This might be the momentum swing, that that that finally gives Dilly this game. But Tyrese Halbert, man, is just so, so good. You know, the the lack of turnovers, you know, these last couple of games, he's just been unbelievable. 33, 15, and 7 last night. He's always good for a couple of steals. Gave you a block last night. 7 of 12 from beyond the arc. Yeah. I I didn't even think Indy played all that well. So it's not like they shot the lights out from 3 to get to 132. It was it it was a lot of Halliburton. You know, TJ McConnell gave them some good minutes off the bench, and then we saw, you know, the best game, maybe of his career for Bobby Toppin, 27.6 boards on 12 of 15 shooting. I think Tyrese Halliburton is right now at least in the conversation for MVP, which is, not not anywhere that that we would have thought he'd be, just based on how where we thought the Pacers were gonna be coming into the season, but he's on that shortlist. I don't think he's necessarily at Jokic, Jokic levels, but he's not far behind with the with the way this team's performing right now. And you're right. That win should start to put them on on a national radar. This is a really good team, and they're a lot of fun to watch. And for fantasy purposes, they're fantastic. Yeah. They're they're so much fun to watch. I mean, they're they're a completely different team with Haliburton. You know, we saw it last year too. Right? I mean, they were, like, a couple games over 500 with him. When he was out when he was not out there, they just they have nothing offensively. And, you know, the the I think the the lack of creation other other than Halliburton kind of makes them so dependent on him. But for Fantasy, you know, that's probably a good thing, as long as he could stay healthy. Question about the Clippers. What's the rest of season outlook on the clips? If you had to take a guess, Paul George does not look too affected by the Harden trade, though Kawhi is kinda struggling as I say by low opportunity, on Kawhi Leonard. And, our our question asker here, posits, could Asar Thompson get it done for Kawhi Leonard? Is that a deal you'd consider? Oh, Yeah. See, that's this is exactly what I'm talking about with the Sar Thompson. I I do think that the Kawhi Leonard owner would make that trade. And if you're confident that he can put together a Kawhi Leonard type season and not miss too much time, then you're gonna end up on the winning end of that. But there's reason for pessimism right now. James Harden has wrecked the, chemistry for this basketball team, and and I can't trust that Kawhi Leonard is gonna be somebody, that's gonna play more than 60 games in the season. So even though it's you you probably it's probably the sharper side to get Kawhi Leonard on your roster, I'm not sure I'd be willing to make that move right now. I'm not really concerned about Kawhi's recent struggles. You know, there's there's been some some bad signs. You know? There's some some audio the other night of him, like, screaming at Zubac mid game, which, like, it's Kawhi Leonard. That's alarming because Kawhi Leonard doesn't talk to anybody, let alone shouted his own teammates. I I I don't think he I I don't know that he was necessarily on board with the Harden thing. You know? I I he's always been a a passive personality, but it doesn't look like he's he loves how the Clippers are playing. He's been under 20 points in 3 of the last 4 games. Actually, 4 of the last 5 since James Harden joined the mix. So there there is reason for concern. And and Paul George, if you watch this team, certainly last night, like, he's the he looks like the alpha. Right? Like, he looks like the guy who you know, everything's running through him. He's far more aggressive. He was the guy taking and mostly missing the big shots last night. So I I understand the concern with Kawhi. The thing with with me is, like, even if Kawhi was playing well, you just, you know, you're just waiting for the injury. Right? You're waiting for that knee to act up. And all of a sudden, he's in and out, and he's missing back to backs. And, you know, we we just go through this with Kawhi every year. But but I I think the more interesting part of this is, you know, would you trade a Sar Thompson form? Is it worth that risk? I don't think I would, and I I I I think right now and this isn't just based off of 1 or 2 games. This is now we're going on a few weeks of the NBA season. Asar Thompson, statistically, has been the better defensive player, which is crazy to say because Kawhi Leonard, as far as an on ball defender, is one of the world's best, but the statistics just aren't there. When you compare it to what Asar Thompson is giving you, it just looks so sustainable. What I'm watching from Thompson does not feel fluky. He looks like he belongs, and that's just not a guy that you're gonna have to blow me away in a trade. Name wise, you win with Kawhi Leonard, but I don't think it would pay off in the end, and I think you could do better. Yeah. I would try to do better. I don't, actually, I don't hate trying to get Kawhi just because you said name wise, it's like, you know, Kawhi, if he if he plays even 60 games, it's probably worth it. You probably out out produces a Saar Thompson. But, yeah, I would go for someone who's got a little bit more security, not in terms of stat upside, but in terms of games played upside. Yeah. I want somebody who I feel better about getting to 70 or even, you know, 72, 75 games. Free kick. Buy low. That I feel like that's buying high on on Kawhi Leonard if you make that kind of move. He he is he would be considered a buy low candidate, so see if you can get him on the cheap. Freaky, we always appreciate jumping in the stream. He asks, what's the stream for the warriors with Steph Curry out and Draymond likely suspended? Yeah. Draymond, I I think, is probably getting a couple games here. Yeah. These these suspensions always come in lighter than you'd expect as far as, like, putting a player to choke hold goes. Like, I I don't think Draymond's getting, like, a fantastic for that? Yeah. Well, it is Draymond. So, you know, if they take into account, you know, his history, maybe we see a few more games, but I would guess what? 2 or 3 games for Draymond? And I was gonna say 5 max. 5 would be the max. And what we said earlier with with Steph, you know, I think they're gonna take him game to game. Would not be surprised, you know, if this ends up being more of a week to week thing when you're talking about a d spring. We'll see. I mean, Clay could get a game or 2 as well, so there's there's going to be opportunity if you're in daily lineup leagues. I mean, are you if you have the opportunity to to add Brandon Podgemski, you know, is is this something that you would consider, for the rest of the week? Warriors I'm gonna do it. Yeah. Warriors coming tomorrow and Saturday against OKC. I'm gonna I would do it, but, you know, don't obviously keep your expectations at a proper level. I think in terms of who we would expect to see I mean, Moses Moody at some point, this is this is your time to shine, man. Like, if you're not gonna pop off here, then I just don't think it's gonna happen for you. So it should be Moses Moody, but, yeah, I mean, I would take a shot on Paczynski. I mean, based on what we saw last night, I I do think there's gonna be, like, a a serious regression. Like, I I don't know how closely you were watching that game, Brandon. I I had that one on one of the TVs, and some some of these shots were, you know, kinda miracle type of plays. You know? Again, a a high, you know, floater and one over Rudy Gobert that is just like, alright. I'd like to see you make that one again. Yeah. Like we said, the the banked in 3 to end the Q3. Like, there was there was a little bit of, kind of magic behind that game. So I I don't think you can just expect Pachevski to give you 20 plus every night. You know, in terms of streamers, it's like, I guess the most the next most obvious name would be Andrew Wiggins, but that's pretty tough one to stomach right now. I I wouldn't be rushing to grab him. You know, Dario Saric had that 21 last night. He took 11 threes, got to the line 6 times. He had some rebounds, gave you a couple steals. So, you know, if if I I think he'd be the the kind of obvious replacement for for Draymond Green. Like, if you're if you're looking to specifically replace him in a daily lineup league for the next two games, maybe just grab Dario Sarra. He's probably gonna play 30 minutes and just hope for the best. Yeah. He seems to be the the go to starter in this sort of situation. But in terms of how closely I watch the game, if it starts at 10 o'clock at night, I'm watching the highlights and reading the box score. 10 o'clock EST. I have a 4 year old, and he does not care that I wanna stay up and watch NBA games. Good question here from, from one of our pals. What about Jonathan Kaminga asked Kenneth? We we didn't touch on Kaminga. I I love the idea of Kaminga and, you know, last night should have been a big opportunity. He only played 16 minutes, which was kind of strange with no Klay, no Steph, no Draymond. You know, prior to that, he he's had a decent run. He scored, you know, double digits in 7 straight games. But, you know, even even in what have been considered as better games this year, like, he's not rebounding at all. He has 5 assists total in his last 8 games. The defensive numbers haven't really been there. He is getting to the line a bunch, and he shoot almost 80%, so there is that. But I just I don't have a ton of interest in him. Like, even even when he plays well, it feels like it's kinda just scoring. Yeah. He's he's still such a raw player, and you can see just based on the the opportunities that he should be given just, based on his draft status. You're talking about a guy that was taken inside of the top 10 just 2 years ago. Steve Kerr doesn't trust him, and he still has not refined his game enough. Moses Moody is dealing with something similar. The only reason why I say trust Moody a little bit more is because he could shoot he can shoot from the outside, and that's not part of Jonathan Kuminga's game. So I, I I just don't think Kuminga really fits into the flow of the offense all that well. It's a little bit square peg round hole for me. Yep. Yep. I I feel the same way there. Alright. We got a message from rival fantasy. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale, Jade McDaniels versus Klay Thompson. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries to make the game more fun and to give fans the storylines that raise the stakes every time those players beat on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player matchup and head to head debate could be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you could play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rotoWire. Right now, you'll get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now, before we get too deep in the NBA season. That's joinrival.com/rotoWire. It's time to step up to the challenge on Rival Fantasy. We will see you in the arena. Alright. Nick Whelan, Brandon Kravitz here with you, taking some listener questions as we move through the pod. Derek Lively, rest of season outlook. And we we have a a second question here. Will Scoot redeem himself when he comes back? So let's, let's start with Derek Lively, Brandon. Not somebody who I have rostered on a ton of teams. I I know there was some preseason hype and, you know, for the most part, he's he's looked pretty good. Like, I I watched him a lot at Duke last year. You know, this is a guy who at one point was the number one overall player in his high school class, and I just I didn't love what I saw. I mean, he certainly didn't look the part of a a number one overall recruit, you know, kind of more of an an energy type of player. But right now, you know, you're you're targeting him for the field goal percentage, which is up over 70%, and and you're looking for the blocks. He has at least one block in all but one game this season. Ironically, last night against New Orleans was the first time he did not record a block. For the most part, though, it's been, like, you know, one single block per game, which is still valuable. You know, the rebounds have been a little bit more up and down. But but where do you stand on Derek Lively? Is is he, you know, a guy who is a sustainable starter, gonna be, you know, playing 20 to 25 minutes most nights? I think he is. This is exactly the kind of guy the Mavericks have been looking for for years, and I think that's why you're seeing him produce right out of the gate. This is the type of player that they've been wanting to pair with Luca, somebody who can rim run, play some defense, and, they want they want a big with athleticism because Luke is gonna put guys like that in positions to succeed. They've been struggling to find that player, and, and I think Derek Lively might might even though he's young, he's still the best version that they've had in years. What was it? JaVale McGee? I think they had, like, spurts with where they would find guys that could play that sort of role, but I think Derek Lively's game is more well rounded than anything that they've utilized in in Lucas' short career. So let's go to part 2 here. Will Scoot Henderson redeem himself when he comes back? I to some degree, I think he will. I don't think it's gonna be as bad as it was before the injury, but, you know, the last thing he needed was to, you know, miss a couple of weeks here and, you know, be dealing with an ankle. We'll we'll see how long that lingers or when he's back in the lineup. Probably gonna be at least another week, if not longer till we see him. You know, I I don't think, you know, know, we're gonna look back in March and Scoot Henderson is still averaging, like, 9 points and and 4 assists and 4 turnovers per game. I I think it's going to get better. The question is, is it better to the point where you're actually putting him in a fantasy lineup? I don't know, man. Again, I I he's somebody I'd probably be willing to trade. Like, I I I think even if the numbers improve, he's probably he's gonna be better at points leagues. He's gonna be you know, I think some of those plays will be more translatable to, like, real life value as opposed to Fantasy. Like, even even, like, the the the rookie guards who have, like, the best rookie guard seasons, they don't tend to rank that high in Fantasy. Yeah. His his best days are in front of him, which is easy to say because he hasn't done anything yet. I am still gonna hold on Scoot Henderson. I don't personally think you can trade him. You would get absolutely nothing in return because he's shown nothing. If you if you drafted him, you know what you were looking for. He hasn't shown a glimpse of it yet in NBA regular season action. It's gonna come. At some point, he's gonna put together a couple of games that absolutely wow you. You might just have to wait for it. So it I think it I don't think you can trade him unless he's a throw in and add on to a deal. He can't be the the core of it. And I'm not I'm just personally not willing to throw him on the waiver wire. If you have to do it, you know, I understand. But at this point in the season, you should be comfortable just keeping him on your bench. Good question here from, Supremacy. He asked, who do you think is going to be the shade of this season? Someone who just smashes their ADP? Could it be Scottie Barnes? Could it be Tyrese Maxey? Could it be somebody else? Obviously, Barnes and Maxey are are already Those are good options. Yeah. They're they're they're in that conversation this season. And, for reference, the the ADP for for SGA last year, it's kinda all over the place depending on where you look. You know, ESPN, he was going considerably higher, but, you know, for the most part across, like, CBS, Yahoo, underdog, he was going around pick like 30 to 35. So, you know, we're we're talking about somebody who, you know, was maybe drafted in the the second, 3rd, 4th round who could finish as a first round value. Yeah. I I think Maxey Maxey is the the most obvious one right now, and I I think what he's doing is pretty sustainable. Now if the sixers were to trade for Zach LaVine or, you know, bring in somebody of that caliber, maybe that changes things, that lowers his upside a little bit. But out outside of those 2, is there anybody else who who comes to mind? I mean, Jed Holmgren ranks at the top 20 right now in ACAT. I I think he could be somebody. Yeah. And we've mentioned to Saar Thompson a bunch of times, and he's not gonna give you the scoring upside that some of those other guys are that we've talked about, but I still think just overall fantasy value. He's somebody that's that's really impressed early on. I'm trying to find somebody else. I'm looking down the list of the rankings, and most of the guys that are performing were relatively expected to do so. So I think that you already nailed it, there on the question. I think those are the guys that have the best opportunity, unless there's somebody that's just gonna come off the top rope out of nowhere. It looks like it's Tyrese Maxey. It's Scottie Barnes, and then in a different sort of way, a Saar Thompson. Those seem to be the most pleasant surprises. And and if we were to redraft today, their ADPs would be so much higher than they were going into draft season. Yeah. It's tough to find somebody else who has, like, SGA level upside. I mean, you have to have such a solid stat profile. Right? Like and and even Sarr Thompson, it's like even in a best case, like, he's Right. Like, the percentages are gonna keep him down. You know, the he's only scoring 12 points per game. You know? So it's like he has you know, he's gonna But his ADP was so was so ridiculously low. So it's all it's based on relative to expectation coming in. Yeah. No question. No question. I mean, he could finish 80 spots ahead of his ADP. So for sure, I just you know, he doesn't have 1st round upside necessarily, the rest of the way. Let's see who is droppable of this group. He's gotta make room for Devin Booker joining his roster in a 9 cat league. We should've met you, by the way, Devin Booker, Brad Beal, Kevin Durant, all 3 expected to do the unthinkable and play tonight, against the Minnesota Timberwolves. Yeah. So Yousef Yousef needs to drop one of these 3 players, Dyson Daniels, Alec Burks, or KCP. Well, I've already dropped KCP in, in a league, so I guess I would have to stay true to, what I'm doing here on my end. I think Contavious Caldwell Pope would be my would be my pick there. Just not really filling up the stat sheet like he was early in the season. Yeah. I mean, I I see the name Alperks, and I'm just like, I don't know. I mean, every, every fantasy basketball player goes through the Al Burke's phase where he spends a couple of weeks on your roster. And, you know, it's it's been good of lates. I, I, I just, I just worry about the variations with this piston's rotation. You know, they're like, Jaden Ivey played 20 minutes last night, still found a way for Burks to play 20 plus. Like, I, I just, you know, like when Bogdanovich comes back, when, if Joe Harris, you know, ever joins the rotation, like those are both guys who could kind of marginalize him. So, yeah, it's tough. I mean, and and dice at Daniels, like, I, I I like the player a lot. I, you know, I think he kinda got robbed of of his rookie season, you know, with the injury. He didn't get to play all that much. You you're you're basically just targeting the the steals and the assists with him. Mhmm. I I think when CJ McCollum comes back, whenever that may be, and and even Jose Alvarado is gonna have a say in this rotation. Like, I I think that we could see Dyson Daniels take a step back. So, frankly, I I don't know that you're gonna, like, have major regret dropping any of those guys. Exactly. Yeah. With KCP, I I kinda like holding him just because he plays a ton of minutes. You know, I have those nights where he gets you, like, 4 or 5 threes. It gets you steals. It just hasn't happened. You know, this is a guy. I actually went and picked him up off the waiver wire Yeah. A a couple weeks ago, and he's done nothing. He had 1 15 point game, so far in about the last month of play. He's had 510 in his last two games. Hasn't made more than 3 threes at any point this month. We're just and he doesn't give you anything else. That's his entire game. So if I'm not getting threes from Kandavius Caldwell Pope, I'm just not interested. Fair enough. Fair enough. Alright. Let's hit a couple more, and then we'll be out of here. Is Ben Simmons a drop? This is a 14 team category league. You know, obviously the the the question asker cites the the recent development with the nerve issue in the back. And I mean, I don't I don't draft Ben Simmons anywhere. He's been on my do not draft list for a couple of years. This is just not something I've had to grapple with, but it's a fair question. And, you know, in a 14 team league, like if you have if you have an IR spot, maybe you just throw them in there. I just I don't know. I don't see this turning out well. You know? I I don't I don't think a month from now, Ben Simmons is, you know, you know, putting up 12 points, 9 rebounds, and 6 assists every single night. So what do you what do you think? My general rule of thumb when dropping a player is is somebody else in my league immediately gonna try and add them? Because if that's the case, then you're better off just trying to get a trade done, or you might be making a mistake. I don't think Ben Simmons is an immediate add, so I would say, yeah, you can drop him. Yeah. I'm I'm pretty comfortable with that. I don't I don't think you're gonna get burned is the way I would put it. It's like, you know, worst case scenario, he just kinda goes back to giving you, like, borderline top 100 production. So if you got to do something This isn't gonna backfire on you. No. No. I have Cam Johnson in my league. Should I pick up? So I guess the question is, should you pick up Cam Johnson? If if he's available? Yeah. I mean, unless you're in a super shallow league, I would pick up Cam Johnson. Trade question from Jose. Should I trade LeBron and Balanchunis for Barnes and Siakam in a 9 cat league? I say yes. Yeah. I think I would I would rather have the Barnes and Siakam tandem. Yeah. I mean, Barnes has been the best player of the of the 4 so far. You're buying low on Siakam. You know, we talked earlier about LeBron and and the injuries the last few years, and you always have to worry about that. And, you know, Valjounis is fine, but, ultimately, I I think there's there's more upside with the 2 Raptors guys. Yeah. And you're playing low on Siakam, but also Siakam with signs of life. You know? That was my concern about a week ago when we had this conversation was that we just hadn't seen anything. And so you were wondering if it if it had all gone away or if they were gonna move off of him. But Scottie Barnes, you know, he came back down to earth a little bit, but he's still filling up the stat sheet. And now you're seeing Siakam, really start to score the ball well. So I like what I'm seeing from both those guys. Alright. Another good question here on on Zach LaVine, who was, you know, at the champions classic last night hanging out with Rich Paul, just doing the tip the typical, like, post trade request. I'm out there. Yeah. Everybody wants to to, you know, be public here. If LaVine gets traded, will his fantasy outlook be better than it is on the bulls? For example, what if he went to the Lakers or the Heat or the Sixers? In terms of team context, I would say yes. I mean, the bulls are dead last in pace. They're just a terrible offensive team. You know, LaVine just kinda looks like he's he's stuck in the mud. So I I I think in terms of, like, a a just pure basketball situation, like, almost any team would be an upgrade. But, obviously, he goes from kind of the code number 1 in Chicago to you know, if he goes to the Lakers, he's he's the number 3 option. If he goes to the Heat, kinda number 2 ish, I guess, you know, depending on how you value Bam. Yeah. Sixers the Sixers to be I mean, it would be fun. Like, I I get it. It would wreck Tyrese Maxey's value. I don't I don't want him to go to Philly because I I think that's gonna throw cold water on Maxey. Yeah. I well, I I read a report yesterday. I don't know if it was a report or a rumor, so excuse me there. But it was, it was from a Philly beat writer that said Philadelphia is unlikely to make this move because they're really happy with the depth that they have. So I would be surprised if the Sixers made a trade like this when they already have somebody that plays that sort of a role in their offense. And, yeah, they're hot right now, so they don't have any sort of impetus to make a trade like this. I think it's the heat, and and and in terms of in real life, it would help them a lot. Yeah. And in fantasy, I think in terms of those three options, it would be the best for Zach LaVine because he wouldn't be the number 3 guy or in the shadows of Joel Embiid. He would be the number 2 to, Jimmy Butler in that offense and would basically be like a high definition version of what Tyler Herro is giving you. So I love that for fantasy and reality. Reality wise, though, I'm just gonna would be go hero would be on the way to, to Chicago. He he would be part of that trade. Guaranteed. I think so. Yeah. I mean, is is LaVine that big of an upgrade over hero? Yes. I think he is. Tyler Hero is not a not a true three level score. Zach LaVine is. I was looking at some of his numbers yesterday. Catch and shoot 42% from 3 point range. Annie can get to the basket, and he's a better defender than Tyler Herro, which you can say about almost anybody. Mhmm. I think he is. And now he's also way more expensive, but if you're just looking about looking at it from a basketball lens, I think Zach LaVine is a is a pretty significant upgrade. I think that's fair. I think that's fair. Trade question here from Amin. Franz and Lopez for Garland and Looney. Which side would you rather have? I would much rather have Franz and Brook Lopez. I think I would do the same. Yeah. Lopez has been off to somewhat of a slow start, but, I mean, Looney Looney ranks behind him so far. You're kinda just targeting the rebounds with Looney. So to me, it comes down to who would you rather have between Garland and Franz. And, you know, Garland has has been the better player in Fantasy so far. But I I think the the upgrade of the upgrade of Lopez over Looney to me would would slightly push me in favor of the the Franz and Lopez side. But this is this is a fair deal. It's a fair deal. I mean, I I like Darius Garland, and I think he's probably gonna rank higher than he currently does, which is, like, mid fifties. You know, he probably pushes into the thirties or forties at least. So so fair question. It's a points league if that matters. Yeah. And Cleveland has not been playing all that well. I would imagine that tonight, we're to see an upgraded stat line from Darius Garland. They're playing the Portland Trail Blazers. That tends to be a nice slump buster situation. But Franz, you know, we talked about it earlier. This is steady Eddie in fantasy, so you kinda you need those guys on your roster. You know exactly what you're gonna get. And the, I think the variety of production you're getting from Brook Lopez far outweighs that of Kevon Looney. Great question here from Ant. MMA fight. Who do you put your money on? Drey Bond or Gobert? I think Gobert is just a little bit too, lanky and awkward. Like, I think he could be caught out of position pretty easily. Draymond Green is is as feisty as it gets. So just based on attitude, and and I worry about the, right hook of Gobert taking too long to, to meet its mark. I think I'd go with Draymond. And, you know, he'd be a dirty fighter too. Oh, yeah. Well, see, I don't watch MMA. That's like my that's the bottom of the barrel for me in terms of sports that I care about. So I don't I don't know, like, really what the rules are. If the rules are are pretty relaxed, then absolutely, Draymond. Like, are are you allowed to use weapons? Are you allowed to choke people out? What whatever the case You choke people out, but you can't use a weapon. Yeah. I actually I actually think Gobert is probably tougher than he gets credit for. Yeah. I think he's kinda been dragged through the mud in a lot of ways. I think he put up a fight. He's got the length. You know, he's got the reach. But, no, I and Draymond might be number 1 in the league. Right? I mean, is James Johnson still in the NBA? If if he's not, like, you don't wanna you don't wanna be matching up with Draymond. I thought it sounds like fighting a grizzly bear, man. He's got the he's got the girth. He's got the aggression. I don't know. I think I I think I would take Jae Crowder over anybody. Well, Jake Crowder's hurt. So he you know, right now, he's he's out of the equation. We'll have to wait on on his prize fight. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Another good would you rather here. Well, you know, I assume it's a trade question, but we'll just say, would you rather roster Jimmy Butler and Mark Williams or Paul George and Alper and Shangoon going forward? 9 category league. Oh, like both sides here, so this is not easy. But I think I like Paul George a little bit more than Jimmy Butler. Yeah. And I definitely I think right now, Mark Williams is out playing Sangoon, but I think I'd rather have Paul George and Alperin Shangoon. Yep. Me too. You still worry a little bit about the sustainability of Paul George just with how bad the Clippers have looked with Harden, but it hasn't affected him so far. And to me, like, Sangoon versus Mark Williams, that is a very clear mark in favor of Shangoon. And the the turnovers haven't really been that bad for him. Like, I know that's been an issue. He's been a high turnover player per minute in the past. He's only at, like, 2 per game right now. So the the 9 category thing is, it's just not that big of a deal for me. So, yeah, I would lean I would lead George and Shangoon. We got an all caps question here. Would you trade Reeves for Rozier? No. I would not. I'd rather have Austin Reeves. I know we haven't quite seen it all put together yet, but better days are ahead for Austin Reeves. Towns for Harden and Nurkic. Our our friend z says he received this offer. What do you think? No. I'm I'm holding on to Kat in that situation. Yeah. Yeah. It's I I I like, James Harden is still a great fan. Much faith in James Harden still. Well, I I mean, I don't think James Harden is is gonna win the Clippers the title here. I I'm not worried about that. But, you know, like, it feels like he's played like, it's been a disaster. Right? He's played 5 games. They've lost all 5. They look clunky, and yet he's still, like, 45th in fantasy. Like, he's beating his ADP as far as where he was going right at the end of draft season. And he's averaging 15 points, 4 rebounds, 4 assists. Like, he's he's still a like, he has a missed a free throw. He's still a cheat code there. The field goal percentage is good. He's giving you 2 threes a game. Like, it's I actually think this is a pretty fair question. I I I would rather have Towns, you know, the the Nurkic thing to me is, like, it's almost more like Towns or Harden straight up, you know, including Nurkic in there. Like, if you if if you're if you're light at center and, like, you need a center eligible player, I actually think this is an okay deal to do because Harden doesn't really miss time for the most part. He's been very, very durable, and he he's always been a better fantasy player than than he is a a real life player, which is saying a lot. He's he's a pretty good real life player. So I actually think this is one you have to think about. To me, it just comes down to how much help do you need at the center spot. Alright. We'll hit 2 or 3 more, then be out of here. Would you trade Cade Cunningham for Kauai in a 9 category league? No. I'd rather have Cade Cunningham. I think I'd rather have Cade as well. I mean, the thing is he's turning the ball over a ton. It's like it's kinda it's kind of a a false number here, but he ranks outside the top 200 in 9 cat because of the 5 turnovers per game combined with the 40% from the field. So I I understand it. You know, Kawhi ranks like a 170 spots ahead of him right now. He's only turning the ball over 1.7 times per game. Obviously, the percentages are better. If you if you're somebody who's willing to take the risk on Kawhi just, you know, playing 50 games, then, yeah, this makes sense. Like, per game in a 9 category league, Kawhi's better. I I would just rather have the guy that I think could play 75 games versus the guy who could play 55. Yeah. And we and I still think there are better days ahead for Kate Cunningham. We haven't really seen him put it all together this year. He's an ascending player. Kawhi is descending at the moment, and, just don't think he's filling up the stat sheet like we're used to seeing. So, you know, maybe egg on my face in the future for doubting Kawhi, but I've been pretty low on him over the last hour of this pod. I have Skyler Mays, Jeremy Grant, and Deandre Ayton, and Bilal Quli. Are any of them worth dropping for this says Cam Thompson. I assume it's Cam Cam Thomas or I would think Cam Thomas. I think it would be Cam Thomas. That audit that feels like a Johnson. That feels like a Thomas autocorrect. Yeah. I look. I'm not really that big at Kula Bali, fantasy wise. I I know he's, you know, we've seen some flashes. I I still think he's, like, just wildly raw. Like, one of the rawest prospects that we've ever seen drafted in the lottery. You know, you'll get some rebounds. You'll get some defensive numbers. He's got 7 steals over the last 2 games. So that's that's ultimately what you're chasing, but, you you know, he's gonna be like a 50% guy at the free throw line. I think the the percentages are gonna be all over the place. The 3 point shooting has actually been pretty decent so far, but, you know, we'll see where that goes in the long term. You know, cool Volley to me is is somebody who's if if you have the roster spot, kind of a fun guy to have. I I just I don't I'm not really high on him. And, if it's Cam if it's Cam Johnson, I'd rather have him than than Koulibali. No question. If it's Cam Thomas, that becomes maybe a little more complicated. I'm just wondering why you have so many blazers on your team. You know? I think we need to share the wealth here. Yeah. Right? Skyler Mays has looked really good, by the way. Yes. He has. And I I think as long as Brogdon and Scooter are out, that's that's gonna continue. You know, we're obviously gonna be a few more weeks, without Anthony Simons as well. Alright. 2 more, then we're cutting it off. I got a trade proposal. Dennis Schroder for Jordan Poole in a 14 team category league. Yes. Yeah. I think I'd I think I'd rather have Dennis Schroder at this point. I am I am all the way out on Jordan Poole. I I think that's fair, man. I mean, Schroder Schroder ranks 85th right now. 32 minutes a game. You know, significantly more efficient than Jordan Poole. He was playing more minutes consistently. Obviously, a better producer of assists. He's giving you a steal per game. I I don't think that really changes. You know, barring barring something unforeseen with Toronto, like a big roster shakeup where they bring in a better point guard, which I just I don't see that being the case. I I think they're pretty content with Scottie Barnes and Dennis Schroeder doing the ball handling. Yep. He's he's he's found a very clear role in that offense, and Jordan Poole is lost right now, and I don't see that situation improving anytime soon. So give me the proven commodity over somebody who looks to be circling the drain. Mhmm. Alright. This is a good one to end on. What do we expect from Shaden Sharp? Will he remain in this spot after they are healthy as a team? I love Shaden Sharp, one of my favorite players to watch, just a a freak athlete, one of the smoothest athletes in the NBA. He's been on a nice run of late. He's he's played 40 plus minutes now in 6 straight games. He's averaging 42 minutes per game over the last 6. 20 points, 5 rebounds, 4 assists, and a steal. You know, high volume 3 point shooter tends to give you 2 or 3 per game there. It's just like I he's not gonna play 40 plus minutes. Right? Like, we have to be realistic about that first and foremost. I still think he's a big part of this rotation, but you can't really underestimate, you know, how much production and how many minutes they're missing right now with Prognan, who was playing pretty well. Simons, who's gonna be a, you know, 35 to 38 minute guy when he's healthy, and then Scoot Henderson who you know, this is a it's ultimately a rebuilding year for Portland. Like, they're they're gonna give him opportunities. They wanna develop him. So I I still like Shane Sharp. I I still think he'll be rosterable, but, no, I I don't I don't think his current production if we if we isolate these last 6 games, I don't see him being a 25 and 4 guy the rest of the way. I think you gotta expect some, you know, some regression there. Yeah. Production might take a dip, but I think the efficiency could be there. They're not gonna get away from shade on Sharp. He is part of the rebuilding process for the Portland Trail Blazers. So even with those guys coming back, he'll always have a role this season, just based on where they are in in their rebuild. So he's somebody I'm really excited about. And we and there's no there is no certainty when especially when you talk about teams that have no interest in winning basketball games, there's no certainty that good players return to the lineup, and and Portland is maybe at the top of that list right now. Alright, guys. We gotta cut it off here. Still getting some good questions in the chat. We apologize for for not hitting the the more recent ones, but we will be doing this every Wednesday at 10:30 AM EST. So, you know, if if that's a good time for you, hop in. Yeah. We'll we're happy to answer all your questions. You can find the archived version of this on our YouTube channel. You can always find us on the Road to Wire NBA Twitter account as well. Please like, subscribe to the YouTube channel. That is huge for us as we try to grow this thing. I also do this basically the same pod with Alex Barutha, on Monday afternoons. If you got questions there, we'll have Rick Kamla and Steve, doctor a Alexander coming at you guys tomorrow morning, and then Kent, Shannon, and Alex doing their waiver wire show on Friday. So Monday through Friday, you could find this podcast on our YouTube channel, find it on our socials, and you can listen to it in traditional podcast form as well wherever you get your podcast. So, for Brandon Kravitz, I'm Nick Whale. We thank all you guys for listening. We'll be back next Wednesday.