Hey, everybody. I'm Steve Alexander, doctor a. Welcome to the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by Underdog Fantasy and FanDuel. It's Tuesday, January 23rd. I'm Doc. He's off. We're gonna have a lot of news to cover. There's a late breaking trade that just happened. You may have heard something about Joel Embiid. Let's do it. Rafael. What's up, man? Welcome back to the to the attic. It's been a while. Yeah. It has. Thank you for having me, you know, looking forward to it. Be honest with you. It's been a while since we spoken. So we got a lot to talk about apparently. So I guess so. I I doubt we get to everything that's on the, the agenda for the day. But, for those of you who don't know, Ralph and I worked together for years at at NBC Sports. He's still there doing his thing. You can follow him on Twitter. I think it's at rafaelj? Yes. Yeah, man. I I I miss you and, especially miss your lawn crew on Friday afternoons. Yeah. Yeah. Wait. We don't have to deal with them anymore, unfortunately. So yeah. Alright. Well, let's get to it. Ralph, I I awoke from a slumber a little while ago and saw a trade alert on my phone. The Miami Heat have acquired Terry Rozier from the Hornets for Kyle Lowry, my favorite player, and a, 20 27 first round pick. And then I saw an update from Loews that, Charlotte is not done yet. They're gonna just try to compile as many future assets as they can for this trade deadline. Yeah. It's, I think from Charlotte's point of view, it's all about the draft assets. They're not going anywhere anytime soon. I think it would help whether we're talking, like, the build of their franchise or even fantasy basketball. There are some clarity on Mark Williams. He's been out for Lord knows how long with a back injury. Don't really know how long he's gonna be out for. And given how well he was playing before the injury, he looks like a key cog in their rebuild. So you kind of wanna know what what you're dealing with there. I think at this point, I think LaMelo Ball and Brandon Miller are probably the 2 locks for their their rebuild right now, but that William's question kinda lingers. I think Rozier, obviously, we can talk about him a bit more in-depth. I think that's a big move for Miami. They weren't getting much out of Kyle Lowry. He'll help with his spacing. He's in the midst of a career year in terms of points per game. So I'm looking forward to see how that fits because they clearly need to make an upgrade at the point card position, and I think they've done it. Do you think, you think Terry Rozio's numbers take a hit? Maybe a little bit. You know, he's averaging a little over 23 points per game. You know, you might take a slight hit there and maybe the assist as well, 6.6 per game, just because you have other playmakers there, but I think we'll be able to make up for it in other areas. Like, the catch and shoot numbers weren't good in Charlotte. I think they'll be better playing with Jimmy and Bam and Tyler Herron in Miami. So it'll take a slight hit, but I don't think it's gonna be anything for Fantasy managers to be too concerned about. Boom. Yeah. I kind of agree. I think he'll take a slight hit, but not enough that that Fantasy managers can panic or really do anything about it. It's not like you're gonna run out and try to trade Terry Rozier right now probably. But, yeah, it'll be interest I think it makes the Heat a better team. I mean, the Heat are already really good. It it, you know, they weren't getting a lot from 38 year old Kyle Lowry or how how however old he is. He's here 36 to 38. He's old. So having Rajeet in there really makes him a better basketball team, which I think is the key there. Maybe this hurts Tyler Herro just a little bit. I don't know. Yeah. I don't think there's could've been a lot worse for for everyone involved. I think Rozier comes out of it okay. I think everybody on the Heat comes out of it okay. It gives them another body to play with when Jimmy Butler takes 2 days off every week. So that'll help too. Alright, Ralph. Moving on to last night, did you get to watch Joel Embiid play basketball last night? Yes. Yes. I did. Watched the whole thing. Do you know who was calling that game? It was Spiro Ditas. 3 d was on the sideline. Who was the guy? Who was the color guy that kept saying cooking? He's getting ready to cook. Yeah. Because I was watching the, the Sixers feed. So I don't know. I know it was an NBA TV game as well. So I don't know who's calling up for them. Yeah. Somehow I ended up on the NBA TV feed, and the dude kept saying, oh, get ready. Embiid's gonna start cooking. And he did some form of the word cook, like, 15 to 20 times while we were watching. My wife finally goes, who is that? Why is he talking about cooking so much? MB finished with 70 points, 18 rebounds. We'll add that 41 to get in there. 18 rebounds, 5 assists, a steal, a block, hit 20 of 24 of 41 shots, 21 of 21, 21 of 23 free throws, scored more points than anybody ever has in a sixers uniform passing Wilt Chamberlain. The only other guy that ever had a 70 15 5 game that I know of is Michael Jordan. So, Embiid was just abusing Wamin'nyama. He's using the entire Spurs team. Seemed like every shot he took was from a free throw line. Yeah. Just that little pop, that little mid range pop, and it was just it was money. It was butter. Yeah. Yeah. It was it was pretty ridiculous. He had a feeling he was in for a big night when he asked Rade Popovich before the game, what his defensive strategy was, and he really didn't have an answer. It was like, you want me to sit up here and lie to you? They didn't have an answer as you noted that 15 footer was was money all night. You know, the first ever 17, 8 7018 and 5 line in NBA history. It's it was absurd what he did and it's Victor. When banyama had a good night to, I think he scored what like 33 or something like that. I played well. Just that guarding Joel embiid is above his pay grade right now and pretty much no one in the league can really stop him. So, yeah, it was just funny to see some Sixers players getting booed for taking open shots during the Q4 when Joe hadn't reached 70, but, I'm sure they'll clean that up. Well, my son was sitting there and he wanted he wanted to see 81. He said, what are you doing? Like tire or I think it was, was it a Kenya Martin? Daniel House took 1. House took 1. Everybody got so mad. Soren got mad. Everybody's yelling at the TV like, oh, and, you know, it seemed like they took forever to get him back in the game. But other thoughts on Embiid, the January that he's having right now is just stupid. 40.3 points, 11 rebounds, 5.4 assists, 1.1 steals, 1.6 blocks. He's shooting 54, 41, and the 87. The 87 from the line is huge because he's going to the line Mhmm. You know, 20 to 25 times every night. People are are like, it's not fair. He shouldn't be shooting that many times, but Giannis does it too. Giannis only makes half of them though. So that's the difference. Sixers are 6 and 1 during the stretch. I mean, is this the greatest month in the history of Fantasy Hoops that we've ever seen a player have? It's up there for sure. And it's funny that he was really good in December too, but I think a lot of those games were against, like, the Pistons and Wizards. So it's kinda like, okay. Maybe if the schedule strengthens up a bit, you know, the numbers may go down. He's just kept on rolling. I think the only thing that would probably stop him from another MVP is the game's limit. I don't know if he's gonna be able to play 65 games. If he does, you'd be hard pressed to find a better MVP candidate because that team's been improved as well. So you get the team success, the individual success. It's all there. It's just a question of whether or not he hits 65 games. Yeah. Another thought that ran through my head as I was watching that game is what is Pop doing? And and and that runs through my head every single time I watch the Spurs play basketball this year. Like, is he tanking? Is he trying? Does he care? Was his 5 year $80,000,000 contract extension a money grab? Like like, what what are what is pop doing? I think he's coaching. I think it's more of like an evaluation type deal. Like, he's definitely holding guys accountable. You see a couple of guys get cussed out throughout the course of the game last night, for missed assignments or what have you. So I don't think it's a matter of, you know, kind of mailing it in or just taking a payday. It's just a completely different situation than he's had in seasons past. I think the one, my biggest critique would be having Trae Jones, coming off the bench for as long as he did. He's clearly the best playmaker on that roster. And when you're trying to cultivate a talent like Wimbin Yama, I think you wanna make things easy for him as possible with regard to how he gets the ball and where he gets it, and that wasn't happening early in the season. So I think if you're gonna be critical of pop of anything, for anything, it would be that, out of trade, Jones getting hurt late in that game last night is a concern. Jeremy Solhan's played better basketball, but I don't see him as, like, a primary playmaker in any way, you know, shape, or form. So I I think pop's fine. You know, it's a young group. He's doing more coaching than he has, you know, in most of his prior seasons. But, yeah, I don't think he's nailed it in at all. Speaking of Trey Jones, he went down with a right foot with a foot injury. Didn't look good the way he was rolling around on the ground and hobbled off. Soehan has been the point guard for that team for about half the season. He had 14.6 boards, 4 assists, a block and 3 triples. They could throw Blake Wesley out there to start. If so if Trae Jones is gonna miss time, what are you what are you doing if you, had a move in the make right now as far as picking up a Spurs point guard? I'd probably take a roll of dice on Sohan in the hopes that he's like a supplementary playmaker and not the primary guy. Because like I said earlier, I don't think that's in his makeup right now. I'm not touching Blake Wesley or Malachi Branham. I think those are both, like, wait and see type guys. See if they do over the course of, like, 5 games. I think you certainly afford to do that because unless you're playing in, like, a 30 team league, I don't see the point in adding either of those guys right now. Yeah. I'm not messing with Wesley. I I would pick Sohan up, as insurance right now. If especially if you've got Trae Jones, I've got him on a couple teams. And and Trae was playing better too. Like, he's playing pretty good lately. So that's kind of a I was kinda sad to see him go down. I hope hopefully, he's not too hurt. What do what do we do about Kelvin Johnson, man? He got moved to the bench, 412 last night, 8 points, 2 boards. I mean, is this rock bottom, or or is it gonna continue to be kind of shaky for Kelvin? I'm not reading too much in the last night just because he missed a lot of time with a chin laceration. So I think that kind of skewed his numbers in that regard. Only played 21 minutes. He's gonna re he's gonna approach 30 minutes per night when healthy. It's not a great situation with him coming off the bench, but I think it's kinda it doesn't really strike me as being too different than what he was as a starter. You know, he was barely like a 1 125, 1 50 player as a starter. He's just outside of that range right now. You know, I don't really nothing nothing much really changes for me with regard to Kelvin Johnson, to be honest with you. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I I wish he was starting. He he has been trending down, I would say, but, I mean, I don't know that there's a lot any of us can do about it. My last Spurs question, I need you to look into your crystal ball, Ralph. Is is Victor Wemenyama gonna play in a back to back on Friday Saturday against Portland, Minnesota? It'd be the first time he'd done it since Christmas, right before Christmas. And also, pops said that he's gonna you know, the the back to back ban on Wembley was gonna end very soon. Mhmm. Do you think that's true, and do you think you might play him back to back this week? I think it's true. I just don't know if it'll happen this week. Port you got I don't know. It's 2 completely different matchups. Like Portland, their center position, they've got Deandre Ayton, but I don't know. It's it doesn't hold a candle to Rudy Gobert and Karl Anthony Towns. So I think if they're gonna try to steal one more rest day, it might be that Portland game. Just kinda get them geared up for for Minnesota. K. Ralph, Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA Basketball DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code rwnba. Promo code rwnba. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today and use promo code rwnba to claim your free RotoWire subscription and deposit bonus. Let's move on to the Pistons real quick. Aussair Thompson. Raffy was kinda coming on over the last 3 games. He had a career high on Saturday, I think, 22 points. The minutes were creeping up. The production was creeping up. He's mostly just a points, threes, and rebounds guy right now anyway, but, it was back to earth on Monday night with 0 points, 5 rebounds in 19 minutes. And then there's Alec Burks who I picked up. The Pistons play 4 times this week. I thought Burks might have a good game or 2 out of 4. Still got time for that to happen. Last night was not one of those though. He hit 3 of 12 shots. All 3 of them were 3 pointers. He had 9 points, 2 boards, 3 assists. Sasser got hot, hit 9 of 9 of 17, scored 23. Sasser could be a silly season hero in my opinion. What are your what are your thoughts on some of these Pistons guys that, are are just super hard to predict? Asar Thompson's a firm hold for me. I haven't rostered in a couple of weeks. He's averaging 0.8 Steel, 0.9 blocks per game on the season. He's another guy that I think is gonna kick up the production later in the season, I think, after the trade deadline. So I don't know if Alec Burks is gonna be there after that point. He didn't play well on Monday, but he's been on fire recently. I think it's kind of gotten him on the radar of more contending teams that maybe look to upgrade their bench before the trade deadline. So Thompson's a hold for me. Sasser, I have him on a few watch lists. I think that's what I would do right now. As well as he played on Monday, the minutes haven't always been there, even with Killian Hayes not really showing much. Maybe that changes pretty soon, but, yeah, I think right now, Sasser is someone just to keep an eye on, and Elsar Thompson, if you haven't rostered, I would not drop him, because I think he's gonna be someone who can blow up later this season, especially with that defensive potential. I'm a big fan of Elsar Thompson. I just wish the Pistons had, like, a a stable rotation for him to kind of flourish in. It it's interesting. He's kind of a polarizing fantasy player because my guest last week, Yuri, I was like, are you holding Alastair Thompson? She's like, I can't afford to. I'm trying to win my league. They're not playing him enough minutes, and the Pistons are have this weird win now mentality, with a team that is not going to win now. And they just keep playing the same guys over and over again, and a lot of those guys are not kids. It's like Bohan Bogdanovic, and, it's just been weird. So, you know, a lot of people are like, no. You can't afford to hold Alyssa Thompson. You're like, I'm absolutely holding Alyssa Thompson. I kinda like after the trade deadline, though. Maybe maybe the Pistons will finally throw in the towel on the season after the trade deadline and and let Alyssa Thompson play. I will say he was playing well enough those last 3 games that I was this close to jumping back in, but now, I'm kinda out again. But, then again, he got picked up in that league, so I don't I don't have access to him anyway. Over at Cleveland, Sam Merrill, got hot, hit 8 to 13 threes. 26 points, 3 rebounds, and assists, and a steal. I was kinda shocked to find out that he scored in double digits in 4 straight games now, Raf. Decent boards, decent assists, hits a lot of threes. Is he automatic pickup right now? And why is he why is he coming on? I think so. Part of the reason Caris LeVertz has been out the last two games with a wrist injury. So there's even more need for his perimeter shooting ability within that offense. Cleveland's been rolling, you know, recent. I think they've won, like, 8 in a row. They've got better shooting, you know, in terms of Merrill, the 3 point shooting that he's provided. I think he's someone that you have to pick up right now. Yeah. We'll see what happens once you get Darius Garland and Caris LeVert back in a rotation. But for now, Merrill is someone that I would definitely pick up if he's available. Yeah. I don't know when they're gonna have, Caris LeVert back full time because Caris LeVert plays about as often as Jimmy Butler does. He'll he'll come in and have, like, 2 great games, score 30 in 1 and 22 in the other, and then it'll take a game or 2 off. And then it'll be back, and then it'll disappear. Like, he's it's really tough to get a to get a feel for. I like Merrill. I I think he's a a sneaky sneaky pickup right now that not a lot of people are talking about. So, over in Orlando, Wendell Carter junior has been starting. Markelle Fultz moved back to the starting lineup and then disappeared one game later to get some rest. WCJ is 17.7 boards and a steal over his last 5. Are you are you all in on Wendell Carter Junior right now? Yeah. It feels like he's gotten back to where he was before the injuries in terms of minutes and place in a rotation. So, yeah, I'm in on Wendell Carter Junior. Figuring out who's backing him up is been a bit tricky. I think it's been more and more. It's Wagner recently. Gogo Butazi kind of slipped out of the rotation out of playing well as a starter after playing well as a starter while Wendell was out. But, yeah, I think Carter is pretty much the only one you can truly rely on the center position in Orlando right now. I agree with that. And then our how many point guards is too many point guards for the Magic? I mean, it's it's kind of a mess with Fultz and Suggs and Cole Anthony. Are you messing with any of them? Maybe Suggs, you know, it's Suggs. Anthony are coming off the bench has been good, but I think that's that's another team I'm watching at the trade deadline because they need perimeter shooting. And as you mentioned, they have a surplus of point guards. Now Fultz's name has come up in some trade rumors, so maybe he's the one they try to move. But that medical history, I kinda wonder what type of value they would get in return for him. I think if anything, they're gonna need to add a shooter, a reliable shooter to deadline, and one of those guys may be gone. I don't really see them moving on from Suggs or Anthony at this point, though. Yeah. I don't know what they're gonna do either. They they sort of have a logjam, similar at point guard to what the Pacers and Hawks have at forward. Like, something's gotta give on those teams. They they need to move some pieces around to clear up clear up space for the the ballers to ball. The Memphis Grizzlies, Rob, are very interesting right now. My man, Vince Williams junior, had 18 and 10 last night. Santi Aldama has been starting. He had 10 points, 4 boards, 4 assists, steal. Luke Kennard, 19 points, 7 boards, 5 triples. Xavier Tillman, who a lot of people were picking up instead of, Aldama, total dud. David Roddy had 9 points, 8 boards. Gigi Jackson went on that 2 game terror and and now has been down for 3 3 straight game games. He did have, 21 minutes, 7 points, 5 boards. Still on the block in 3. And then Jacob Yodier, only getting 13 minutes is ludicrous to me. I think it they should be playing him. Who are the guys you like in Memphis? And, out of that out of that crew? Kennard and Vince for sure, you know, can already have 53 pointers last night. It's kind of a de facto playmaker for them right now. Given all the injuries they have, you know, at the point guard position. So those 2 for sure. I think the thing with Tillman, he's been dealing with lingering knee issues. So he got off to a good run when he was in the starting lineup, then he had to miss couple games. So I think that's why it's been so difficult to rely on him and fantasy just because when he gets rolling, knee soreness creeps up and he has to sit out a couple. So they cut it probably boosts out Dom a little bit here. John contract blocked 5 shots apparently last night. I don't that's not really reliable production from him, you know, kudos for him for getting it done, but that's not something you're not going to expect, like, 5 total defense or contribution from him, you know, on a nightly basis, much less 5 block shots. So for me, it's Kennard and Vince Williams right now in terms of, you know, must haves off that roster. I think Conkar and I'm I'm sorry I missed those 5 blocks. Conkar is playing in front of Gigi, and, you know, a lot of people are not happy about that. Where are you with Gigi? Did you get excited after his first two games and and pick him up? Or were you like, this seems like a flash on the pan. He's gonna be back in the g league. Did you not did you not take that bait? I didn't. He has he's largely just a score at this point. You know? He doesn't. He got hot, you know, he went in the fields like Leatherman Road and the shots just happened to go in. So I think that was why I was hesitant on him. I think he's someone that after the trade deadline, it's another player you may want to look more more into in terms of fantasy ads. But right now, not really dealing with them. Moving on to the Hornets. PJ Washington, 5 of 7 shots, 2 triples, 12.7 boards, 3 assists, steal and block. No Mark Williams. No Nick Richards. So, I loaded up PJW on, my FanDuel team yesterday. I've I've faced the guy that played, Joel Embiid. I lost by, like, 7 points. So didn't work out, but it was not a bad call. I didn't think. Is PJ Washington an automatic pickup right now? I think he has to be. Is what are your other options here? You know, with Richards out with Williams, we don't know when he'll be back. You're not gonna add Nathan Mentzer or JT Thor. You know, that would be the ultimate scraping the bottom of the barrel type situation. So, yeah, it's PJ Washington or you just look at another team for big man help. Brandon Miller hit 11 of 13 shots, 27 points, 3 boards, 2 assists, 1 steal, 3 triples. Last 3 games, he scored 27, 23, and 24. And in the words of my son last night, is Brandon Miller good? Yeah. He's yeah. He's definitely good. And I think that Rozier trade is gonna boost him even more. One less person to take away scoring opportunities from him. Man, I Brandon Miller is gonna be someone that his fancy stocks gonna be, you know, through the roof for you in these upcoming games here, I think. I think beyond him, you maybe look at like a Nick Smith junior for later in the season. But right now, it's just pretty much all Brandon Miller in terms of, you know, fancy prospects in Charlotte. Yeah. I like that take, Rafa. Like, target him in trades right now. Like, go get Brandon Miller because somebody's gonna have to score in Charlotte, and it ain't gonna be Kyle Lowry. Mhmm. Tackle millions in prizes all playoffs long in FanDuel Fantasy Contest. If you're new to Fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match up to a $100 playing Fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel, and it's fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up to leaderboard. Plus on FanDuel, you can choose from full slate contest featuring multiple games, single game contests, season long best ball contests, beginner only contests, which are great for learning the ropes, and more. When you win, you get paid instantly. So kick off your FanDuel career with a 100% deposit match up to $100. Go to FanDuel.com to start playing for huge cash prizes today. Ralph, are you still planning FanDuel? I'm absolutely terrible at daily fantasy, so I've tried to keep a little money in my pocket. You know? I got you. Me and my boys play like a there's 4 or 5 of us. We play every day for $2, and then we do $5 on Fridays. I thought I had last night. I thought I had last night, man. I had PJW. I had some some Luca going. I had some some big numbers piling up, but the the Embiid going for a 107 or whatever it was. Mhmm. FanDuel points just kinda kinda ruined my dreams. Thanks to my buddy Keelan, coach coach k, Keelan Mark. Minnesota Timberwolves. Why didn't we get to this sooner? Well, I I don't think it was near at the same level as what we saw from Embiid. Karl Anthony Towns hit 21 of 35 shots yesterday. 10 3 pointers, 10 of 14 free throws. He had 62 points, 8 boards, 2 assists. Now it looked like Cat had a chance to go for 70 also, and he just had, like, a 4th quarter meltdown. Did you watch that game? Yeah. I did. He just kept forcing it, trying to drive. Wasn't wasn't getting foul calls, wasn't getting anything really working. And, they just kinda fizzled out, lost the lead, and and then lost the game. Pretty disappointing turn of events, for the Wolves. Yeah. Chris Finch absolutely lidded into his team in the postgame press conference. No Mike Conley out there, you know, hamstring issue. They didn't look very good. I know Cat had 44 in the first half, but it felt like some of the guys weren't fully engaged. I thought Nikhil Alexander Walker had a good game filling in for Conley. So if you streamed him, you got some decent value there with the 18 points. But Anthony Edwards thinks 3 of 11 from the field, had 11 assists, but maybe he was a little bit too deferential to towns offensively. Maybe that had something to do with it. But I think if anything, they may have underestimated Charlotte. You know, team is 10 and 31 on a season. They've had that knack for kind of taking teams lightly, you know, at times. I know their record doesn't exactly show it, but they struggled with some teams that did you probably blow off the floor this season. So Towne's got the 62. Like you mentioned, he tailed off late. I don't know. I think once Conley gets back out there, they'd be a bit more focused, in terms of what they're supposed to do out there. Yeah. Conley was just resting. Ant Edwards looked terrible. Conley actually looked good. He had that that cool vest on, the we the woven vest and the the crazy pants. And it props to Mike Conley, man. I I kinda thought he was done, but he's he he's driving that train, and they're they're still the best team in the west right now. And, apparently, Ant and the rest of those guys can't play without him because Ant was terrible. 3 of 11, like you said, 9 points, 11 assists. I love Anthony Edwards. He's having a great season. And they need they need Conley out there to steady steady that ship and and keep control of what's going on. It'll be I can't wait to see what happens in the west as far as where the wolves finish and how they do in the playoffs. It it should be pretty fun. For the Dallas Mavericks, we got the return of Luka Doncic. 33 points, a season high 18 boards, 13 assists, 2 steals. Rob, my big question on Luca, is he is he gonna play on Friday against the Hawks? And is he gonna play on Saturday against the Kings? Because I am going to that Hawks game with, Soren and I are are in. We're going to see Luca. We don't want another situation where we get there and he's not playing. I need your help. I think he'll play. Not that not like I have any, like, inside information or anything, but I just think he'll play. I don't know. They got Phoenix on Wednesday, so maybe that's got something that may be a factor depending on whether or not he gets out of that one healthy, but True. I think he'll be out there. Yeah. If he gets out of Wednesday healthy, I think he'd be playing against the hawks. His only visit here this year Mhmm. People wanna see him. Tim Hardaway Junior is kind of balling, having a good season. Kyrie Irving, when he had what you know, he's out with that injury for a while, but he's playing really well. The Mavericks are better than I thought they were gonna be. Are you surprised by the the season Tim Hardaway's having? Not really. You know, I think the role whether he the few times he's been able to start or primarily coming off the bench, he's able to just come in as a shooter, you know, and I think that's his comfort zone. He shot the ball well. He didn't have like, I know it usually he'll have, like, a slow start to the season. That didn't happen this time around. So I think that was encouraging for for the Mavericks and Fantasy managers. I'm all in on Tim Hardaway junior. I think he'll be fine the rest of the way too. I think so too. He's been better than guys like Brad Beal and some other players. So, good job, Timmy Hardaway. We got good Kobe White last night. 26 points, 10 boards, 9 assists, 2 steals, 4 triples, 10 to 14 shooting. Yeah. When good Kobe White is good, my my 30, 30 deep team is really, really good. Raf, you and I are playing each other this week in 30 deep, I believe. And, man, if if I get good Kobe White combined with Victor Wimbunyama, 4 games, then then I'm tough to beat. But Victor Victor's missed 6 games. A lot of those were 3 and 2 game weeks, so had a lot of rough luck with Wimby so far in that league. But, I love my team. I've I've got guys that play a lot. I've avoided injuries. We're I just can't get over the over the hump. But Kobe White was great last night. What I wanted to talk about is Alex Caruso, 15 points, 4 boards, 3 assists, 3 blocks, 5 triples. And Ayodosumu, 611 shooting, 13 points, 2 steals on block. Both of those guys have been really good for, like, the last 5 games. Have you picked either of them up, and do you wanna pick either of them up? I'd say Caruso, if anything, because he's starting. Desunu, I think, he had a good night again in Phoenix, but I think his potential is kind of dependent on who's out. Like, Patrick Williams being available, I thought kind of sat into his value a little bit, but obviously, they both had decent nights on, on Monday. So I'm more of a Caruso guy just because he's starting, and I prefer I prefer him personally. You know, in January, I think, yeah, for the month of January, Caruso is averaging 1.8 steals and 1.3 blocks. Yeah. Like, that's that's no joke right there. Like Mhmm. I I I think Caruso is the pickup too. I think Dasumu, if you look at the numbers over his last five, he's a fine pickup also. Both of them are gonna play because no no Zach LaVine. But, yeah, I I like Caruso a little more than DeSouma. For the Suns, did well, I just gave it away, but did you know Grayson Allen is the only guy in the league shooting 50? Is it 50, 40, 90 or 50, 50, 90? I think he was at 50, 50, 90, and now he's down to 51, 49, and 90. But, man, what a season Grayson Allen is having. Yeah. Yeah. 49.1 from 3. So, yeah, he's pretty much a 50, 50, 90 guy. He's been an excellent pickup for them. I think this is kind of what they envisioned. Maybe not to this level, but he was a valuable pickup in that trade. That 3 team trade, they got involved in with Portland and Milwaukee. So he's pretty much a must roster guy at this stage, which is something that not too many of us envisioned before the season started. So kudos to Grayson Allen. Yeah. Make sure he's not floating around on your waiver wire. He should be rostered everywhere, at this point. He's been hot. The Suns have won 6 straight. There's 7 and 3 over their last 10. They're quietly creeping up in the West. They're now up to 5th place. Who do you have coming out of the West drop? The teams in order right now are the Wolves, Thunder, Nuggets, Clippers, Suns, Pelicans, Kings, Mavericks, Lakers. I still like Denver. I think they have the best starting 5 in the west. You know, the bench is a concern, but I believe they'll be able to get things in order between now and playoff time. As much as I don't wanna fully believe in the Clippers, I think it may be different this time around. It looks like all the pieces fit together. The key for them is gonna be getting Evita Zubac back healthy, getting him a good stretch of games for the postseason. But I think the the Nuggets and Clippers end up playing in the Western Conference finals. That's pretty much how I see it. Minnesota, Oklahoma City, I can see them going on runs as well, but I like I like Denver to come out of the west again. I'm going with the Thunder winning the west. I think the Suns are becoming scary just like the Clippers are scary. And the Clippers the Clippers look real to me. You know, ever since they got over that initial blip with James Harden, they they just nobody wants the Clippers. I think as long as Brad Beal can stay healthy, nobody wants the Suns. So it it's gonna be interesting to see what's happening there. Who do you have coming out of the east after that Philadelphia run? I've still got Boston. Yeah. I still like Boston. I think, if anything, Philadelphia maybe in that truly in that mix. I think that's what we all expect in terms of that top 3 Boston, Milwaukee, and Philly. Milwaukee's defense is a serious concern. But Philadelphia, I think if they can stay healthy, they they may need one more like bench piece. But in terms of those starters, especially in bead and Maxi, if they can stay healthy, they look as good as they have during in beads run-in Philadelphia. They need the Anthony Melton back. Yeah. That'll help too. I mean, that would solve a lot of problems. Because right now, it's Embiid, it's Maxey, it's Tobias Harris, and then it's just a Mhmm. Mishmash of stuff. Speaking of Boston, is Derrick White's kind of been in a funk lately. He hasn't been playing very good. Is this who we've got for the rest of the season? I know Jalen and and, Jason both scored in the thirties last night. White's been kinda kinda funky lately. Is he is he good? Is he is he gonna bounce back, or is this what we got? I think he'll be a bounce back. He had the sprained ankle that sat him for a game. I think he'll be fine. It depends on what you're expecting of him. Like, if you're expecting top 50 value, you may be a bit concerned. I was expecting more like top 75, especially after they added Drew Holiday. So I think he'll be fine personally. Alright. Let's talk about Sacramento Kings. Harrison Barnes last night out of nowhere, and I mean nowhere, 32 points, 4 boards of steel, 4 triples. Of course, he did it against the Atlanta Hawks because they that's what they do. He had scored a total of 10 points his previous two games. Are you gonna put him on a watch list and keep an eye on him, or is this straight up fluke? I'd watch list them at best. I actually have them rostered in our 30 deep league. So Did you have him going last night? Yes. I did. Yeah. I think they're playing 4 games this week, so that's an obvious choice there. No, that's the only point in 3 games, but it worked out well for me. But yeah, I think if you're in a standard league, I would say watchlist him, because I don't believe he's obviously not going to put up 30 points on a nightly basis. You know, Sabonis had a quiet night offensively, against the Hawks. So that's not gonna happen very often. You're kind of hoping that Barnes can kind of settle in that 15, you know, to 17 point range with good rebounding numbers, but I don't even know if he's gonna give you that. So, yeah, I think he's a watch list guy right now. So, Ralph, your 30 deep team is Ty Halliburton, Devin Vassell, Josh Hart, Darius Jeremy Grant, Darius Saric, Harrison Barnes, Clint Capela, and Duav Reath. Yeah. For for a 30 team draft, that is pretty amazing. That is, that is very good. Why does it say that my battery is getting ready to run out? Okay. So that's pretty strong that I'm going up against. My team is De'Aaron Fox, Toby White, Peyton Pritchard, Austin Reeves, Derrick Jones Junior, Cam Thomas, Victor Wameyama, and Zach Collins. Also, a pretty formidable squad. I've got a 6 three lead after last night, but that's gonna change tonight. You've got more guys going, but this should be a battle, man. And 30 deep is really fun when your team is good and healthy. It's not fun when your number one pick goes down and your team sinks. So hope you got lucky that Halliburton was only out a couple weeks and not a Mhmm. Not a couple months. That's good. I think that's good for you. Yeah. I did did get lucky there. So good luck with that this week. Marvin Bagley, he was all the rage for a minute in Washington when Daniel Gafford was out with a concussion. Gafford is back. Are you still holding Bagley? Are you picking him up? Are you dumping him? Where you at Bagley? I'm holding him. Like, you look at their center rotation. Where else are they gonna turn? You know? So he I think he's gonna get a good twenty 25 minutes per game. And depending on what happens with Gaffer throughout the course of a a matchup, you know, foul trouble, interesting of the like. So, yeah, Bagley is a hold for me if you had if you picked him up. You just never know, and he's he's obviously gonna play rotation minutes there too. Yeah. I got him in a a Yahoo my other Yahoo league, and, I'm just gonna hang on to him because I I don't I don't I don't think there's anybody better on the waiver wire for me to go get right now. He's not gonna be, a superstar with Gafford around, but he's gonna be he's gonna put up serviceable numbers and be worth hanging on to. So totally with you on that. I'm hanging on to Marvin Bagley. Is Cam Whitmore of Houston, the Houston Rockets? Is he a guy we need to be keeping a close eye on right now? I would say so. Yeah, he didn't play well in that spot started over the weekend against the Celtics, but he'd been on a decent run of double digit scoring efforts before then. And the Tyrese and situation in terms of his leg injury, that's a little bit concerning. Whitmore's minutes have picked up with Easton out, and I think Houston is one of those teams is probably gonna trend downward within the west as some of those, you know, more experienced teams kind of kick hit their stride, you know, down the stretch of the season here. So I think Whitmore is someone to definitely continue to keep an eye on. Have you given up on Taurey Easton yet? Not yet. If you can stash him in an IL plus slot, I would consider doing that. But if you don't have the room to do it, I can understand dropping him. I just haven't given up on him because of the rebounding and the defensive potential when he's on the floor. Yeah. I I gave up. I I didn't have room to hold him anymore and had to let him go. But I and I love Taherse. And but, man, he's been hurt all year, and it's it's just doesn't it doesn't look good to me. Rafa, LeBron James is out tonight with an ankle injury. Are you messing with Tarim Prince or Riha Kamara or Jared Vando? Or, do you just sit back and watch the Anthony Davis D'Angelo Russells show? Like, what's gonna happen? I think it kind of depends on what you may need, you know, for your team in that matchup. If you're in the category league, like, if you need 3 pointers, maybe you lean towards Torrance Prince. I'd expect him to be back in the starting lineup And then LeBron's absence that that probably keeps Rudy Hajimere in the starting lineup for another game. I don't know. I it's gonna be a heavy dose of AD and and D'Angelo Russell. Russell's been on fire recently. So, you know, but, yeah, I think if anything, you you may look at those other options as potential, like, matchup plays. Like, what do I need within my roster within a particular within this week before deciding on which one to pick up? Okay. Let's answer a couple questions from the viewers. We'll go for about 5 minutes here, and then we'll shut it down. Adith, who's here every week, says it stinks that Ty Halliburton is gonna miss at least 3 games because they brought him back too soon just to play with Pascal. I I missed that if that's the case. Is how he ruled out for 3 games? Or he's he's gonna miss his 3rd. I'm not sure. I didn't see that either. So Well, he missed one, right? Yeah. Yeah. He missed the one the other day. Maybe that dropped. Yep. There it is. At least 3 games. So, yeah, that's damn. That is great for your own. That is terrible news for your 30 deep. Yeah. That that's great way to finish off the morning. But, yeah, that's tough. I think now you got TJ McConnell back on the radar. Yeah. I think he's the better pickup than Andrew Nembhard when we talk about streaming options in Indiana. But if you can't get McConnell, maybe roll the dice on on them hard in the deep league. But yeah. Yeah. I'm a TJ I'm a TJ McConnell guy too. Sorry to break the news to you. That way, I paid I paid a Visa to to send that in so I could shock you right after I I gave your fantasy team all that hype, all that love. No. I'm just kidding. Jesus. That's snakes. Marvin says, I was offered deer and fox for Donovan Mitchell. Take it or pass. I'll tell you what. I've as a deer and fox guy and especially in 30 deep, his free throw shooting is just awful. And his field goal percentage isn't that great at times either. Like, last night was not good. I'm like, what are you doing, De'Aaron? Like, just make free throws, bro. Yeah. I'm passing in that Mitchell's been rolling recently. They parents had him as the point guard, you know, with no Darius Garland. I think that's been huge for him in terms of being able to make play even more plays than usual with the basketball in his hands. So yeah, there's no way I'd trade Donovan Mitchell for De'Aaron Fox right now. Brian Bee giving us some love. The boys are back. Recent pickup of Brandon Miller, looking good so far. Yeah. We talked about that. Mhmm. There's nothing left to say. Like, congrats. He he should be good to go. Yeah. Guilford Wong wants to know thoughts on Jordan Hawkins. I know Camlin and I talked about him a lot last week. Mhmm. Camlin was all in on Jordan Hawkins. He said he had this insight that he was gonna get all this playing time. He's been okay. Mhmm. They need his shooting. You know, that it's a a starting lineup that really doesn't offer too much. So Trey Murphy, Jordan Hawkins, those are guys that definitely see figure a bit more prominently, in the rotation as the season continues to wear on. And obviously, that wild card that is Zion Williamson's health, you know, that's something always taken into consideration too. So, yeah, I like that Jordan Hawkins call. Zach says Triple j, Jaren Jackson Junior, and Devin Booker. For Donovan Mitchell and Pascal Siakam. It's a good one to go out on. This is gonna make my head Yeah. Which side of this do you like? I think for me, it's pretty easy. I I think I like the Mitchell Siakam side just because I I don't know that jjj is gonna keep playing for Memphis, this form of the Memphis Grizzlies Yeah. For too much longer. Yeah. That's my concern too. Like, the other 3 guys in this scenario all have something to play for, you know, throughout the remainder of the season. Like, I don't know. Memphis doesn't really strike me as a franchise that would, like, blatantly shut guys down, but doesn't it probably wouldn't take too much to figure out an injury to any to get that cleaned up or take a couple weeks off, you know, between now and the end of the season. So, yeah, I I think I would lean Mitchell and Siakam in that scenario. What happens without how the burden for Siakam is something to keep an eye on in the short term, but I think long term, I would go Mitchell and Siakam there. Well, now we need to hope that Ty Halliburton misses 3 games and then he's good to go. Like that. Yeah. That's where we're at. Because if he misses more games, his awards his awards are in jeopardy. He's gonna be he's gonna be at that 65 game threshold. And then, you know, the whole reason Pascal Siakam is theirs for the Pacers to try to win now. Yeah. And they need Haliburton running the show to do that. So they get they're gonna be super careful with them probably coming back this time. Last question. Jerry Lynn, Bam Adebayo or Scottie Barnes straight up? I give me Scottie. Yeah. I think it's quite clear that they're building that franchise around Scottie Barnes. Bam's clearly a focal point in Miami, but, yeah, I I think I would go Scottie for sure. Did you know Scottie Barnes is a superstar in this league? Did you know Scottie Barnes is running the show? Like, that rant that their coach went on the other night Yeah. And he was he kept talking about Scottie Barnes. Mhmm. Like, that was that was my favorite coaching rant, maybe since, playoffs and Jim Mora. Yeah. It was it was a good one. You know, he certainly got his money's worth. He didn't get fined for it. Might as well go out, you know, guns blazing. I loved it so much. If you enjoyed this podcast, click the subscribe button, like it, do whatever whatever you can do to keep it going. If you wanna try RotoWire for free, you can do that. It's roto wire.com/try. Pretty pretty simple. Pretty basic. Ralph, it was great having you back in the attic, man. This, that's the fastest 50 minutes of my life, I think, right there. Yeah. This cruise on by. I'm losing my voice. My voice is shaky. I'm talking more than ever this year. I I Mhmm. I tend not to speak to people unless I'm on a podcast or a radio show, so my voice is usually pretty good shape. But this year, I've been doing so many shows that it never really has a chance to catch up and recover. So thank you for being on. It was super fun. We'll do it again, Maybe again before the season's over. Yeah. Hope so. It's a good time. Great to talk to you again, man. Alright, man. You got anything you need to plug it over there at rotor world? Well, right before we went on publish a column on a fancy impact of the Terry Rozier trade. So let's check that out and see my thoughts on where Charlotte and Miami go from here. Dude, that's my favorite thing about not, working there anymore is I I don't get phone calls or text messages or stuff asking me to jump on and record an email or record a video real quick or Yeah. Crank out a column. Can you crank out a column in 5 minutes without this trade? No, man. I'm gonna be a bit asleep then. Thanks. Alright, everybody. Thanks for coming. Cam and I will be here on Thursday. I'll be back next Tuesday with another special guest on this show. Thanks for coming, Ralph. Have a great day. Alright. Thanks. You too.