Welcome into the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball Pod. Nick Whalen. Brandon Kravitz here with you as we are every Wednesday morning around 10:30 AM EST. Brandon, suffice it to say, we have a lot to get to. I know our our guy Steve Alexander, he had Rafael Johnson on the pod with him yesterday. They were able to break down the Terry Rozier trade, but we'll offer some more insight on that. I have a lot of thoughts, especially as far as what that means for Miami. And, of course, we're gonna talk Adrian Griffin, and it sounds like Doc Rivers as well, who who seems to be reportedly, I guess, shakily reported the the successor to Adrian Griffin in Milwaukee. But we'll get to that in a moment, Brandon. 1st and foremost, how are you, man? I'm doing great. It's been a whirlwind these last couple of days. And on top of it all, we had some monster performances the other day in the NBA seemingly all happening at once. So something crazy in the water the other night. 39 from Tatum, 43 from KD in a winning effort. Somehow Karl Anthony Towns gets up to 60 against the Hornets, and they lose. Makes no sense. Embiid drops 70. So, it's been a wild few days. I, as far as my Magic schedule goes, they played a back to back Sunday Monday. I had some golf tournament media day responsibilities. So I was it was a whirlwind for me over a couple of days, and now everything has just settled down. The Magic don't play till this weekend, and, I'm just smooth sailing. So kick back, relax, and and ready to chat with you. Very charitable of you to mention the Jayson Tatum 39 point game the other night. That was you know, on on most NBA nights, that would be like, yeah, that that was the the performance of the nights. Kinda got buried by by talent. It's getting to 44 in the first half. Like you mentioned, a beat 70, but we'll look back on those in a bit. I'm I'm catching a flight in, like, I don't know, 5 hours out of here going to going to Arizona. Got golf on the books, 54 holes over these next couple of days. So, you know, this is this is kind of my, excuse me, my last work obligation before that. So I'll do my best to to not be, like, mixing in all these, like, golf puns because that's really all I'm thinking about is getting to warmer weather, playing for the first time in weeks, and also a little concerned about what the game's gonna look like. Yeah. I, so I and I'm not I'm not the golfer that you are, but, I love covering the sport, especially when the Arnold Palmer Invitational comes around, and they had their media day on Monday. And you'll love this. We went out to the course, and every year, they set up a different media challenge. It'll be just some sort of game that they create, and there's usually some sort of theme to it. This year, we had to recreate Kurt Kitayama's 50 foot putt to win. He had a 2 putt in order to win, and he was, like, an inch away from the cup in the actual tournament. And so they wanted they had us shoot from the exact same spot on 18. It was a really it was just cool to sort of reenact that and try and hit it exactly the way that he did, and I missed, but but was close. What? For somebody who doesn't golf, I felt pretty good about my I see. Could could you lag it into into gimme distance? You know, you gotta you gotta kinda hit hit the ball to the left, and then it breaks right. But you don't wanna hit too hard because then you know, the the role will take you into the water. So you gotta have to a little bit a little bit of muscle, but touch. You know, it's like, there's a fine line there, but, I think I think I did well, even even in the miss. But he missed too. That's the thing. You go back to last year. So Got it. You know, and he's a pro. He is. He is. I I know the process very well, for putts like that. It doesn't always doesn't always go my way. I would say that's a pretty glaring weakness of my game. As you know, we we've played together before. That's not an easy you know, that's no easy ask. I will say, though, I I have since obtained a new putter since we played in Vegas. I was I was at the time using a mini golf putter, after I I had you know, my my previous putter had suffered an incident where the head literally fell off. And I'd actually I kind of was putting okay by my standards with the mini golf putter, but we're back to a standard one. I'm no longer embarrassed to pull that out, when I'm playing with people that I don't know. So we're moving in the right direction there. Alright. Couple business items to take care of before we dive in. As usual, you know, we'll we'll talk some fantasy notes in the first half of the pod, and then we will take all of your fantasy questions in the chat over the second half of the pod. So feel free to throw those in there now. We are not ignoring them by any means. We will hit those. We'll hit as many as we can over the second half, so keep stacking those up in the chat. Those always make for a good pod. We're brought to you by underdog. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contest. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire. All you gotta do, use the code RW NBA. That's r w, as in r w mcquarters, r w n b a. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app and use that promo code r w m b a to claim your deposit bonus. Again, that's up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to Rotowire. We're also brought to you by FanDuel. Tackle 1,000,000 in prizes, all playoffs long in FanDuel fantasy contest. We only got 3 games left, so get on this. If you're new to fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match up to a $100. Playing Fantasy for huge massive cash prizes, colossal cash prizes, Brandon, on FanDuel is both fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. You play on FanDuel. I play on FanDuel. We've been doing it all year. Super, super fun. Obviously, do a lot of NBA DFS, but I I really think NFL DFS on a Sunday is my favorite. It gives you something else to to kinda keep you engaged while you're keeping an eye on every game. Plus on FanDuel, you could choose full slate contest featuring multiple games, single game contest. You could set up private contest with your friends. You could do season long best ball, beginner only. Those are great. If you're just learning the ropes, they got a ton of options there. You know, they'll they'll be doing baseball, best ball drafts coming up soon. So if you're into that, go check those out at FanDuel. And when you win, you get paid instantly. So NFL playoffs going on right now. Get that 100% deposit match over at FanDuel up to a $100. Go to FanDuel dot com to start playing right now for huge cash prizes. Alright. I should address, by the way, Brandon. You can see my my room, the backdrop behind me continues to evolve. We no longer have, like, wallpaper that's peeling off of the walls. We got all that out. Great. Well, Well, we're going we're going with more of an asylum look right now. It's very white in here. I have some of the other walls painted. Once we get back from from Arizona, we'll we'll finish it up. So this will continue to look better and better and less and less like I'm in some sort of lockdown situation and just wanna get out ahead of the narrative on that. Eventually, you know, I'll have some memorabilia and things of that nature behind me, such as my Rashid Wallace, beanie baby that I I'm dying to display. Can we get we need to get yeah. I mean, at least temporarily, could you put up, like, a fat head or something like that? There it is. Oh, the blay a blazers Rasheed Wallace. Oh, yeah. Beanie baby. See, it's a it's a collector item number 7,154 out of 10,000. I'm surprised there are that many. That's wild. I I assume this must have been a giveaway at some point, but I, you know, I'm I'm sure you you do the same thing. Every now and then, I'll go on these sprees where I'm, like, trolling eBay and insights like that for just, like, random memorabilia. And, look, when you could buy a Rasheed Wallace Beanie Baby for 3.50, you gotta do it. That's $3.50, not $350, to be clear. Oh, for sure. That's a that's a steal. I bought the steal in the Rasheed in the Rasheed Wallace Beanie Baby market. Yeah. I I bought the dip, Rashid Wallace Beanie Baby. Alright. I think you should put together, like, an entire mid 2000 all star team with Beanie Babies. Let's let's get 4 more in the rotation. If that was if that's a possibility, I I am absolutely in. That is there there's a certain nostalgia for people around our age with that era of basketball even though it was Yeah. It wasn't a great era in terms of the overall talent. Like, I think we have, like, twice as much of lead talent in the league now as we did in 2002. You know, post Jordan, there was kind of a lull there for a little bit, but there's something about, like, the the uniforms, the logos, the guys who were making all star teams at that time that is, incredibly nostalgic in a positive way. Well, that's your childhood right there. It is. Right? You're telling me. That's the heart of it. The my my introduction into the NBA was the mid nineties. So everything like, that that's not touchable for me. And I I think you're you're a couple years later in terms of your life. I was born in 92. Okay. Yeah. So I'm 7 years younger than you. So that makes sense in terms of what we view as untouchable, nostalgia, NBA perfection. Whatever you started with is usually the, in your head, the best version of it. Yes. Rashid Wallace in a Blazers jersey exemplifies the start of your basketball love. Yeah. It was a tough one to explain to my parents. Like, why I was like, why why is it Rashid Wallace jersey on your Christmas list as an 8 year old in Wisconsin? But, anyway, that that we'll we'll do a full episode on that at some point. Alright. Let's talk Rozier. He he now plays for the Miami Heat. This this happened yesterday morning, probably about 24 hours ago. Got that that that trade news. Kyle Lowry headed out to to Charlotte. Doesn't sound like he's going to be playing for the Hornets at any point. No surprise there. I think they'll try to reroute him if they can. I don't know like, I think teams are interested in Kyle Lowry. I don't know who's gonna be willing to trade for him given the number. Yeah. You'd have to be kinda sending out, like, a similarly bad veteran contract that you don't really want. So my my guess is he makes it to the buyout market, and then that becomes interesting. I mean, obviously, he hasn't really done anything the last year and a half. Like, the numbers have completely fallen off a cliff, but I I think there's still some value with Kyle Lowry. And I I think, you know, teams like Philly and and Milwaukee would be in the mix for him. But, obviously, that's not the exciting part of this trade. The the exciting part is Rosier landing in Miami. He's having a career year, man. I mean, I I still think, you know, you you when you're first thinking about Terry Rozier, it's like, alright. Yeah. He's back to back 20 plus point per game seasons, but he's doing it in Charlotte. Does it really matter? The team's not winning games. I I I think he's been fantastic, man. 23 points a game, 6.6 assists, 4 rebounds, super efficient by his standards. You know, he shot 41% last year. He's up to 46% this year. Free throw shooting is up. 3 point shooting is up. You know, I I was on Alex yesterday on the NBA show. Like, if if I'm Miami and I basically had a choice between training for LaVine and Rozier, you know, I think coming into the year, obviously, everybody would have said Levin's a better player. Like, they're at the very least comparable, and I I think Rozier is actually a better fit for Miami. Like, he he just Yeah. Seems like a heat culture guy. And I I think, you know, Miami's had has a history of bringing these guys in, elevating them to a new level. And I I think Rozier's numbers likely fall off, you know, as a byproduct of joining a a much better team. But fit wise, I think this is a home run, and and Miami didn't really have to give up that much. That's the interesting thing about it, and and I've been thinking about that with all these trades that we've been seeing, the Raptors guys that have already been sent away. And and now with Terry Rozier, it seems like the trade market is, really affordable this year. We're not seeing any trades that to me seem like, like you're having to break the bank in order to improve your roster. Look at what Miami was able to do. They weren't even starting Kyle Lowry anymore, and they have seriously upgraded at the point guard position. And all they had to do really was was move off of a 20 27 1st round pick. And I don't wanna act like 1st round picks aren't valuable. Look at what Jaimee Hawkez picked at the back end of the first round is doing for Miami. So if you hit right, those can be great cheap assets, but you only have so many 1st round picks over the years that you can really fit into a rotation. So this is a huge win for Miami, not only because you have improved that Kyle Lowry piece in your rotation, but because you didn't have to mortgage your future in order to do it. The Rozier part, I completely agree. I think he's a better fit than a guy like LaVine would have been because he answers that point guard problem that this franchise has had for a couple of years. It's the reason they were in the Kyle Lowry market to begin with. They've been trying to figure this part out. Zach LaVine doesn't really answer that question. Drogier is more of a combo guard, but I think he can play that point guard position, allows Tyler Herro to play more off ball. And I I I think it's just gonna help overall. He's a pesky defender, so, you know, that should be a hashtag heat culture sort of a fit as well. I think it's a win across the board for Miami. Fantasy wise, not as good for Terry Rozier, but but certainly an uptick for the Miami Heat. Yeah. It it's definitely a downgrade fantasy wise for Rozier. But, you know, Rozier had also you know, his numbers had kinda regressed back to what you'd expect with LaMelo Ball back in the lineup. I I think part of the reason numbers are what they are this season is LaMelo missed so much time. And, you know, concurrently with that, like, PJ Washington's out, Martin Williams is out, Gordon Hayward's out. So it was it was a Terry Rozier show in Charlotte for a solid month, and it went about as you'd expect. You know, last 3 games before the trade, 17 points, 19 points, 11 points. You know, he's still taking a ton of shots. Usage rate was still up there. Just really wasn't shooting the ball well. He's one of his last 18 from 3. So I I don't read too much into that. But, yeah, I I think for fantasy purposes, you you kinda knew the Rozier run was probably coming to an end once Lavela Ball came back. But this is definitely a downgrade. I mean, obviously, you're still fine with him. You know, if if you want to try to capitalize and and swing some sort of trade, maybe you could, but it's it's not like this is a disaster necessarily for Rozier. You know, Miami now has a really interesting roster because, you know, you have with Rozier now, 4 like, all 4 of your your top four, Butler, Adebayo, Hiro, and Rozier, all these guys kinda do it all. Right? They they all rebound well for their position. They all average at least 4 assists per game. It's like you you have so many options where you if you're in a playoff game and tie and Tyler Hero doesn't have it, well, there's Terry Rozier. Or if Terry Rozier doesn't have it, there's Tyler Hero. Like, it gives them there is a little overlap specifically with those 2 players, but I think it builds in a lot of insurance. You know, if one of those guys is having an off night in, you know, Miami felt like somewhat of a Cinderella run to the finals last season. It's it's certainly difficult to replicate a run like that, but they were also without Hero for the vast majority of the postseason. And you get him back, you add Rozier to the mix. Like, I I think their roster is in significantly better shape now, plus, of course, way better shape now than it was going into the playoffs last year. Absolutely. And look at what they had to overcome in order to get to the point where they were in the playoffs last year. The Miami Heat were a play in team. They had no business. They had to knock off a number one seed, or or I think it was number 2 seed that in order to make it to that point, and then and then eventually the Boston Celtics as well. But, yeah, they're not gonna have to do that this year. This team is probably gonna be in the playoffs, not the play in, and so they'll have better seating. They'll be able, to set themselves up for a better chance to advance without having to kill themselves in the process. Jimmy Butler went into god mode last year in the playoffs, but like anybody would that was playing at that level, unless you're Michael Jordan or Kobe Bryant or LeBron James, and so that's the that's the whole list. What was that? Rashid Wallace. Oh, Rashid. Of course. Yeah. Sorry. I apologize, Rashid. Please send my regards to the beanie baby. You're gonna run out of gas, and that's exactly what happened to Jimmy Butler last year. I think this allows them to be in a better position when the playoffs start and then also make sure that you keep enough in that Butler tank because at the end of the day, terms of how far this team can go, it's all gonna come down to can Jimmy Butler produce at that level when you need him to. I go back to, you know, what they gave up. 20 27 protected first. Lottery protected in 27. If it does not convey, then it could get a little bit dicey for Miami. It would become unprotected in 28. But that's kind of what you have to do in the modern NBA. If you look at just about every team that's contending right now, they're pretty highly leveraged in terms of future draft picks. That's just how it works. So I don't I don't I don't have any problem whatsoever with the price Miami paid. I actually it was a little bit less than I expected and, you know, getting out of the Lowry deal, that's big. He wasn't really giving them anything. Kinda disappointed in how that whole situation worked. I thought it was a pretty nice fit on paper, but, you know, you forget how many miles are on Kyle Lowry at this point in his career. So pretty massive upgrade there. I, you know, I I do wonder if Charlotte could have done better. Obviously, I'm I'm sure they shopped for us here around to some other teams. But, you know, in general, I think picking up that that extra asset, I mean, we're to me, we're likely heading toward, like, kind of another full reset for for the Hornets around LaMelo. You know? It's like, does PJ Washington become available? I think they'll certainly they'll certainly attempt to trade Gordon Hayward. You know? At at his contract figure, that's gonna be a a pretty difficult one. But but, you know, right now, it's like, how many how many keepers are on this roster for Charlotte? He's like, obviously, Brandon Miller's played well lately. You feel pretty good about the trajectory he's on. LaMelo, already a star in this league. But other than that, I I mean, obviously, Mark Williams, when he's healthy, he's looked fine. You know, they're I I I still think they're they're very much, you know, in the mix for trying to find, you know, their future number 2, number 3, number 4 type of guys. I mean, I bringing in Gordon Hayward a few years ago, that was always kind of a weird move and never felt like it was who's gonna make that much of an impact, but I I think he could be next. I I think there could be a few more moves coming for Charlotte if teams are willing to pay up. Yeah. Yeah. I I think the only pieces in terms of the big names that are on the Charlotte Hornets that you can be confident aren't going anywhere would be Brandon Miller, who has played really well as of late and LaMelo Ball. They're gonna continue to try and keep him healthy and build the franchise around him as their star guard. I don't know if Steve Clifford's long for the Hornets, but that's probably a postseason move or an off season move. But this team has 10 wins. So I think everybody everybody's on the block, and they're gonna try and position themselves for the draft. Interesting to see what happens tonight. 2 of the worst teams in the NBA go head to head, and you have the Pistons as 3 and a half point favorite. So, have fun with that one. But, yeah. I mean, the Charlotte Hornets team, I think you're I think Gordon Hayward is definitely gonna find his way out and and could even be a buyout candidate if, if they don't end up finding a trade partner for him. I think Miles Bridges is another one that if they can find a trade partner, they'll move off of him too. In thinking about the Terry Rozier part of it and why it was why they were able or didn't get a lot for him from Miami or anybody else that may have been in the market. I think it all comes down to dollars and cents. He he makes 20 around $24,000,000 a year, and he's not an unrestricted free agent until 2026. So you're committing years to Terry Rozier. A lot of teams that get into the trade market, if they're gonna commit to several years down the road, they want a superstar. If not, they want flexibility, and that's the one thing that Terry Rozier doesn't really provide. That's true. He is under contract at almost 25 mil next year, but 25, 26 partially guaranteed. That's his his age 31 season. So I I think Miami does have a reasonable amount of flexibility here, and, you know, obviously, I I think they view Rozier as as part of this course. So it's it's not like you have a problem with him being under contract beyond this season, and, you know, you're not you're not taking him up through, like, age 34 or anything. So I, again, I think this is pretty clearly a home run for Miami, especially when when you factor in the fit of Rozier. Let's talk, Adrian Griffin. Let's talk box here, and then we'll hit some questions in the chat. I've been waiting to talk to you about this since I saw the news break. You're you're up in that area. I I'm I need you to fill me in on what the hell is going on with this situation. I I'm in just pure speculation mode over here. Well, none of this is surprising, to be totally honest. It's not surprising at all. It it is it a little surprising that they did it, you know, in the midst of what's been a pretty decent stretch, you know, back to back wins over over Detroit, you know, the the big win over the weekend as well. I I you know, this has been bubbling under the surface since Terry Stotts was let go since 3 games into the season. You know, it sounded like there was a mini revolt against Adrian Griffin's defensive schemes. I think Milwaukee made the right move. Like, I I asked our guy, Baruth, on XM last night straight up. I'm like, obviously, you don't wanna fire your coach 43 games into the year. That's not a it's not a positive typically. Yeah. I think the only time it's really worked out was the David Blatt situation, which was eerily similar, although that was his 2nd season. And, of course, they brought in Ty Lou and went on to win the title. But, you know, I I asked him, do you feel better about the Bucks chances to win the title right now than you did at the time 8 hours ago when Adrian Griffin was still the coach? And he said, yeah. Absolutely. Like, how how could you not? Right? I I I think this team it's actually amazing to me that they're 30 and 13 while very clearly not believing in their coach, playing, you know, the wrong schemes on on both sides of the ball. And, you know, I think I think that just speaks to the level of talent and the kind of season that Giannis is having where, you know, you could be poorly coached. Nobody could be on the same page, and you're still the 2nd best team in the Eastern Conference. My read on this and, you know, there's been a lot of reporting in the last 12 hours, you know, kind of thing, some of the typical postmortem that you get in these situations. I I don't think anybody, like, disliked Adrian Griffin, the guy. Yeah. I I don't I don't think this was a situation where they just couldn't stand him and, you know, nobody nobody was receptive to what he was saying. I think they didn't respect his coaching acumen. Right? I mean, all all the reporting has been everybody gave him a chance, everybody was patient, and it just didn't work out. So if I'm Milwaukee, I'm okay pulling the plug at this juncture, doing it early enough in the season that you can you can install somebody. It certainly looks like it's going to be Doc Rivers, stepping in, which we can get to that in a moment. I'm not sure how I feel about that decision. But, you know, I I I think rather than waiting this out, you know, obviously, the front office was well aware of of how the players felt about about Griffin as a coach. I I think they knew it was a sinking ship. Right? So it it's a dramatic move. You know, it's it's going to to cause ripple effects. It's gonna be a big story in the NBA all week. I get that. I think it was absolutely the right call for Milwaukee. Absolutely the right call. I I think it is probably the right call, but the fact that it's the right call and and it's this early in the season, you just passed the halfway mark. You should take a good hard look at whoever made the decision to bring him in, and I think that their job should be in question. Why move off of Mike Budenholzer, who has been a perennial successful coach to bring ins if you're gonna do it, then you bring in somebody who has experience that can help develop the chemistry between a pair of superstars that are now playing together. Adrian Griffin obviously wasn't that guy because they made this decision so quickly. I don't know what they saw in him from a resume standpoint, a personality standpoint that made them say this was the right move. So that is a huge swing and a miss. And for you to admit that you made a mistake this early in the season, especially after the coach has helped the team win, at least we think, 30 of their first 43 games, It is a huge red flag for the decision making in that franchise. Look at the there are only 2 coaches in NBA history that have been fired quicker for their first stint with the team. So this like, David Blatt wouldn't qualify. Mike Brown with the Lakers wouldn't qualify. What was that? John Beeline? That'd be my guess. Not on the list. Jerry Tarkanian in the nineties with the San Antonio Spurs started 9 and 11, got fired after 20 games, couldn't win over the locker room, and he was having panic attacks on the sideline. The other one was Bob Weiss who coached the Seattle Supersonics when they had Ray Lewis or, not Ray Lewis. Ray Allen and Richard Lewis. And they went he went 13 and 17 through the first 30 games. That was it. Those are the 2. So 9 and 11, 13 and 17 with David Robinson on one team, Ray Allen and Richard Lewis on the other. So clearly, there were expectations that were not being met. That's the confusing thing about Adrian Griffin. You're falling short defensively, but how can you say the expectations aren't being met when you're the 2nd best team in the Eastern Conference? So I am miffed by this. I get that. I get that. And John Beeline, by the way, he made it 54 games. That's way longer than for some reason, I was thinking he got fired, like, 2 months in. So apologies to the Beeline family, for dragging him into this mess. But, I I totally fair what you're saying. You know, the process has to be questioned. And I think the reporting has danced around it in some ways. I think it was Giannis' decision. Right? I I think the I think the Bucks front office wanted to hire Nick Nurse. I think Giannis did not wanna play for Nick Nurse for whatever reason. There's been rumblings that it came back to, I wanna play for somebody who played in the NBA. And Adrian Griffin technically did play in the NBA. He was a a decent role player, in the in the late nineties and early 2000. He was actually on the the Babs 0 6 team that lost to the Heat in the finals, which I didn't realize he had played like that recently, which I know is you know, longer ago at this point. But, nevertheless, you know, obviously, the record is one thing, but, I mean, you you probably don't watch the Bucks quite as closely as I do. Obviously, you're you're more of a magic guy, but something was off with this team, man. Something was off. And, again, I I give credit to the Bucks for not just saying, hey. We're we're 30 and 13. Everything's okay, because it clearly wasn't. It it really was not. I mean, there's been some, I wouldn't say off court stuff, but more like, you know, kind of weird moments postgame, you know, where it's like, oh, we won, but nobody really feels like we won. You know, Giannis Yeah. You know, pretty openly talking about, you know, some of the questions with the defensive scheme in particular, Brooke doing the same thing. I I I think this was Milwaukee getting out in front of something that was not going to end well, and they knew it wasn't going to end well. There's no guarantee that bringing in Doc Rivers salvages this. Right? I would actually I'd actually be okay with just handing it off to to Joe Prunty. Like, see if you could talk Terry Stotts to coming back in now with no Adrian Griffin. It seemed it seemed like that was a one to one issue. I don't think there is some sort of problem between Stops and the players or Stops and the organization. I think he has an issue with Griffin. But I I don't know that this Bucks team needs someone like Doc Rivers. Like, Doc Rivers, when he comes in, he kinda becomes the the CEO, the face of the franchise in some ways. And, obviously, that's still Giannis and Dave. Yeah. The the doc's not gonna overshadow them, but I just don't know if that's the right type of coach. Okay? I think you need you you need somebody who's just kinda focusing on strategy. I don't know that the Bucks need the personality higher. Right. Yeah. I mean, Doc Rivers, you talk about a guy that can ensure an early playoff exit, and that is Doc Rivers. That is that and it's been consistent over many seasons now with him as a head coach. He's still chasing after the that second championship, and he's lived off of that that title that he got with the Boston Celtics for a long, long time now, basically, since Adrian Griffin was playing in the NBA, if you wanna timeline it. Well and that was that was at a time and you know, whatever. Doc, you know, Doc's got a coach of the year with the magic, as you know. Yep. That was at a time when the lead was, in my opinion, a little bit talent efficient. You know, the the Celtics roster was completely loaded at that point. Right? I mean, you had KG, Allen, Pierce. You had good role players as well. And, you know, I I I I'm not trying to take anything away from doc, but, you know, I I think a lot of coaches would have won the finals with that Celtics team is basically what I'm saying. And it's been failure after failure after failure since then. So I you know, doc is a name. Absolutely. If if you're in Milwaukee and you're looking to make a splash, Doc Rivers is about as big of a name as you could bring in. I just I don't I don't know that this is exactly what the team needs. So he did play in the NBA. So, apparently, that's a big deal, to be honest. Well, you do need somebody now. I don't think you can just bring somebody in that is that is like Adrian Griffin in the fact that they've never coached in the NBA. I don't think you can throw somebody in in the middle of the season that needs to learn how to be a head coach and all of the responsibilities and the, the tactical nature of it and every just everything else. It's a big job. There's a lot that goes into it, managing not only the personalities on the team, but also assistant coaches and media responsibilities. You need somebody that's done it before that's been through the car wash. For that reason, doc makes sense, but it's just so disappointing now with the benefit of hindsight. You go back to the start of this whole process. This was a premier job being able to coach Giannis, and then they add Damian Lillard to being able to coach a team that had those 2 players on it. You could have hired anyone you wanted, and they would have taken this job if they were available. And they blew that opportunity, so we'll see what they're able to do now. You're right. Last thing I'll say on this, I I'm very interested to see, you know, is there an immediate change for this team? They're they're home for the Cavaliers tonight, a team that blew them out. They I mean, the Cavs have been blowing everybody out somehow, of late. So maybe they're Oh, I saw that firsthand. Yeah. I do. My god. I put some Darrell. I put him in a fantasy lineup this past week just hoping I'm like, alright. If I could just get, like, 5 total threes on the week, that that'd be a win. You know, but But he had 8 on Monday, so you He sure did. Swing. Oh, man. He's been a monster. I I don't know what's going on with the Cavs, but I'm interested to see, is there an immediate change? Right? Like, does this team kind of snap back to looking like they did the last few years? Because I I think that's kind of the undercurrent from the veterans. It's like, hey. We had a really good thing going here. And, obviously, you fired the coach who was the the head of that. So there there's going to be some sort of change expected. But I I think the team was like, hey. We we know what to do. We have, for the most part, the same guys. You know, we we think we can replicate, you know, how we were rolling in past regular seasons. Like, it it almost feels like the players, you know, have their own system that they want to install. Right? And I think they were trying to instill that on Griffin earlier in the year. You know, I I think one of the biggest faults for Griffin offensively and, you know, the defense is a whole different ballgame, but you watch this team and, like, I think if you didn't know who Damian Lillard was, if you're just somehow blindly watching a Bucks game, I I don't know that you would look and you'd be like, oh, that's the guy that they brought in, you know, to to be the number 2. That's a guy who's a borderline top 10 player in the NBA. Like, he hasn't really been used that way. And I I think part of that credit to Dame for I I think he's going out of his way to try to fit in, but he's not he's not really taken over games in the way that he used to. There's been a few spots here and there. But he he's just he he kind of just looks like another guy out there, and he's he's a very high level guy for the bucks, but I don't think that's how you want this team to operate. You know? I think we we sometimes we criticize the my turn, your turn type of offenses, but when you have somebody like Giannis and you have someone like Dame, like, I I almost think that's okay. And I I'd like to see a little bit more, you know, of Dame as the featured option, and I I think we do get that by default. So, I mean, it sounds like they just maybe they don't have a good combo game, but then but they also don't necessarily need to get in each other's way. So interesting. I will be watching tonight because I think this is this is tracking to be a Milwaukee Bucks blowout. Whenever players in any sport get their way when it comes to firing a coach, they lock in to prove themselves. And the Cavs are due. They are overdue. After 8 wins, the longest win streak in the NBA this season is 9. So it's hard to get there, and they would have to beat a team that is as focused as they've been all year and at home, I think this, this will be a Milwaukee blowout. So I'll be on the Bucks minus 6a half tonight watching on league pass unless it's on national TV. I don't believe I don't know. It is. I don't know what the national TV game is tonight. I would be I believe that is the map. Yeah. No. That one's not. It's the Mavericks and the Suns. That's a good one too. Yeah. That's a banger. Alright. Let's get to the questions in the chat. Shizzle09 says 12 team, 9 cat league, Scoot or Grayson Allen rest of season? Boy, these, these blazers are a tough watch. I'll tell you that. I think I'd give my shot to to Scoot though. I, you know, I I know the percentages can be a little rough around the edges, but, but I think he's starting to put it together a little bit more. And Grayson Allen is just, I like Grayson Allen, but if you're comparing the 2, he can fade into the background too much with that that sun's team that's rounding into form. I would lean Grayson Allen, partially as I've said on the show many times because I'm I'm a wuss when it comes to these type of situations. I want the safer option, and I think that's Grayson Allen. Right? And, you know, it's obviously been on a a crazy heater over the last few weeks, and that's gonna come back down to earth at some point. But especially in a night cat league, the turnovers with Scoot are a big issue. I mean, that's like 3 to 4 turnovers a game, sometimes more. Did the percentages obviously have been terrible? Like, his last 15 games have been easily his best stretch of the season. 14 points, 6 assists. That's great. You know, almost 4 boards. Not really giving you a whole lot defensively. You know, if if he has one multi steal game in that span despite playing close to 30 minutes, and he's 36% from the field, 74% at the line on a decent volume, almost 4 free throw attempts per game. So, like, in a points league, I I think there you know, Scooter is is defensible, but I think the percentages and the turnovers really kill you in 9 cats. So we'll we'll split on that one. George says good morning. Nick and Brandon, good morning, George. Good to see you. I saw George was also asking where, where we're from or where we are. I'm in Orlando, and Nick is in Milwaukee. Yes. Yes. We've got the Eastern Conference covered on this podcast. Yeah. Golf season also very far away, up here in in Milwaukee, but, head head to Arizona. We're getting south this weekend. I can tell you right now we have, like, still 8 inches of snow on the ground, so we will not be playing golf in Wisconsin anytime soon. Adithya says, what up, Dick and Brandon? Shout out from Jakarta, Indonesia. It's 10:37 PM here. Wow. Alright. Shout out to Indonesia. It's really expanding on the brand. I love it. Yeah. And it follows up with a question. He says, Josh Giddey was just dropped in his league. Is he worth a grab? This is a Yahoo head to head 12 team 15 category league. And for context, this is your typical 9 cat plus vehicles made, free throws made, 3 point percentage, double doubles, triple doubles, and flagrant fouls. Alright. Interesting. He says TJ McConnell would be his drop. He has Halliburton on IL. So, basically, would he would you drop McConnell to pick up Giddey? I don't think I would, and and I and I think the Halliburton factor in your lineup is a big reason why. One for 1, I would rather have Giddey than McConnell, but when I I'm guaranteeing that I have the Pacers starting point guard. I think that's more valuable than Giddey. So I would hold and then swap when Haliburton comes back in a couple days. Yeah. I mean, the McConnell thing's been weird. Like, I I thought we were set up for a pretty nice run here for McConnell with with Halbert and out, and the minutes have kinda been all over the place. Obviously, he's been mostly coming off the bench. You know, even when Halbert out the other night, he he only played 12 minutes. So I you know, there there's certainly some steals upside. There's there's a little more assist upside with McConnell, but I I think in this situation, I would just grab Giddey, and you're hoping, you know, Haliburton's back by the end of this week. Right? It could be only 2 more games, and then he's back in the mix and McConnell becomes a little bit more relevant, especially in the 12 team league. So not not the biggest Josh Giddey guy, but I I think there's there's a little bit more there and certainly gonna be more consistency with him than there would be McConnell. Alright. Zip says, hi. He's in a 10 team, 9 cap roto league. He's punting points, and he does not need blocks. So with that in mind, what are our thoughts on potentially trading Trae Young and Chet Holmgren for James Harden and Laurie Markkanen? He says instead of Harden, he could also ask for Halliburton or Curry. So a potential blockbuster cooking up here. Wow. Could ask for Halliburton or Curry instead of instead of James Harden. I I assume that that's what that means. I like that. Yeah. And especially when you put it the way that you do. Points, that's primarily what you're getting from Trae Young. Blocks, you get a bunch of those from Chad Olmgren, so not worried about that. Laurie Markkanen's filling up the stat sheet. Love the way the Jazz have been playing outside of, last night's disaster. And, yeah, I'm a I mean, Tyrese Halliburton is such a fantasy monster. I would I would I would go for Halliburton and marketing personally, but you can sell me on James Harden for the 14th time this year. Yeah. I mean, I really, any of those guys are fine for me. You know, I I don't know that you necessarily need to make this trade. I guess if you're if you're super heavy on blocks and you you feel like you're okay there, then, you know, parting ways with Chad is fine. Marketing doesn't really block shots. It's just points, rebounds, threes, and percentages there. So I I don't really have a problem with that. I mean, Trae Trae Young versus Halliburton versus Curry versus Harden, those guys are all in the same general range. I I I think excuse me. I'd probably I'd probably prefer Halberton the most out of those, especially if you think he's gonna stay healthy. So I would start there and then kinda go down the ladder. You know, obviously, you're you're buying somewhat low on Steph Curry, which is you know, we're speaking in Steph Curry terms. So he's he's still an elite player, but I yeah. I I I think this is a fine deal, given your your category needs. Ian says he's in a 9 cat league. He's got a trade question here. Should he trade De'Aaron Fox, John Collins, and Deandre Ayton for Tyrese Maxey and Jeremy Grant. So I I guess I I shouldn't say I know which side he's on here, but, basically, Fox, Collins, and Ayton or Maxey and Grant. Which side do you want? I definitely want Tyrese Maxey, but I'm not really in love with the idea of giving up De'Aaron Fox. I think I'd rather have the, the first end of the deal, De'Aaron Fox, John Collins, take my chances on him. And and Deandre Ayton, I know has been frustrating, but you get him back in that lineup. I mean, he's gonna put up numbers, with the blazers. I don't know who else is really grabbing rebounds there. Yeah. I'm I'm with you. I mean, Max is the best player in the deal, so I get the appeal. I you know, the percentages are better. You know, they're they're I I I'm not gonna tell you to not go get Tyrese Maxi, but I I do think this being a 3 for 2 makes the makes a difference for me. I I think I just rather keep the 3 side of this one. And I know Aiden's kind of a depressing player to own and Collins is all over the place, but I I think on aggregate, that's still the better side here. Jeremy Grant's super inconsistent. Not really as good of a fantasy player in category leagues as you think. I mean, he's outside the top 100 on the year, despite scoring pretty well. The other nights where he just doesn't really give you anything else. So if if, you know, if there's a 3rd player that you could attach, you know, to the Maxey Grant side, maybe that evens it out. And, you know, certainly, I would I would, again, much rather have Maxey than Fox. But, yeah, I would I would stick with the the 3 player side of this one. Ian also asked, what is the return of Evan Mobley, and would you trade him for Ayton and John Collins? Okay. So kind of a follow-up here. No idea on Mobley. You know, Cavs have been playing so well that, like, we haven't even thought about Mobley and Garland in a while. There was a report about a week ago that Mobley had begun doing some conditioning work. That was last Monday. They said the the projected 6 to 8 week timeline that that we got in mid December is still on track, so that would mean that he could be back as early as the week before the all star break. I wouldn't be surprised if they just take it easy, and and he's not back until February 22nd when they resume play against Orlando. So that would be the Mobley side of things. I don't know, man. I'd if you need the immediate help, then yeah. Because I I I I think, you know, you're getting 3 extra weeks potentially out of Aden and Collins. Yeah. I tend to agree. I'm not in love with making this move. February mid February will be here before you know it, but if you're scratching and clawing for wins, you gotta do what you gotta do, and you could certainly do worse than Ayton and Collins. But if you have a suitable replacement for Evan Mobley, and it's just a it's just a bit of a downgrade from those other guys, I I wouldn't panic just yet. He's clearly gonna be a factor. He's a defensive player of the year candidate type of player, and I know the Cavs have played well without him, but they'll welcome him back with open arms when he's available. Alright. We'll hit a handful more of these before we head out. Alright. So here's a good one. Who would you stash for the rest of the season in a 12 team, 9 cat league, Scoot Henderson, Deandre Hunter, or Asar Thompson? Deandre Hunter is Asar Thompson, I'm out on at this point. Love what we got from him at the start of the year. I think those days are are over. Scoot, I I I can't quit Scoot Henderson, so I'd between I'd be between Scoot and Deandre Hunter. I think it just depends on what you need. Yeah. I I think if you're shooting for upside, Scoot, you know, if you're talking about somebody that is not gonna be in your lineup most weeks and you just kind of want the option to throw them out there, that would probably be my choice. Again, I'm not the biggest Scoot guy. I think there's a disconnect between, like, his actual value and his future as a player versus his immediate fantasy value, but not out out of the question that, you know, he could be good down the stretch, especially if Portland, you know, trades about the broadband, pulls back on some other veterans. You know, we saw it with Shane Sharp at the end of last year at that incredible, like, 10 game run at the end of the season. So I don't know. I I would say either Scooter or Asar just because if if you're holding somebody for, like, a late season cash in, I just don't know. Like, Deandre Hunter, what's the ceiling here? Right? Is it he's like the 85th best player over the last few weeks of the year. Like, I don't know. They got City Bay. They got Jalen Johnson. So I I would go Scooter Asar if you're shooting for upside. Yeah. He hasn't played since December 20th, but he is he's an excellent player when he's out there. So that's the appeal. Is Brook Lopez for Terry Rozier a fair trade? Yeah. I haven't yeah. I haven't thought a lot about Brook Lopez lately. I don't know. Is he faded into the, into the the background abyss in the, fantasy landscape? He got off to a great start. I mean, he's still a top 30 guy on the year. He's missed 0 times, but every game, you know, he's kinda given you your typical Brook Lopez stat line, you know, underwhelming as a rebounder, scoring's down a little bit. 2.9 blocks per game though, and that's really what you're after is the blocks. Yeah. Yeah. The the bucks overall haven't been as good defensively, but his stats are still good. I, is Brook Lopez I yeah. I mean, I think that's a fair trade. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's fair. Obviously, you're targeting the blocks with with Lopez, and, you know, you'd be if you're selling Rozier, you're selling high, but, you know, I also think we expect a a bit of a comedown, you know, now that he he's in Miami. Do you think people should wait if they're gonna if they wanna trade for Terry Rozier, wait to see depressed numbers in Miami, a little bit of panic because, he plays a more efficient but less volume based role. Yeah. We got a follow-up from, Adithya, by the way, Brandon. Says he went to high school 1 hour south of Orlando in Alright. Melbourne, Florida. Great beaches down there. I'm sure I bet that was a good experience. I I would certainly imagine. Probably probably better than going to high school in in rural Wisconsin, where there are 0 beaches. Great experience. Love it. Wouldn't trade it for anything, but no beaches. Alright. Good question about the Jazz. Who are the most valuable fantasy assets on the Utah Jazz for the remainder of the season, and how valuable is Collin Sexton? I mean, Jazz continue to play well. I I think they're they're obviously not a title contending team, so anything could be on the table as far as what direction they choose. But, I mean, Sexton has been awesome over the last few weeks. You know, if if you held on in the early portion of the season when they were playing him 17 minutes off the bench, you you've cashed in. I mean, ever since he entered the starting lineup, he's been at 23 points, 2 and a half rebounds, 5 assists, really good percentages. 52, 4289 over the last 22 games for Sexton. Yeah. I, I'm they've been starting Simone Fontecchio, recently. They did knock down some threes. So I I mean, as long as they're gonna keep him in the starting lineup, that's sort of an under the radar, on and off the waiver wire kinda guy that you could look at. We talked about John Collins as part of the mix. But I I think it's really just it's the big names. So that that's what's been carrying the load for Utah. They've been playing great. Marketing, Clarkson, and Sexton has really been the reason why, they've been successful over everything else. So I I don't I'm not falling over myself just because they've been playing well to add a bunch of jazz players. Alright. We'll do a couple more, and then we'll be out of here. Guilford says he got Curry for Sabonis in a 12 team roto league. What are our thoughts? Interesting deal. Yeah. For sure. Anytime you can add Demont to Sabonis, I'm a I'm a fan of that. You know, Steph Steph is still amazing, but, I think we're seeing a a bit of a decline. I mean, definitely a decline with the warriors overall. But Sabonis is just such a well rounded player, and the more categories you gotta worry about, the more interested I am in De Montes Sabonis because he he does a little bit of everything. So I like it. Yeah. Yeah. I've I've like both sides of this. I think they've been they've been very comparable this season. You know, I very different players, of course. Like, you know, if you're if you're giving up Sabonis, you're sacrificing, rebounding, you're sacrificing field goal percentage, but you're gaining a ton in terms of threes. Yep. Pretty comparable in terms of assists at this point. But, you know, really, it's the rebounds. It's field goal percentage, and Sabonis does kill you at the free throw line too. I mean, 5.2 attempts per game, 67%. So if you're getting Curry, you know, it's a big boost in threes. It should be a big boost in free throws as well. George says, thoughts on Miles Bridges rest of season. Love owning him so far, but just concerned with the 2 game week during our finals week in week 21. Interesting. Yeah. Good idea to always get a good head. Yeah. Who would you target if you were to trade Miles Bridges? So Bridges ranks about 50th overall on the season. I I I I'd like him as well. You know, you do worry a little bit. You know, we we talked about somebody that could be moved at the deadline if they don't wanna resign him. You know, he's expiring after this year. I I'd shoot for players in his range. Right? I mean, it's sounds obvious, I I guess, but, you know, could you get could you get Bam Adebayo? You know, could you get to Marco Rosen? You know, Anthony Edwards only ranks a few spots ahead of him. Probably can't pull that one off, but maybe That'd be tough. You know, someone like Franz Wagner. I I'd have to take a look and and kind of, you know, zoom ahead in the schedule to to see what the game weeks look like. But, yeah, if you if you're if you're in sitting in a good spot and starting to look ahead at at your finals week, then that means you're having a pretty good season. Absolutely. Yeah. I'd be lying if I said I knew what the, what the games tracked like for all these teams come the end of the regular season, but I think some of the names names that Nick brought up would be, yeah, phenomenal ads. Franz Wagner, I can speak to for sure in terms of just him coming back from injury and and, you know, he looks like his old self again. And so, I wouldn't be I think some people may look at, the game log and and get a little spooked because of all that missed time, missed 9 games, and then came back. It was a little slow out of the gate, but I think he looks pretty good. Brandon Ingram be another one. Love the way the Pelicans are playing as well. Desmond Bane with all of the work that he has on his back now and, who knows with the way that the Memphis Grizzlies season is tracking, he could end up being a guy that lands in an even better situation. Kate Cunningham, back from injury tonight. If you can find a way to get him on your roster, I'd I'd I'd be game for that too. James asked for that trade, Jaren Jackson, for Ant Man, and then he he followed up and said he's thinking about offering Jaren Jackson plus Cam Johnson for Anthony Edwards. Even even with attaching Cam, I think I'm okay with this. You know, Jaren Jackson could very well go on a crazy run over the next month, but the efficiency is gonna be all over the place. Like, the shot blocking has kind of fallen off a cliff. Like, when he has to operate as their number one option, he's just not the same guy on defense. And you could find comparable players in terms of what he does offensively. Like, the the whole reason you took Jaren Jackson early in the draft or paid up for him in an auction was because you thought you were getting, you know, 2.5 plus blocks per game on top of what everything else he does, and that just has not been consistent. So I know I know Ant's been a pretty big disappointment. You know, he ranks quite a bit lower than you'd think on the year. I would I would rather have Ant the rest of the way, so I I would do that deal. Yeah. And I think the reason why is just he's not really giving you a lot outside of he's got good scoring outputs, but, I I don't think if you were to compare the numbers that he was that he's been as prolific as he was a year ago, doesn't really do a lot on the defensive end because their defense is anchored by those frontline guys and those bigs, and he doesn't really have to do much. So, and the 3 point percentage is way down. So, yeah, I I still like Ant Man, but I I understand the question. I think I think I would go Anthony Edwards and just kinda hope that there's a turnaround coming. Alright. Last one, then we'll get out of here. Is Nurkic and Kennard for Donovan Mitchell a fair trade? I would say if you if you're if you're getting Donovan Mitchell, then do this deal right now. I I don't know that this is fair. I I know Kennard not. Yeah. Kennard's been better of late. You know, we'll see how sustainable that is. Like, you know, even over the last couple weeks when he's been taken off, he's still, like, outside the top 100. Nerds had a fine season. Feels like he's, you know, gonna get injured at some point like he does every year. So if somebody's offering you this deal and you're getting done by Mitchell, do it. I think if you're offering this deal to somebody, they're probably gonna turn it down. Yeah. Scoring, assisting, steals, you're getting a lot with Donovan Mitchell, and none of that's going away. It doesn't matter when Darius Garland comes back or any of that. So slam the button. No. It's not a fair deal, and that's why you should take it if you can. Yes. Alright. Thanks for all the questions in the chat, guys. You guys make this fun pod for us to do. Hopefully, it's informative every week. We'll have Rick Kamala and doctor Ray back on the mic tomorrow afternoon or, actually, no. Tomorrow morning. It should be around, 11 AM EST. And then Alex Barutha, Ken Kreitz, and Shannon McKeown coming to you on Friday. They'll be talking all things waiver wire, do a little weekend preview. Brandon, enjoy the rest of your week, man. I know it's been a crazy couple weeks for you, but enjoy watching the Orlando Magic. I will enjoy playing golf the next few days, and we'll talk next Wednesday. Good luck out there.