Hey, everybody. It's doctor A. Steve Alexander here on the award winning Rodel Dwyer Fantasy Basketball podcast sponsored by Underdog. I'm Doc. That's Rick. It's Thursday, January 4th. We got a lot to talk about. Let's do it. Happy New Year, fantasy freaks. It is your boy, Rick boys Rick Kamla and Steve Alexander here. The rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast presented by underdog fantasy, and, happy New Year to you all. We, doc, need need to get into the fantasy fallout of the OG Anunoby trade. Hey, doc. OG is back. Okay? Complained about him, oh, I have, a a lot this year, and when I saw, I believe this came down on Sunday, I OG, I don't know if he traded to the Knicks. Oh, yep. Here we go, baby. And and so many, ripple effects of this, trade as well. So let's start with OG Doc and, and and kinda take this 1 by 1. OG Onanobee, I mean, these aren't great style ends. Okay? But the goodies have returned. I want Ogi Onanoby, and I made a trade frame in the Cam Dynasty for steals and threes. Alright? In the 2 games in New York, both wins, by the way, he's gone 17 6, with the rebounds, with 2 steals and 3 threes. He's gone last night against Chicago, 11, 8, 2 with 2 steals and 1 3. So, doc, in 2 games in New York, Ogi Onanovia is averaging 2 threes and 2 steals per game. This is what I'm talking about, dude. I'm very happy about the OG aspect of this trade, my friend. Well yeah. And I thought you would be, and I I like to trade for both teams actually in real real life. I feel like Emmanuel Quickley was kinda spinning his wheels in New York. I feel like RJ Barrett was kinda not necessarily the guy the Knicks wanted. I feel like OG was definitely spinning his wheels in Toronto. Like, all of those dudes needed a new, vibe, a new a new place to do their work. And I know you've you've been complaining about OG and then Obi here for about 3 weeks now. And, I remember somebody wrote a question like, is OG washed? And you're like, yeah. I'm done. He's he's done this year. I'm so mad about that trade I did. And I I think this is new life for him with the Knicks. I think he's good to go the rest of the season. Hopefully, we see that 3rd round Fantasy player instead of the 9th round guy we had in Toronto this year. Well, let me just clean something up real quick. I I have never on any platform said that OG Onanbia is washed. I might have use the word washed. I might have been frustrated with him and, like, accused him of going through the motions and not wanting to be there anymore. Okay. So Ogi Onanobe is is cooking here, guys. And again, Ogi Onanobe is a role player. Okay? We're not looking for 25, 5, and 5 here. I'm just talking about on the fringes looking for steals and threes and the lovely and delicious fantasy gold. Now, stand on the Knicks here, and we'll get to the Raptors in the second, doc. The, O'Gianonobe trade and with RJ Barrett and Emmanuel Quickley going out, it has set up an all you can eat buffet for Jalen Brunson and Julius Randle. I mean, the shots for these guys. Randle in the 2 games has gone 39 on 24 shots, 35 on 23 shots last night against Chicago. Brunson didn't shoot well in that first game, 16 on 23 shots, then had 31 last night on 22 shots. Okay? And I believe on the broadcast, they were saying it's the first time all year that Randall and Brunson have both hit 30 in the same game. Not a coincidence, guys. Barrett and Quick are gone. These guys are going to get all they want every night. Both guys are going to, get an uptick here, doc, in scoring, and, and I'll just leave it at that. But on the season, Brunson is averaging 19 shots per game. He is at, basically, 22a half. He's already up 3a half shots per game. Randle's averaging 18 shots per game on the season. He's at 23a half in these two games. He's up 5 shots per game, doc. Giddy up if you're a Randall and Brunson manager, man. This trade was great news for them. Well, it's exactly what you said. OG Anunoby is a role player. Right? He's not gonna he's not a volume shooter. RJ Barrett is a volume shooter. He needs to have the ball in his hands. He needs to shoot a ton to to really do what he does. That's gone. All of that is gone. And, Precious Ochoa ain't gonna be taking any of, Julius Randle's shots. So, yeah, I mean, it's it's extra shots for both guys every night, maybe, you know, 5 to 10 shots. That's a big deal. And I don't know if you noticed, but a gentleman named Isaiah Hartenstein went crazy last time. Twenty rebounds, 5 blocks. I think he had 10 points. He got some extra shots up too. So all you can eat buffet in New York is is correct. Hartenstein is killing it, man, his activity. Ochua, got up to 11 minutes last night. The way I see the stock ultimately is that Hartenstein's gonna play about 30 to 32, and Ochoa will be, in the 16 to 18 zone. Tibbs was asked, if Ochoa's gonna be the backup center, and he told the reporters in New York he can be. Okay. So, essentially, Tibbs doesn't give anything away. Right? You you gotta come in here and earn it, man. Every minute you get is precious, and you've gotta earn it through, sweat equity sweat equity with me. But I think Achewah is going to eat into the playing time of Hartenstein a little bit eventually, but Hartenstein is killing it right now. And and I I wonder, doc, I wonder if Hartenstein could keep this up. I mean, the energy he is expending, flying all over the court, banging off the ground, trying to block every shot. I mean, I love it. I freaking love it. The guy's a tornado out there, but I wonder how long he can keep that up. And I think part of bringing in a Chua was, they they didn't have anybody behind him. Jericho Sims, Taj Gibson, that ain't gonna work. K? Now you've got a good backup center in a Chua. And I'm not saying go pick up a Chua. I just think Chua's gonna get to the 15 to 18 minute range, and Hardenstein's gonna keep doing, big things. Let's go to, the Toronto side here, doc. Emanuel Quickley, is the big winner here, and I I want your tech to agree on that. And so start us off here on Quickley and what you've been seeing so far in these 2 games in Toronto. Both wins, by the way, doc. I let's do that. I I also wanna talk about Josh Hart before we're done because I'm wondering if he's if he's cooked. Or washed? Is he is he I'm not gonna say washed. I'm gonna I'm gonna washed? No. I I just wonder if he's if he's in trouble because he he his two stat lines have not been good. The minutes are there Ew. Everybody's not doing anything. No shots. I'm looking at 3 points. Right here. 11 points on 12 shots over the last 2 games. Yeah. 8 and 3. And, there's a lot of people out there who have him on their fantasy team right now, and they're like, he he was kind of my glue guy. He was my role player on my fantasy team. Like, OG is on the Knicks. Is he is he done? Do I need to cut him and move on? It's a good it's a good question here. He he floated on waivers in the Cannes dynasty earlier this year, and, and I passed. And I initially regretted it, but, doc, I mean, we it's just not there, man. It's just not there. You look at the the full season stat line from Josh Hart. 7 points a game. I mean, you just you lost me right there. Let's go on, though. Okay? Six rebounds. Very good rebounding guard. 3 assists. We're not even at a steal per game. We're 1 3 per game. Doc, this is a waiver wire guy that we're talking about here, and Josh Hart is one of these guys that is a stud in reality. He is a difference maker for a contending team trying to rise the standings when playoff series. But in Fantasy, I'm good. Okay. So let's move on to Emmanuel quickly. I I raced out and picked him up as soon as the trade went down. We've been saying all season, you know, what's the difference with Toronto this year, and why aren't they good? The only the only really thing I can see is Dennis Schroder has been running the show there, and Fred VanVleet was not. But, you know, they they were not happy with Schroder at point guard, I don't think. I don't know if Quickley or Scottie Barnes is the point guard now. I haven't studied the film or watched the team enough to know exactly who's running the point. I have a a suspicion it's both of them, but Quickley looks awesome. And Quickley, from day 1, got the starting job. He gained 35 minutes a night. He has a green light. He's good to go. I I think he's a huge winner in the trade. I think if you picked him up, that's awesome. If he's sitting on waivers in your league, you should go get him. We're gonna find out if how good of a basketball player he is between now and April. So, I'm I'm in a league where, it's a 10 team roster. You keep 8. Okay? And we talked about Keontae George. He's on my team, and I'm not happy with this. Okay? And and I went and picked up quickly. I'm still hanging in there with Keontae George, but I think I'm gonna drop him for a forward because now I have a glut of, of shooting guards and and point guards, because Quickley is good to go at, like, for years out into the future. Okay? Emanuel Quickley is going to be doing this for a while now. He's a starting point guard in the NBA. The Toronto made a big trade to go get him, and he's the guy. Okay? And and I think he's gonna take this job and run with it, doc. I don't think this is a blow into the dice and roll them down the table, and it's gonna crap out. No. I think it's gonna come up. I think you're gonna avoid that 7 on that table, doc. He is, to me, the biggest winner of this trade. He got the keys to a team. That rarely happens, doc. Okay? We know how there's all kinds of good point guards on planet Earth. Okay? But only 30 of them start in the NBA. And and then the only, like, 15 to 20 of them are, like, really difference makers. Right? And I think Quickley can get into that 15 to 20 group. In the, 2 games, he's averaging 24 and 4, with 3 stocks per game and 3 and a half threes per game. And he's just getting started, getting to know his new teammates and finding out rhythm and where they like the ball and all that kind of stuff. If these are the results in the first two games and two wins, come on, man. He is he is absolutely, green lit for success. RJ Barrett here is basically, to me, the same dude, doc. Okay? Getting in where he fits in. We're doing the slithery Richard Jefferson slashed to the bucket thing, some dunks. You know, obviously not a good jump shooter or at least a consistent jump shooter. He's gone 19 and 9 and 14 and 7 in the 2 games. Solid. Okay? He definitely should not be out there on waivers. Doxiakam has gone 30 points per game in these two games. Do you feel like like OG somehow was in the way, which I find hard to believe because they never ran plays for him, or do you think this is, yo. Okay. They just traded my boy, OG Onanobe. I'm next. And so I better pick up my play here to raise my value and get somebody to come rescue me from Toronto. How are you viewing Siakam's first two games here? Yeah. It's interesting because, you know, Siakam and OG were both sorta just treading water, and and Siakam looks kinda like a different player since his trade has gone down. I've heard rumors about the Pacers. I've heard rumors about the Hawks. I've heard rumors about this and that. Like, it sounds like Siakam is probably one of the biggest pieces in the the NBA trade puzzle that's gonna get moved this offseason. And I'd love to see him go to the Hawks. I'd love to see him go to the Pacers. I I don't really care. I I don't think he will stay in Toronto, and he'd be wise to ball out as much as he can between now and then, you know, to raise his his, trade stock as much as he can. But, doc, I I know you're a Hawks fan, caca, and, Jalen Johnson, who, maybe we should just bring into the conversation right now. Me and Antonio Daniels on give and go on NBA radio, I believe, yesterday, just brought up I it might have been the day before. Just kicking the tires on that report. Right? It was, Indiana. It was Dallas, and it was Atlanta. It's the teams that are kinda bellied up to the bar for Pascal Siakam. And we went team by team. And I mentioned that the Raptors really, really want, according to reports, Jalen Johnson in a trade. And so if the hawks wanted to trade Jalen Johnson, they could get into some Pascal Siakam. So, doc, I know I'm hitting you where you live right here because I know you have a big Jalen Johnson opinion. You know, I have a big Jalen Johnson opinion. Are you sending Jalen Johnson to Toronto to get Pascal in a hawks uniform? No. I mean, just what we've seen Jalen Johnson do the last 3 games, monster double doubles, dunk personal dunk contest, private dunk contest, whatever, in game dunk contest. No. I I don't I can't I can't do that. And and, really, I I I I'm trying to figure out who I was talking to because I do this show with you on Thursdays. Ken Kreitz and I do it on Tuesdays. Someone told me within the last couple weeks that they were not a Jalen Johnson fan. What? I just figured out who it is. It's Mark Schwarz, the ESPN report retired reporter famous ESPN retired reporter. I I mentioned Jalen Johnson to him. He was like, not really feeling it. I'm like, dude, what is wrong with you? You you obviously haven't watched him play, but, I'm not moving Jalen Johnson to get Siakam. The the the age difference alone is enough to stop me from doing that. When, when I mean, obviously, he's, he's been a badass in his craft. He just isn't watching. He he doesn't know much about Jalen Johnson. And, you know, in that scenario, you can just say, I don't know, rather than, like, go out on thin ice and, but anyway He knows a lot about fantasy, dude. Like, he was breaking stuff down. Like, he he's on top of everything. He just is not a Jaylen Johnson guy. Okay. Okay. That's cool. We can Yeah. We we can That's more Jaylen may More Jaylen Johnson for us. Exactly. So, let me bring up this comment right here, doc. This is from WW. Would you trade Beal for Quickley in a head to head points lead? You got to trade. I'd trade I'd trade Beal for a, Schlitz Malt Liquor Tallboy fry. Would you trade would you trade him for a beer bong, doc? Would would you would you go A funnel? I would I would take I would accept a funnel. I would accept literally almost anything. I get Beal off your team as soon as you can. That is a ticking time bomb. I completely agree with Doc. He went right where I thought he would go with this. Guys, look. Bradley Beal is back, and now is the time to sell high with him. K? Because he will get hurt again. I can't guarantee it, but this is what he does. Bradley Beal in the 4 game since his return has gone 6 points. Alright. 1st game back, we get it. Then 25, really good. Then 21, and that was a solid stat line. And then last night happened, 21 points, but it was on 7 of 20 and, like a kind of a small stat line from there, and you got beat by the LA Clippers. Now it wasn't all Beal's fault. Kevin Durant didn't play. Game over. Okay? Because the way Kawhi Leonard, Paul George, and James Harden are playing right now, you need all of your weapons. And it was a math problem for Phoenix last night. They just didn't have enough scoring. But, and by the way, doc, a quick stat for you, maybe the stat of the year. In the reality portion of this. The Suns big 3, 42% into the season, has played 64 minutes together. Beal, Booker, Durant, 64 minutes together, and we played 42% of the season. That's awful. That's how you that's what a disaster looks like. It reminds me of Russell Westbrook going to LA. Like, this is not working at all. They're 2 games over 500. They're, you know, trying to stay above the play in tournament line. This is not how we saw this going. But, guys, I want to give you, the the the solid advice from your boys, the OGs here. I'm Bradley Beal. Now is the time to sell high with him. Okay? Troubles around the corner. And, doc, I wanna tell the people this, do not ask for a lot for Bradley Beal. I have shopped him in the cam dynasty and it's crickets. Okay? And I'm not asking for a lot. I'm actually downshifting off of the full body of work and taking into account the dilapidation of his game. And I'm making trades with that valuation of Bradley Beal, and it's still crickets. Okay? So you're Beal for Quickley jump to the mouse, jump to your phone, and tap, tap, tap, and accept. Okay? Like, you know what I'm saying, doc? Like, I might even I I don't know. You'd have to give me some other examples here, man, but, but I would be looking to bail on Bradley Beal for sure. And, and I would, doc, start with, like, a regular market valuation, and then I would downshift it. Like, if somebody if you were offering a 3rd round pick in a trade, right, and maybe a dynasty trade, And and they said, no. It's not gonna well, then up it. Put a second round pick in there and see if that entices it. That would be a downshift that I would go with here to get Beal off my roster. I mean, we're living in a world where fantasy managers are dropping straight up dropping Jordan Poole right now. We're living in a fantasy world where Lori Markkanen is a ticking time bomb just like Bradley Beal is. No. Lori Markkanen, I would argue, is a true, like, get get rid of him now while his value's high. Beal, those numbers aren't even that good, Rick. 6, 25, 25, 21, 2 of 13 on threes. Right. KD wasn't there. If KD's playing, those numbers are half of what they are probably. I don't even know if it's if it qualifies as a sell high situation. Like, the fact that he's on the court and playing basketball and contributing to his team is enough for you to go try to move him, and you're right. You cannot ask for the world back. You can't treat this like 3 years ago, Brad Beal. This is today's Brad Beal. And even even if you're getting rid of him at a high point, you're still gonna get a minimal return, coming back. No doubt, man. I wanna bring up a comment here because this is pretty cool, doc. The worldwide presence of your boys. Adithya Maluk, who is in here frequently, says happy new year, 2024, Dake and Rick k. Shout out to, with much love from Jakarta, Indonesia. Adithya, that's awesome, man. We are live in Indonesia right now, doc, on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast presented by Underdog Fantasy. How's that feel, man? That feels good. We're big in Indonesia. You and I have had the the conversation in the past that it appears that we're also big in the Philippines. Who knows who knows where else, we're huge? Maybe maybe Iowa, maybe North Dakota. Hey, Rick. Underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to Rotowire with promo code rwnba. That's promo code r w m b a. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today. Use promo code rwnba to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Rick, when when Kenny Kreitz and I, when K train and I do this show together and I read that ad when I'm done, he goes, that's promo code RW NBA in his, like, radio voice. I mean, he's got this this whistle that he blows, the k train train whistle, and it's it's amazing. You you have to see it. K train's the man. I I don't have a whistle, nor do I have a bit right now in this moment, but, we we shout out k train. Love that dude. By the way, a quick update on the Cam dynasty, in my opinion, the greatest fantasy league on earth, which Dake is in. Me and, Darren Wilson, who's a media guy, a big time media guy in Minneapolis, reporter and, and announcer, me and him and Ken Crites are all separated atop the leaderboard by one game, doc. Doogie, as we call him, Darren Wilson, 57, 21, and 2. I'm 57, 22, and 1. I beat him last week 521, in an 8 category league. We don't do turnovers over here. Turnovers suck. They ruin leagues. Okay? And then we got the K train at 57 and 23. All 3 of us have 57 wins, and then it goes 21 else, 22 losses, 23 losses, for Doogie, me, and K train. That's pretty cool. And then Justin Fensterman, who's a big time fantasy, name, fantasy sports radio, and I believe Fantasy Alarm and all this kind of stuff, and and my boy, he's 4th. So that's the top of the leaderboard right now. But the k train is the defending champ, and we're trying to knock him off, man. So shout out to the k train. Adithya, doc, brings up a question here. Are Eason, Tara Eason, Poje, Pojemski, and Trace Jackson Davis still holds Yahoo head to head 12 team 15 Cat. I say yes, doc. On all 3 of those guys are still holds. How about you? Can you throw that up on the screen so I can see it? I sure can, and I should've done that. And so that all of our viewers can see it as well. So Tara Eason, didn't play last game, I don't think. That is correct. That is you know you know you know why. Right? Okay. Let me break it down for you. Let me break it down. Been my birthday that I took off. Yeah. No. It it was last night, actually. It was, it was Nets at Rockets. Okay? Let me explain what happened there. Ime Udoka has been playing, Tara East in 25 to 27 minutes. Right? And he's questionable for every game. And so, Emayo Doka was like, yo, bye week. Let's rest him. It's the Nets. That's what happened last night, doc. If that were the Celtics or or the Thunder or, like, a good team, Easton would have played last night. I am telling you right now, he looked for an opportunity to rest Tara Iason last night. It is nothing to worry about. Okay. So I and I'm still in on Iason. I wish he was playing better than he than he is. I wish we were I wish he was automatic lock so people didn't have to even have to ask this question, but, I mean, it's a pretty good question. I like Ethan. I'm in on Poage. I'm all in on Poage. Like, I'm not I'm not dropping Poage. And then do you have to be stepping on Poage? No. TJD is also a guy I'm hanging on to until I just can't do anymore. We've talked about it a hundred times here. Steve Kerr loves him. I don't know how he filled the 57th in the draft. He's better than Draymond Green as a basketball player right now. So I'm I'm I'm in on all 3 of these guys. But, you know, if you're in a, say, 10 team league and there's hot free agents, these are the guys that you're gonna be having to make decisions on. So I I get the question. Yeah. Trace Jackson Davis would be the guy on the cut line for me, played 24 minutes. He is starting, but he's not gonna play big minutes. They're gonna work in Looney. Draymond Green's return, is gonna happen at some point here, and that's gonna eat into his minutes. Sarge is still, a player in this. And so, I for now, I'd hang in there with Trace Jackson Davis, but Doc is right. Poje ain't going anywhere, man. He plays harder than anybody else on the roster. Okay? And they they just I I was thinking about this the other day. Steve Kerr was talking about we have a grip problem. Right? And they do. But the to me, they just don't play hard enough. K? They don't hustle. They're not diving around. They're not like, if Klay Thompson sees a loose ball, he treats it like Cam Newton treats the fumble in the Super Bowl. You remember when Cam Newton fumbled against Denver with the game on the line and just watched the ball and Denver pounced on it and you lose? You remember that? Do you remember that, doctor Ray? Right? That's Klay Thompson right now. He ain't diving on the floor. You is Andrew Wiggins diving on the floor right now? No. He's pissed. He's in the dog ass. He's coming off the bench. He came into the season in terrible shape. Blah blah blah. Alright. I digress. We have a, a comment here from, Alan Ramos. Just wanna pull this up right here. I picked up Jalen Johnson. He was on waivers in my league because he was injured. Just wanted to shout you out, Alan. Thank you for being in here, and that is a big win for your team. Don Sicario, says here, without Jalen, Hawks don't have anything worth Raptors' time. Doc, I would agree with that. Would you? Well, that's that's yes. And that's my big question about Dallas being in the mix. What are they gonna send to Toronto Good question. To have the answer. See how come back? Is it Grant Williams? Yes. I I believe, doc, that Dallas is the best fit for Paschal. Dallas needs, one more layer of star power. If you have Siakam, Kyrie, and Luka and they're all healthy, okay. You have my attention. Luka and Kyrie and the Luca Etz does not have my attention. So, Tim Hardaway junior, doc, would probably be in that deal. He's at 18/16, I believe, on the last 2 years of his deal. Grant Williams is in the 1st year of a 4 and 53. Maybe Masayu Jiri wants that barking dog, who has not been a barking dog this year in Dallas. It's been weird, and the performances have been bad. But, yes, maybe he wants Prosper. Maybe he wants Jalen Hardy. Maybe he wants Josh Green. Dallas has dudes that can be traded for Pascal Siakam. Cleba's contract, Rashaun Holmes' contract. They they got stuff, and they got picks. And so Dallas, to me, is gonna be the next home of Pascal Siakam, and I will really like that move depending on what they, give up. Go ahead, doc. As a as as a Dallas supporter, that would be big. Like, Luca needs help. He can't do he can't do this all season. He he he just can't he can't carry the team on his back the entire year. I wanna bring this up because this name is absolutely hilarious. And, as I bring this up, I'll, I hope the NBA isn't listening. It is Rick Candler and, doctor a Steve Alexander on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast presented by Underdog Fantasy. Bleep Scott Foster. I mean, it's hilarious, dude. You are funny. Would you trade Keegan for Quickley in a 9 category head to head? I would, doc. I would. And he sent me where I live right there. So it's, the announcer in Sacramento, Keegan, and the crowd goes Murray. It's the best. I freaking love that at Sacramento games, and I love me some Keegan Murray. But I'm gonna trade Keegan for Quickley right now, doc. How about you? Wow. Well, Murray kinda blew up last night. I think he had 28 and 12, couple threes. He'd been quiet for 4 games before that, so it was sort of sort of a buy low situation on Keegan until last night, but I I think Keegan is more of a I it's sort of like you're trading Keegan for deer and fox. Right? Because Quickley's gonna kinda be in that Fox role, and Keegan is more, like, in the OG and Inoue role. He's more of a 3 point shooter and a a role player guy on most nights. He's gonna have big games here and there, but I I think I'd rather have quickly. It is Rick Kamla and doctor Ray here on the World of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast presented by Underdog Fantasy. And, okay. Where do I wanna go next here with my boy? Let's go to the rise of Scoot Henderson here, doc. Scoot Henderson, it took a minute, but he is now doing what I think a lot of us thought he would do. He's in the starting lineup over the last week, a 4 game sample size. He is at 18 points, 4 rebounds, 7 assists, 1 block, 1 steal, 2 threes, and 30 plus minutes each game. And, doc, last night, the blazers predictably got thrashed by the Dallas mavericks. Scoot was the only player to play 30 plus minutes last night. And you look at the minutes played on the box score, it's 21, 22, 24, 23, that kind of thing, and then, woah, Scoot played 33. Guys, that is what we want to see. That is phenomenal news. K? That is a clear indication that even in a 30 plus point blowup, we gotta develop this guy, and we gotta play this guy. Okay? This is a sign that they will not shut down Scoot Henderson. This is a sign that he is the priority lineup wise for the rest of the season. Emprey Simon says who he is. He's a fantastic player. Jeremy Grant is who he is a fantastic player. Deandre Ayton, k, is not. And Deandre Ayton to me, doc, and I melted down on this on NBA radio yesterday, so I'll bring it over here. I still got meltdown left in me. I am out on Deandre Ayton. I am done defending him. I am done trying to tell people to complain about his low motor that they're wrong because they're not. He does have a low motor. Doc, Deandre Ayton has the worst talent to motor ratio in the entire NBA. This dude should be 20:10 walking, man. So, anyway, back to Scoot here, doc. I I believe that now he is the priority for the rest of the season. They got probably 55, 57% of their season left, and it is all about developing this guy right here. So talk to me about Scoot. I mean, I hope so. I had him in my DFS lineups last night. What did he shoot? 2 for 11, something horrific. But the minutes are there. He's coming on. He's he's he's actually playing a lot for Portland. He's actually over the last 3 weeks. You see his name a lot more than you saw before that. He's kinda balling out. I think last time was a fluke. I'm I'm with you. I'm kinda all in on on Scoot right now, even even though he made me mad last night. Yeah. And and so I'm glad he brought that up because, guys, it's gonna be dirty. He is shooting in the thirties over this stretch, I believe in the sixties on free throws. And I don't really care about 3 percentage because it's about the the the, you know, the number of threes that you hit, and then the percentages is sort of baked into the field goal percentage and head to head leagues and that kind of thing. So I don't care if he shoots 27% from 3 point range. I don't care if he's banging 2.1 threes per game. That's all I care about. And I I'm I'm going to, like, understand that I'm gonna take a field goal hit here. And so he's not a perfect player, but but Scoot, is ascending, and and I absolutely love to see that. Let's go back to the comment bar here, doc, and, and check-in with our people here. We love that you guys are out there. Let's go to, what what is, what what is this one right here? Mikoz, right here says, what do we think of Ivy? So I love Jaden Ivy, but I hate the, pardon me, the deployment of Jaden Ivy. And, doc, I watched, the Q4 and, overtime of of, Detroit and Utah last night. Boy, am I glad I popped that game on, doc. I I looked and I was like, oh, this game's close. Boom. Popped it up, watched that last part, and it was like March Madness. I mean, the the back to back to back to back, we had 4, like, potential game winning shots, just ballsy 3 balls, in the last, like, 30 seconds of that game. It was the good stuff, man. But when I'm watching Docking, let me explain something. I'll I'll keep it very real with you and the people. I don't watch a lot of Pistons basketball. I'm watching some Pistons basketball right now because of the streak. Okay? And then how they kind of come out of the streak, and they got smashed by Houston the other night. And so last night at Utah, I was kinda like, alright, Detroit. You're gonna go right back into another 17 game losing streak? What's gonna happen here? They played very well. It was a winning effort and performance, I thought, by Detroit, but Utah was just a little bit better. But I I'm watching these late game sequences, and I'm always seeing Isaiah Livers out there, and I don't see Jaden Ivy out there. It's a huge problem, doc. So in dynasty, I love him, you hug him, and you nourish him and nurture him and keep him. In redraft, I I in redraft, he's just a dude for me right now, doc. Well, dude, I sent you a picture last night, of my 3 bad beats at underdog fantasy. I had Fonsecchio scoring 12. He easily hit. Iacon Sexton scored a 18. He easily hit. Cunningham, easily hit. Lori Markkanen, easily hit. The only guy I was waiting on was Jaden Ivy. Oh. I'm I'm with you, dude. I turn on the Pistons game, and I'm like, where is Jaden Ivy? It's all Alec Burks. Right? And it's all Isaiah Livers. And they're just out there running around, run around, run around. But finally, Burks hits that crazy 3 to send it to the 2nd overtime or first overtime, whatever. And Ivy Ivy got back in the game for the 2nd for the end of the 2nd overtime when somebody fouled out. I don't remember who fouled out. Somebody lovers. I I think that game only went one overtime last night. I think you're confusing it with were you up late watching Sacramento, by the way? No. No. Yeah. That was the dunk. Freaking game of the year, man. That was a double overtime game. Right? God bless America. That was a good basketball game. Okay. So this was this was single overtime. Somebody fouls out. They put Ivy in there. He's got a open look at a 3, and he he gets here, and he turns and passes it over and out and burts. And I'm like, that's it. I'm done. I'm sorry, Dom. That's how I was. And and it's true. Like, Jaden Ivey was not in the game at all in the 4th quarter. Just saying. Just saying. And it goes back to money, man. I mean, this whole win now mentality, and Jaden Ivey's young, and I I don't understand it. Thank goodness, Scoot does not play for Detroit. Oh, yeah. Asar Thompson too is in this minutes, buzzkill, that Monty Williams has created, but that was a hell of a game. And, you know, I I do understand Alec Burks playing a little bit, because he's a good player. Though, I I don't understand livers being in the way of Jaden Ivy. That makes no sense to me at all. We're developing livers over Ivy, a top five pick. That's insanity. Okay? Let's see here. Free Key says, do you think let me pull this up here. Look look look at me with the tech today. This is so slick, doc. Free Key says, do you think Klay talking about his combo with Kerr will help him improve this year? That is a great question. And, me and Antonio Daniels talked about this yesterday on NBA radio. I feel like it's a bit of a penalty box thing for Klay Thompson. Alright? Steve Kerr sat him down because Steve Kerr was pissed about the bad body language, and Klay talked in that sound bite about how Kerr talked to him about how his bad body language and negative energy was impacting the team, and it was. I watch almost every minute of every warriors game, and I cannot tell you how many times I've seen Klay Thompson, like, stomp and brood back to the bench after 3 more consecutive missed threes and just down like this. And dudes are trying to dap him up and lift him, and he's just not even raising his hand. It's bad body language. And, yes, it is bad, especially for young guys and all this kind of stuff. It but just, like, who wants to be around a powdered up dude all the time? Okay? So I don't think it's gonna have anything to do with Klay's play. I think what Steve Kerr did to Klay Thompson, doc, is he put him on notice. And he said, if you want to continue employment here with us, you have to change right now. Okay? And if you don't, dude, you're in a contract year. You're up here with your valuation of yourself. We're down here with our valuation of you. They they have talked off and on about contract extension all year, doc. No extension has been signed. It's because Klay is overvaluing himself. So I I I don't see this, positively impacting Klay Thompson at all. How about you? I mean, the fact that we're sitting here in January still talking about Klay's body language and something doesn't look right and I mean, the Warriors are are the the most dysfunctional team in the maybe not in the whole league, but their identity, they don't have an identity. They're just a mess. Detroit's the most dysfunctional team, and and then we can we can debate number 2. But but they're a mess. Like, Golden State has no identity. Klay Klay kinda looks old. You know? He kinda looks like a guy who's had Really? 3 major surgeries. Does he look washed? I didn't say washed. But, and the fact we're sitting here talking about Klay this late in the season, and, like, you know, you you turn on ESPN right now, and it's like, do the warriors have time to turn this thing around? They're on their this is like their last gasp. And, I'm not sure I'd put anything past Steph Curry, but the way things are going in Golden State, man, it sure it sure doesn't feel all that great. Rick, I've got a I've got a question pulled up here that timely to what we've been talking about. It's from the Philippines. Yes. From Ian. He says, do you hold on to John Collins if no one will give you anything for him? Let me let me check back in with John Collins here. My my inclination is to say hang in there with him. I mean, he's still, a a a a really solid player in the NBA. Now I I'm off of Collins because I fear the late season shutdown. You know, last, last 5 games uh-oh. The minutes are dreadful. 182621, 1824. Look, man. I'm looking at John Collins. I mean, if the minutes are gonna slide like this, you can cast them back to waivers. I mean, he'll be picked up immediately. Somebody hoping that things change and things budge. Oh, John Collins on waivers. Bam. I'm gonna snatch him up. But you might not ultimately regret it. On the season, if you round up and round down like I like to do, he's at 14 and 8, not even close to a block. We're 48 field, 30 7 3, making 1.4 threes per game. So, doc, we're we're real light in the fantasy gold here, man, and, and and the numbers are dipping. The playing time is dipping. The shutdown is around the corner. I I would look to flip him for something. You know, I don't know, doc, off the top of my head. Listen. Go ahead. So since you start talking about the the cam dynasty, and you always mention that I'm in the league, but we never talk about where I stand in the league because I'm always down I'm always down at the bottom. I mean, I get it. But you you mentioned that. I'm like, you know what? I haven't looked at that roster in a while. So if I've looked distracted for the last few minutes because I've been out there dropping guys, picking up my boys, Sal, Fintechio, Dude, I would drop John Collins for Fintechio right now. If the Jazz are gonna shut everybody down, they're gonna let Sal play at the end of the year. They're letting him play right now. I'm guessing his minutes he's probably giving 12 more minutes a game than John Collins is. Yeah. He's in the way. He's in the way for sure. Keontae George is not gonna get shut down. Right? They're gonna develop him. He will stay on the court. But the the Markkanen's, the Clarksons, those Kessler. Well, I mean, Kessler's a 2nd year guy. Why are we shutting him down? You know what I mean? You lose every night anyway. Dude, they haven't been playing him very much. I know. I does that make any sense to you? No. I I don't get it. Yeah. I don't get it either. Kelly maybe they're trying to, like, bill O'Kelly O'Leary trade value before trading him at the deadlines. They're auditioning him a little bit, but I think that's a good point. The the, Will Hardy's deployment of of Walker Kessler has been very mystifying, this year. Let's see here. What's another comment out here? We also we also got some Hong Kong speaking of, speaking of Keontay. They're coming at us from everywhere, Rick. This is amazing. Hong Kong, Indonesia. Philippines. Philippines. Let's go. This is huge, man. This is huge. World travelers without even leaving our homes. This is freaking amazing. I wanna go back to bleep Scott Foster here real quick and and have some fun with this. No. I mean, we're just freelancing here and winging it. He says, Kamala and Doctor Ray gives me mid late 2000s NBA TV vibes when Rick used to have Doc via phone patch to talk fantasy hoops to GOATs. Doc, bleep Scott Foster just brought up a moment in time for both of us, man. You on your rise, me on my rise, having you on the show with the with the two ways that we used to do, those were good times, man. Those were good times. We were we were popularizing fantasy basketball for the world in that moment, and that is not an inaccurate statement. It's not. And it also was such a such a crazy crazy thing that it's come full circle. Like, I I feel like you and I started almost together on that show. Even though I wasn't paid, I wasn't part of it. I wasn't even a fantasy analyst at that point. Really, I just started at Rotoworld, and I was like, I'm gonna call up my boy, Camlin. I and you liked a couple of my takes, and you're like, hey, doc. Next time you call in, tell them tell them you're doc, and I'm just gonna have them ship you right to the front of the line. And, like like, I would call in once or twice a week, maybe more. I don't even remember. But, they would just be like, hey, doc. What's up? And, like like, I get hustled to the front. You and I would have have a conversation sorta like this, and it's it's cool that there's people out there that witnessed that and remember it because it was a long damn time ago. It was right around 2,000, I'm guessing. 2,001. It was a long time ago, doc. Probably, like, yeah, o o six, o seven, o eight, o nine, you know, in that range right there, because we, we left. I was in Secaucus for 6 years, and then the last 11 years at NBA TV were down in Atlanta. So, and I started with NBA TV at, like, 2,003, and and then, like I said, 20 I'm getting my math screwed up here. But, anyway, it was late late It was in the yeah. I think it was in in the 2003, 2004 range because I was calling the show from Indy, and I moved from Indy in 2000 Oh, there you go. It was a lot Yeah. That that's a better time stamp than I got. It was a lot. You were that you were that early on the fantasy show. We weren't, like, cooking for a couple years. You were, like, just like, we had just launched the show and my boy was calling. Is that how that went? Yeah. Yeah. And I just started it. I think I started Roto World in 2000, and then I I got my own column in, like, 2002 or 2003, found you around that time. How did you how did you find out about, the the, what was it called? Virtual GM Gatorade virtual GM. How did you find out about that? The TV show? Yeah. Oh, I I was writing about the NBA. I was going to bed at, you know, 4 o'clock every morning. I was watching you know, I flipped through there. I I flipped in the channel of the NBA TV one day and there's some freak in a sweatshirt in a hoodie, like he's in his in his attic or bedroom mom's house bedroom or something wearing a Magic Johnson shirt talking about fantasy fantasy basketball. I'm like, oh my god. This is how how have I not seen this before? And then I I I think the first time I saw that show, I watched it every single every single night for the probably until it was gone. My man. Just a quick story. Like, my start in this, came through Fantasy Football, and I saw a, a little newsletter or pamphlet type of thing in in a a bookstore in downtown Minneapolis, and it was called Fantasy Football Weekly. A little, like, like, newspaper thing, almost like a creative loafing or like that that, like, indie rag in your city that has all the concerts in it. Right? Something like of that form. And I look at this thing. I'm like, what in the hell is this? Because I was already playing fantasy football in, like, in the very early days. And I'm like I pick it up, and I'm like I'm reading through it, and they're giving, like, advice, for the upcoming week's games. I'm like, oh my god. This is this is world changing right here. And so I had that experience that that you like and then you said you watched it every night, and you you it was just like a point. Like, I got that pamphlet every week, ended up going to Paul Charchyan, the publisher of that pamphlet, and he hired me and, boom, launched the whole career. Thankfully, that was whole all operated in Minneapolis. That was very huge for me. If I was in Wyoming and it was in Minneapolis, I don't know, might have been dead on the cutting room floor, doc, but I was like like like like a kid that found Van Halen or a kid that found Led Zeppelin or a kid that found the Grateful Dead about that right away. Oh my god. This has changed my freaking life. Because at that time, Doc, Fantasy Football, it was about full season predictions and about books and magazines going into the year, and there was nobody doing the in season thing in in terms of giving advice. It was, here's my magazine, buy it, and then good luck the rest of the year. C'est la vie. And so, a shout out to Paul Charchin and Rob Fidien, 2 GOATs of, this industry as well. You know, Rick right. My buddy, John Dishinger, he he called me one day in India, and he said, have you seen this website? And it it was a website a lot like RotoWire. And I said no, and I went there, and my head exploded. I was like, this is straight up news, and it's happening live. And and so that that was mind blowing. And the other really mind blowing moment of my life when it comes to to my career was the, when we snuck into my wife's boss's office, at midnight and got on his computer and hopped on America Online at about they they told they were like, you know, this costs, like, 3 or $4 a minute. We gotta be quick. We got in there, and I went to sports NBA box score. And the first time I ever saw a live box score, the night of the game and not in the newspaper the next morning in 9 19 this is probably 1994, 95, blew my mind. I'm like, this changes everything. I don't have to wait for the Indy Star to come to my house tomorrow to to open it up and see the crappy box score that only shows points, rebounds, and assists. They've got everything, and it's it's live. It's real time. And I I just I could not believe what I was seeing. So we're getting another shout out here. Shay Seeley, is, watching from Trinidad. The the this is literally amazing and humbling. Trinidad, we've had Hong Kong, we've had the Philippines, and we have Indonesia. We got Central Europe. All in the same show. Central Europe is here. This is absolutely amazing. Absolutely amazing. Alright, doc. Let me, let me let me see what are the rhymes we got for the people here. Okay. Let me talk about, we, we we're we're getting pretty close to the end here, folks. But, okay. This is a a development last night. Austin Reeves in the starting lineup, doc, and it does give us an opportunity to talk about Darvin Ham being on thin ice. So, Austin Reeves has needed to start for a while. For me, when they benched D'Angelo Russell, that should have been Reeves in the starting lineup. But, you know, Ham went in some different directions, and so he got it right last night. Obviously, they got didn't get destroyed, but I never I never felt like LA was gonna win that game last night. Miami had him at arm's length the whole game. But Reeves, doc, fantasy wise, oh, boy. Is this a green light for him? He went 2458 last night, 7 of 12 overall, 2 threes, 8 of 9 free throws, and play 37 minutes. And, doc, I don't think he's going to lead this starting 5 for a long, long, long time, or unless he's traded to Chicago for Zach LaVine, and then he will start for them. But if he makes it through this deadline and maybe they can trade Ruhi and Russell and stuff for LaVine, then, well, Austin Reaves may go back to the bench at that point, because then it's maybe too much star power in your starting lineup. But I you know, barring a LaVine trade, I think Reeves is good to go here, doc, and I don't think he will go back to the bench. I think the toggling is over for Austin Reeves. How about you? I hope so, man. As a Austin Reeves manager in our 30 team league, where my team is in 3rd place currently, Struggling this week a little bit, but we're we're hanging in there. I need Austin Reeves on the court as much as possible, especially when my 6th starter is Robert Covington, who's about as reliable as Bradley Beal's, left leg. Yeah. I I want Austin Reeves out there. I'm psyched that he is out there. He I I don't unders I don't understand why he was not out there to begin with, but and it goes back to Darvin Ham, has lost his locker room, and, body language is bad in la la land, and I'm expecting some news in the next couple days. How about you? Unfortunately, yes. I don't like this at all. I don't like this at all. Doc, how do we go from making an improbable run to the Western Conference finals that nobody saw, and then we win the in season tournament, and we hang a banner, and now we've been in a rough stretch, and we fire you? How? This is way too quick, doc. This is Ed Osierin, LSU Bullish. You remember Ed Osierin with, with Joe Burrow and Justin Jefferson and all these guys? They win the Natty. Right? 21 months later, Ed Osram was whacked for your boy Brian Kelly. And what the hell has he done at LSU except underperform and steal a Heisman from Michael Bennetts Junior? Don't get me started. No. I I'm feeling some kind of way about LeBron with this. Oh, it's all it's all LeBron, dude. Dude, hang in there for a minute. I know you're losing. I know you're under 500, but now we wanna whack the coach? Doc, they just whacked Frank Vogel. They whacked him. The Russell Westbrook thing was LeBron's fault. He and Davis, they had a powwow and wanted to bring him in. It was a disaster. And so Frank Vogel gets whacked because everybody went along with LeBron and Klutch Sports in that trade. And then the, Jeanie Buss, Rob Pelinka, they took the steering wheel back of the team, and they said, we're not gonna let you drive our car into the road again. But here we go again. I mean and I love LeBron overall and, you know, all this kind of stuff, and I'm not like a LeBron banger. I wanna make that very clear because there are LeBron bangers out there. There's a guy that wears a toupee out west. He's making zillions of dollars a year on an empire credit for banging on LeBron James. It's not what I do here, but I am feeling some kind of way about LeBron right now. Because if there's a disconnect in the locker room, is is Darvin Ham in a disconnect with Austin Rees getting Shamshirani to report? No. It's a disconnect between LeBron and Darvin Ham, and I don't like it, doc. I don't like it at all. Hang in there. If if you go through the rest of this season and you lose in the 1st round, fire Darvin Ham. You're gonna whack him in January? Right after winning the NBA Cup? Give me a break, dude. Give me a break. This is not sitting well with me at all. Well and, you know, the the Kamensky bros tweeted about LeBron's body language during the game last night. They're like, I don't know if LeBron was hurt or if he just wasn't feeling it, but he didn't look like he was very interested in what was going on. And then today, the report comes out that Darvin Ham's job is on the line. He's lost the locker room. Everybody's upset. So, I that is a direct one to one correlation between Darvin Ham and LeBron James. I'm sure AD probably has his back. You know? I mean, LeBron holds a lot of power, man. Way more power than players probably should be able to. I mean, he's earned it. Right? 21st season, he's the 3rd best player all time, in my opinion, behind Jordan and Kareem. So I I get the power and where it all comes from, but I I think this is a bad an abuse of power, doc. To use an old historical reference, from all the stuff that I forgot from being a history major at the University of Minnesota. My wife brings up a historical nugget. Right? I'm like, I forgot that. She's like, did you forget everything you learned in college? I said, pretty much. Yeah. Pretty much. I was just memorizing stuff to ace test and have a good GPA. What are we doing here? Am I taking all these these fine print historical facts in the rest of my life? How the hell is that gonna help me? No. What's up? Soren's favorite saying right now is why do I need to go to school? Everything I need to know is on my phone in my pocket. Like, what what why are we wasting our time at school because literally everything I need to know right there. I'm not mad at Forn for that. That's actually very clever thinking. And and this is a man, a young man, who wants to streamline his time. How much wasted time do we have at school over the years? Right? Not so much in college, but in high school, my god. It felt like half of that time is completely wasted, and and it would blah blah blah blah blah blah. Didn't even make it on the test that we had to take. Doc, we are out of time, my friend. Any last massages for the people before we get out of here? No. It was fun, taking the trip down memory lane. I always enjoyed doing that. Hopefully hopefully, people get a kick out of it. But, yeah, it's I I I'm just so psyched to be at Runawayre and and doing these podcasts with you and and Crites and a whole slew of people. You and I, I think, should have had a podcast together a long time ago. It was a long time coming. It's my favorite part of the week, honestly, and it's it's fun. So damn it. My god. My god. I feel the same way. I I'm geeked about this every single week, and, shout out to all the bosses with Rodowire for bringing this together, man. We really appreciate you. DJ Trainer and Nick Whalen, especially, for putting this together, man. So for doctor a, for all of us here at Rotowire, I am Rick Campbell. Good luck, folks, and go get some wins and fantasy ball. We'll see you next week.