Hey, everybody. I'm doctor a Steve Alexander. That's Rick Kamla. This is the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. It's Thursday, November 30th. We have a lot to talk about, some big returns from injuries, busy night in the NBA. We've got some in season going on. We're gonna do all that right after this sweet jam. What's up, everybody? The royal wire fantasy basketball podcast with the OGs. He is Steve Alexander, aka doctor a. I'm Rick Kamla, aka the freak, and let's get to it, dakay. We had, as you mentioned, some big returns last night. Let's start with Jamal Murray. He returned from an 11 game absence on the reality side. The Nugs did a good job of hanging in there. They were 6 and 5 without him. They maintained a second spot in the west, despite missing all of those games. And, they were very good at home without Murray, and then very sucky on the road without Murray. And all of that made sense. Right? So he comes back last night. He turned his ankle again, doc. So here we go again. Now he stayed in the game, but he did not look right. I was focused on him. I wasn't even watching the ball. I was just watching Murray. And a lot of his movements, he had to, like, move his body around his ankle. It was like he was really favoring his ankle. He wasn't necessarily limping, but every time he went back over to the bench, he had a grimace on his face, was kinda, like, retightening his shoe and all this ankle stuff. Right? So, he had the hamstring that kept him out, and now, we we've got this to keep our eye on. He was really good, doc. 16, 6, and well, wasn't really good, but solid. 16, 6, and 6, 3 threes in 22 minutes. Doc, I wanna hit you with, a fantasy basketball, I guess, hot take, here, at the top and bounce this off of you. I would recommend trading Jamal Murray right now. If you can, I'm not asking people to sell low on 75¢ on the dollar in this kind of thing, But if you can move him for market value, maybe you want a big, maybe you want a a more reliable point guard. I don't know. But I'm concerned about this ankle dock. And Jamal Murray is not different this season, and I thought he might be coming off the awesome playoff run. He's still in Jokic's shadow. The the stats are not spiking. He's not even close to get you know, from going to 20 points again to 25 points again, and I don't think any of that's gonna happen. He's pretty much the same dude he's always been, and he will not make the all star team this year. And so I recommend training Jamal Murray right now that he's back and healthy before we get another doyoyoing and before everybody kinda realizes, yo, he's he's gonna be muted again. Yeah. It's interesting, and and if there's a guy I don't want, laboring around out there and favoring one ankle over another to cause a different injury to eventually raise its head, it's Jamal Murray. So I'm a little concerned about the ankle. I'm a little concerned about the overall health. I'm not saying I'm panicking. Like, I I need a I need a full report as to what his status is after last night's game before I'm gonna panic on him, but I think to your point, is it a bad idea to shop Murray and trade him right now? No. It's not a bad idea at all. Alright, doc. So Murray is back, and, it was fun to watch the notes with Murray. Michael Porter junior had I mean, Chris Marlow said on the broadcast last night, this is the most confident I have seen him as a shooter in the NBA. I was like, woah. Well, we had Marlow on our NBA radio show yesterday. I was like, that's quite the statement, but it's no coincidence that that happens in, Jamal Murray's first game back. Alright. Let's talk about CJ McCollum's return, doc. He missed 12 games, and I believe the Pels were 57 in those games. CJ was fantastic last night. 24 and 5 with a block, with 2 steals, with 3 threes. The goodies, doc. The goodies. The fantasy gold. We have missed it for so long. His return was no news for Zion Williamson. 33 points. Awesome line, from Zion. Very very he didn't miss a shot from the field. CJ's return was a massive buzzkill for Brandon Ingram, 15.7 shots. His return was a massive buzzkill for Dyson Daniels and Najee Marshall and dynasty or super deep leagues. This was interesting. CJ McCollum's return was not a buzzkill for Jordan Hawkins, the rookie, out of Yukon. Sixteen points in 24 minutes. He was fantastic. I would try to trade Jamal Murray for CJ McCollum, right now. Dynasty league, maybe not. We got a big separation in age. But in a in a redraft type of deal, I I would be so let's merge one with the other here, doc. I feel great about CJ coming back. He's got the ball in his hands. He's gonna put these stats up consistently. You know, BI, this thing is weird. I want you to talk to me about that. And, and and if you're kinda shuddering, what would BI here moving forward? But CJ's back, doc. Talk to us about it. Well, are you aware of where he ranks this year in Fantasy? Hit me. Top 20, which is weird because he's usually 5th, 6th round, just chilling down there, not blocking a lot of shots, not stealing the ball a ton, and he's doing everything right, this year for New Orleans. Maybe that's because maybe it's because Zion's out there and healthy. Maybe it's because Brandon Ingram's out there playing with him. He he's got teammates around him for the first time since he played with Dame, really. So that's that's very interesting. I was glad to see that Herbert Jones did not take a hit last night. I think he played 33 minutes. We have to see what happens when Trey Murphy comes back with with Herb Jones. That's gonna hurt a little bit because Herb Jones has been I mean, he's been as as great as CJ has been fantasy wise. So, CJ to me, is kind of a a, sell high guy right now, but I think he's healthy. He's playing. He looked good last night. He had all the goodies, and I I think trading Jamal Murray to get CJ McCollum right now is not a bad idea. Alright. That is doctor a. I'm Rick Kamla. He's Steve Alexander. We're the OGs. Alright? It's the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. Mister a is making a comment here. He says, hello, guys. I'm your avid fan. We love that you're an avid fan. We would like that we have more than one avid fan. Right? He's claiming, I am your one avid fan. So, mister a, we appreciate you, bro. And, everybody come on in here in here. Hit up the comment comment section here, on the StreamYard platform, and we will, answer your questions later on in the broadcast here. Alright. The OGs continue. And, doc, I wanna wind you up here on, on Devin Booker. Okay? He, obviously, has been playing, coming off of I I just what the hell was this injury before, this? Was it a hamstring, doc? There there's so many injuries here. Was it a calf? A calf. Soft tissue. Alright? Lower extremity soft tissue. I feel like a hockey guy right now. That's a lower body injury. Any other way, Devin Booker might mistime sorry, doc. I gotta just quickly add on a piece of intel I got about the Pells. A little birdie told me that Trey Murphy is playing on Friday night. Take that and do with it what you will, basketball world, fantasy basketball world. But a little birdie told me that Trey Murphy's coming back on Friday. If it doesn't happen, blame the little birdie, not me. Just wanna let you know. So Devin Booker turned his ankle last night, doc. Played through it. Not initially. He went to the bench and it was like, oh my god. Book's gonna miss a month. It was a bad ankle turn. He's on the bench. He's got a towel over his face. Oh my god. I'm in so much pain. All this stuff. And then he went, wait. Wait a minute. I'm a Kobe guy. I preach the mama mentality. I gotta come back to play. Alright? Bradley Beal is gonna miss the entire year. Alright? We can't rely on him. I gotta do this. So we came back, doc, but he was in a lot of pain. And he said after the game, he was a decoy out there and that it was a long flight to Denver. Alright? Leaving the door open to missing time with this ankle injury depending on the swelling and soreness and all that kind of stuff. And I call them the bubble wrap Suns for a reason. When their guys are slightly hurt, they don't play. I was actually shocked that Book was allowed to come back into that game last night at Toronto. Obviously, if if you got Grace Nell and if you got Eric Gordon, giddy up, man. Giddy up. Don't change a thing. Don't send them to waivers, because Book may miss some time right here. How are you feeling about this, this new development with Devin Booker? I've been fired up about, Eric Gordon kinda all season because with no Beal and with with Booker being banged up, like, he's been he's not a well rounded fantasy guy, but he's gonna get you 3 or 4 triples a night. He's gonna score a ton of points. He's gonna play heavy minutes and run into some other stuff while he's out there. But, yeah, this whole thing, we see it all the time, man. Guys go down. They sprain their ankle. You see it on TV. It looks really bad. They're able to play through it for the rest of that game. They go back. They get retaped. I don't know if they do anything else to it or not, but they get back on the court. They finish the game, and then we always say, now watch. It's gonna swell overnight. His season will miss 2 weeks. He's gonna miss 10 days, and that's exactly what this feels like with Booker. I mean, I would be shocked if he if he if he plays next week. There's only 2 games next week, right, with the in season tournament. So we got the rest of this week. We got all next week. I don't think he's gonna play, until after next week. So, it is disturbing. The Suns, you know, I I don't like what's going on with this Phoenix team really much at all. KD, fine. The the Brad the Brad Beal thing. I mean, you and I have been complaining about it here for weeks months, and it's just it's filtering down to the rest of the the rest of the vibe of the whole team. It's just like, he was supposed to be the man. He was supposed to lead them, you know, be their 3rd spark plug, and he's just not there. And I they just just seems like it's kind of a lost cause to me. So the Nurkic thing is going very well. And, Joel Embiid, I'm feeling some kind of way about your DNP last night, because, doc, like, he got he got ruled out, what, 15 minutes before the game, something like that, and and there wasn't a lot of reporting about this illness. Frankly, I don't know if there was any. And so I I had I I moved on and was doing some family stuff, you know, set my lineups, of course. I set an alarm for 6:45. Check the wire, check news just in case there's any late stuff. Nothing about Embiid. And, Nurkic, I think, had 1914, had a goody line. Oh my god. And so that was on my bench. So Joel Embiid, thank you. Thank you for that. Really appreciate that. But the Nurkic thing has been fantastic in Phoenix, man. He is more comfortable. He's more motivated. I mean, he he just was drifty the last 2 years in Portland, man. He was like, get me out of here, and you could tell with his play. Had a lot of bum nights, and he's not doing that in Phoenix. He's actually been pretty consistent. I know you wanted to get us talking here, on the OGs, the rotor wire, fantasy basketball podcast, Steve Alexander, I'm Rick Kamla, about how screwed the warriors are without CP 3. And, doc, to get, Shams and Woje yesterday reporting that it's a nerve thing in his lower leg, not good, dude. I you know, doc, I'm I'm big into conspiracy theories. I also don't touch door handles. I'm a bit of a germaphobe. Okay? I'm kind of a weirdo. Sometimes when they report injuries, you take it at face value. Alright. Sprained ankle. Alright. Cool. When it's this, Woach called it, left pardon me. Lower left leg nerve contusion. What the f is that? Okay? So when you like, they like to mask a bigger injury doc with bone bruise. They will call it a bone bruise. Right? And you're like, what's really going on here? 3 days later, meniscus teary is going under the neck. What do you mean bone bruise? It was a meniscus tear. So I feel like I'm getting thrown off here, by this reporting. I I feel like there might have been something more going on here with Chris Paul. I'm dubious of this report, doc. So how's this all hit you? I mean, I've never seen parenthesis lower left leg nerve contusion. That's we can't even say it. We both stumbled over it because we've never had to put these five words together. I've never seen it written in a blurb, an NBA player blurb before in my life. So, again, what is that? It doesn't sound good. The fact that the word nerve is in there, it's a it's a bruise to a nerve in his lower left leg, like, that doesn't sound good. When he went down, you can tell he was hurt. Like, he was in a lot of pain. I don't think he's gonna be I I don't foresee him playing very soon with that injury, and, he's 38 years old. Rick, he's almost as old as we are. I don't know, man. And and, again, he was playing really well for this warriors team. Like, coming into the season, I didn't know how he was gonna fit in, how it was really gonna work, but he it's worked out pretty well, and it's been a good good combo for him and and Steph Curry to work together. So, it it is gonna hurt, man. And I I I kinda like your your boy, Podgemski here, stepping up in Chris Paul's absence. I think Corey Joseph 10 years ago, maybe I was fired up about that, but not not today. I've never heard anybody more fired up about Corey Joseph than Stan Van Gundy the other night. I mean, I and I've never heard more praise on a third point guard in Milan. I mean, Stan Stan Bandunguti was going on and on and on. What a great pickup this was. And it's like, dude I mean, I got like, I like Stan Band. He he's a good game analyst. He's kinda prickly, in in general, but I do like his game analysis. He was banging on the warriors that whole game about turnovers and fouls. It was awesome. Right? And then they set a record or something for, most turnovers and combined foul attempts for the other team in one game. It was like some history, and Stan Van was lamenting it the whole game. Stan Van, keep doing your thing, man. It's Rick Kamla. It's doc a, Steve Alexander, with the OGs on the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Talk about your boy, Larry Markkanen, doc. He ain't my boy. He's your boy. He's got a left hamstring injury. He will miss tonight's game as the previous game as well, and you know what? Probably some more games from there. I know you wanted to bring up Lowry though here, so hit the people. Oh, I don't know that I have a lot to say here. I know that you predicted this injury in one of the first podcasts we did together at Rotowire. You're like, I don't like marketing. He's gonna get hurt. He's not gonna finish this thing. About the shutdown too. Doc, listen to me. I traded, remember I told you about the Clarkson and THT trade right before THT got benched, and I got, who did I make that trade for? O'Jon and Obi, and, I had a chance with Kreitz, Ken Kreitz, who's one of the execs here at Rodowire. And I don't know. I probably coulda had John Collins or PJ Washington, and I traded Kreitz Chris Paul in a in a bigger package. Right? But he really wanted Chris Paul, and I really didn't want Chris Paul because I got a 1,000,000 assists. So I said, alright. Cool. And Paul was coming off the bench at this point. This was before the Draymond suspension when Paul's numbers went nuts. And, and I I I went with PJ Washington over John Collins. I like John Collins more, but I'm I'm afraid of the shutdown, doc. I'm afraid of the after the all star break, boo, and we're gonna play all these young guys. It'll be the Keontae George show. Right? He's the guy that's got staying power with this team. They're not gonna shut him down, but they're gonna shut all these vets down. Yeah. And Collins is a vet. Markkanen is a vet. Walker Kessler is a banged up sort of vet at this point. He's young. It's only his 2nd year, but, they're not gonna they're not gonna risk Walker Kessler's future for the second half of this season. Jordan Clarkson, Taylor Horton, Tucker. The guy that I'm kinda digging in sec in, Utah right now is the Simone Fonaccio guy. Fontecio. Fontecchio Fontecchio. Whatever, dude. I don't watch a lot of jazz television. Neither do I. I just tried to help you out. It's Fontecchio. It's your boy. I'm glad to know his name now because I was looking him up on FanDuel yesterday. I didn't even know what his name was. I was like, it'll be the the name I don't recognize when I get there, and it took me a while. But, he's been kinda he's been playing minutes and been playing kinda well. I like using him in FanDuel because he's cheap. But, yeah, Markkanen I and you called this, I I don't know. And then, you know, when Markkanen went down with his hamstring, everybody's like, oh, I gotta go out and get Kelly O'Lenic because Kelly O'Lenic's gonna go off. Well, that's not really happening either. There's just not a not a lot to love about this Utah Utah situation right now. I I don't I don't see it ending very well. I do think we it's we're gonna get more Keontae George than we can handle or shake a stick at for the rest of the season. Now that that is one thing that is definitely happening. So let's work in a question here from the peanut gallery doc, because there is a question or comment here about, Keontae George. Mister a, who said, hello, guys. I'm your avid fan. Again, we'd like to pluralize that, and in fact, we have, we have also in here, Aditya Maluk says, hi, doc and mister Rick Campbell. I'm a huge fan too, for 8 years and counting on refresh, dummy. 8 years and counting now, and going for my 6th championship. Alright, Aditya. We hope we can help you get that. Alright. So the Keontae George, note here and I I apologize, guys. I'm trying to find this thing. Here we go. Mister a says, is Keontae George a hold? Not only is Keontae George a hold, like look. Keontae George sucked last night. Right, doc? That line was awful. But if you would did you watch the Pelicans game the other night, the second of that stupid baseball I hate baseball series, by the way. I don't know where you're at. I I hate baseball series. So the Pelicans gotta go to Utah for 2 boring ass games in a row. Right? Give me a break. I hate the baseball series. But Keontae George was dunking on him, hitting big threes on him. He had a big stall, and he was the player of the damn game. So Keontae George is good to go the whole season, man. Do you agree? Yeah. Yeah. I not only is he a hold, he's a must hold. I mean, if you drop Keontae George, he's gone. He might be a slate four guy right now, Don. Yeah. He's a target for sure. I mean, we we we've seen him play, what, 17 games, and and he hasn't really blown up yet. It's kind of a slow start, but it's coming. And, you know, once they demoted Taylor and Horton Tucker and promoted Keontay to the starting lineup, it was over. I mean, he's there for the rest of the season. He's only gonna get better. I you you gotta hang on to him. Back to Lowry Markkanen Quickley, guys. When he comes back from the you can't trade a guy with the red flag on him. Right? This is tough. When he comes back, has a couple of 25 point games, drilling threes again, trade him. Okay? Trust me. Trade John Collins if you can. If you're in a dynasty league, it's a different conversation. But if you're in a redraft league, you should be looking to trade Clarkson. That's gonna be tougher. But but John Collins and Lowry at at the position scarcity forward position, you you'd be able to get some business back for that. Speaking of forwards here or, I guess, Boston Center now, Kristaps Porzingis, doc. Let's talk about this. Joe Mazula said on Sunday that he's got a calf. He'll be reevaluated in a week or so. And, and so here we go with Kristaps Porzingis in a calf injury and an out indefinitely situation. How is this hitting you, and how are you pivoting this news and fantasy basketball? Well, I you can't say we didn't see this one coming either. We all saw it. We are our audience members, we did. If you didn't see a Porzingis injury coming, you haven't been paying attention. Everybody saw it coming. So am I worried about him? A little bit. I I just think, we're gonna get through the 2 game week next week, and then he should hopefully be back and ready to go. I know that it's different it feels different with him being with the Celtics and being injured than it did when he was with some of these other teams and being injured because he's such a big part of what the Celtics plan to do this season. They're trying to win a championship. He's a big part of that. They need him out there. So I think they're just gonna let him rest, let him get healthy, and throw him back out there until he gets hurt again 3 weeks later and then 3 weeks again after that. And then I it'll just be an ongoing thing. Yeah. They you know, the Celtics were in a weird place this week because they only had 2 games. And I know Sorin dropped my son dropped out Horford in in a league, which Horford then turned around and went off against the Hawks. And he's like, dad, why why did I do that? I'm like, you you can get him back. He'll be alright. But, with 2 games last week and 2 games or 2 games this week, 2 games next week, really an ideal time for Porzingis to go down with an injury. Hopefully, he only misses 4 games, and and he's back. So, I I agree with all of that. I I like the point that you made about, when you're with Washington who's in tank mode versus being on Boston who's in go for the gold ball mode, and that will not that Boston's gonna rush him back and be, like, irresponsible, but there's there's just a different mindset, and it will lead to more games played from Porzingis than with previous stops. Porzingis was me and Antonio Daniels on, NBA radio, we went into who's the best Alfred in the league, you know, that third guy now that, Khris Middleton is not. Right? And, and and, you know, not I I looked at it in real time. I just evaluated like an MVP race. Sorry. Who's the best Alfred right now? Not necessarily who I would want for a playoff run because that would probably be like an Aaron Gordon, with all the defense and all the stuff he brings to the table. That dude's got tools on his tool belt. But, KP was the best Alfred in the NBA when I did this study, doc, probably 10 days, to, yeah, probably about 10 days ago to maybe 2 weeks ago. That's how well he was playing as that 3rd fiddle, to Tatum and Brown. So, guys, again, Horford is a must pick up right now. As a starter, he's this year, okay, it's, I don't know, a handful of starts. 8, 8, and 4. 2 blocks, 1 steal, 1 and a half threes. But like Doc said, the last two games have been really throwback Al Horford games, and so, he's gonna continue to start and put up really good, like, the full stat line across the board. Alright. I wanna give a little bit more, advice here to the people before we give out our underdog, fantasy lineups tonight. Doc, it is time for everybody to pick up Patrick Williams of the Chicago Bulls. Get him now. While you're listening to this podcast, Rick Kamla, Steve Alexander on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast, Describe your phone and pick up Patrick Williams. Do it. Okay? Going back to the well here, DACA. Been a Patrick Williams guy. I traded a 3rd round pickaway to get him into Cam Dynasty. I have since dropped Patrick Williams. Don't be mad at me. My team is that deep and that gargantuan. Okay? I didn't even have room for it. I had to drop Cam Reddish last night. My team's so damn good. I didn't wanna drop Cam Reddish. Gotta do what you gotta do. But I'm going back to the well. Okay? Because now, doc, we got DeMar DeRozan, turned his ankle against Boston the other night, tried to come back in the game, had to eventually exit. Uh-oh. Here we go. Zach LaVine, this foot soreness thing. Right? He had it. He came back, played a couple of games, didn't look right. Reading the reports and watching him, and then, and then had to leave the Boston game with the same injury. And now there's reports out of Chicago where the words shut down are in those reports. So, Patrick Williams is green lit for me, and he's been good, doc. Over the last 4 games, he has been, where's the line? Fourteen points, 7 rebounds, 2 assists, 2 blocks, 1 steal. Wait a second. I'm reading the wrong thing here. My bad. This was his line the other night, against, Boston. 14 and 7, 2 assists, 2 blocks, 1 steal, and made a 3. Alright? But over the last 4 games, doc, he's been 10 plus points in each, 9 threes over those 4 games, averaging 6 boards with 4 stocks, which is a little light. I think when he really gets cooking, he'll be giving you one block and one steal per game. Are you feeling me on this Patrick Williams diagnosis? You know, I've never bought into the Pat Williams hype. It's all tied to Zach LaVine, and every report we've read about Zach LaVine this year is bad. Like, not really getting along with anyone. Kinda banged up, kinda hurt, kind of disgruntled, kinda doesn't wanna be in Chicago. None of that has been good. And if Zach LaVine is pulled out of the equation, which you feel like he's going to be at some point, somebody's gonna have to step up, and it's probably gonna be Pat Williams. So, yeah, I can get behind what you're saying. I I can see Pat Williams finally starting to live up to the hype, but I'm, for 1, I'm not racing out there, to pick him up quite yet. I understand. Dante, let's give the people our underdog fantasy lineups for tonight. You go first on that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Before we do that, I'm gonna tell you about underdog. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contests. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code RW NBA. That's promo code RW NBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download the Underdog app today, and use promo code RW NBA to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Rick, I had some underdog going last night. Talking it, looked like I had a sure thing in the bag. I had a 5 leg, $1 to win $20 parlay, and 4 of the 5 hit pretty early. It was Jokic. It was all the same game. It was the it was the Denver Houston game. I needed some 4 I need 4 4th quarter points from who's the who's the forward for Houston? Jabari Smith. Sorry. I need 4 points from Jabari. I needed 6 points or some combo of 6 from Alper and Shangoon with the entire Q4 to go. Fourteen point game. Like, this is money. Well, Jabari comes in, hits a couple threes or whatever. That's done. So now I got 4 out of 5. I just need the 6 from Xangoon. They leave him on the bench for the first, like, 4 minutes, 5 minutes in the Q4. Bring him in. He plays 1 minute, and they pull him back out. Clear the benches. It just wasn't meant to be, Rick. Just another just another another tough tough night in the office for doctor a. It's a bad beat, dude. That's a bad beat. So let's give the people a winner here, man. You wanna go first on your, your underdog fantasy lineup for tonight? You know, I'm gonna let you go first because I slept on that assignment and, was watching old Kirbyer enthusiasms and laughing Understandable. This morning instead of instead of picking out my, underdog play. But I I do this every day, so I I could I can revamp quickly. But, yeah, who who you got? Alright. So just quickly here, and I'll I'll buy you some more time to maybe, make some, some, investment decisions. I read, before we came out here going through some news and stuff, that Mitchell Robinson was talking about, how dirty the ball is and how, how how discolored the ball becomes because of, dirt, bacteria, germs, all that kind of stuff. And he was talking about how nobody in the NBA washes their hands. Okay. So immediately, this super grossed me out, and it took me back to my boy, Larry David, who, of course, is a notorious germophobe. I am a germophobe as well. I don't touch door handles. If I have a long sleeve shirt, I'll drop it down and use that to do the door handle or my feet or, you know, the bottom of my shirt. And I'm trying to stay healthy here. Alright? You know. By the way, I was pitching like a perfect game until the flu the flu gods went, Cam, it's been a good run. Booze, here's a lightning bolt down on you that's gonna last 2 weeks to a month. Have fun. I did not have fun with that. Screw you, flu gods. But, but so that made me think of that, doc, the whole, the curb your enthusiasm thing. Greatest show of all time, by the way, but it still pales, to the magical body part episode, when the jets killed Carl. It still pales in comparison to that one. Alright, doc. I will unpack it for you here. And I'm gonna let the people know, it's early. Right? And they have props throughout the day. Okay? So the guys that I wanted to bang tonight, Malcolm Brogdon, not yet available. Cam Thomas is supposed to come back tonight. Like, maybe if his number's 12a half, 13a half, bang these people. Jaime Hawkes, my new favorite player for the Miami Heat. This guy's cooking in the last 5 games at about 18a half points per game. So I'm looking at, like, give me a 14.5 on Hawkeyes. I'll bang that. Okay? So just keep your eye on those. We can't give them out yet because I don't have a line for them. I like Patrick Williams tonight. Like, if it's 11a half, 10a half, bang that people. But I got SGA, doc, 31a half. I don't like the number. It's it's one up from its regular season average, but the Lakers suck on defense. Okay. Cool. But this just feels like Lakers are in town, Lakers in the second of a back to back. Maybe their legs aren't fully under them. The Lakers, as you know, doc, are super shorthanded, and I could just see SGA just, just flexing tonight. I got SGA over 31a half points. DeJaunte Marie goes back to San Antonio tonight. I love the reunion game angle, and I also love, doc, the fact that San Antonio's defense sucks. I also love, that he has been under 20 points the last 3 games. So the principle of do is in play here. The bounce back factor is in play. I got Murray over 20 and a half points. And my best bet, doc, the best bet of all, and I would play this individually, DraftKings, underdog, wherever you can get it, is Steph Curry at 5 assists. Steph Curry, not 5a half. Well, this is an underdog number, so maybe they will put the hook on a on a DraftKings number. But, but 5 assists on underdog, it's a part of my parlay here. It's my best bet. He's been 6 assists in each of the last 3 games, and so that's over this number. No Chris Paul. Draymond Green is not playing as many minutes. Right? He's 28, 29. So and I just think, vibing out Curry from that Sacramento loss. He's pissed. He's over it. He's frustrated, and I think he's gonna be like, yo. If Klay don't got it, if Wigg don't got it, and Draymond's gonna be barking at the officials all night, I have to do this myself. And I think Steph has been up to that a lot in his career, and I think we get that type of game tonight, doc. It's the Clippers at the Warriors. It it's a big game here. Obviously, the Warriors sucked. They've lost 9 of their last 12. And so I I got Curry over 5 assists. I got Dejounte over 20 and a half points, and I got SGA over 31 and a half points. I like all that. I like your SGA against the Lakers. Like, he's gonna be he's gonna I I agree. I think he's gonna try to flex on them. The only one of those that makes me nervous is is the Dejounte, and I love I love guys going against their former team's angles. I'm all about that. I'm just a little worried because Trae Young has been playing much better lately. And when Trae started playing well, Dejounte's numbers fell apart. Yeah. Because Trae's a complete and total ball hog, that too, and very selfish and very I I I think I think he's a selfish player, bro. I really do. I I think I think Trae Young would rather have 30 and 10 in a loss than 18 and 7 in a win. I really do. Well, I mean, you might be right. I I don't know. But I just know that Trey's been balling out and Z'Jontay has not been. I'm not sure that the 2 of them ever ball out on the same night. I mean, it happens occasionally, but not very often. So I'm a little nervous about that angle of that take, but the rest of that, I think, looks pretty good. What I'm gonna hammer tonight, if they give us more options right now, it's just Jimmy Butler and Bam Adebayo, but I don't know if you've seen the Indiana Pacers defensively this year, but, man, they are like, we're not gonna play any deep it's just weird because it's a Rick Carlisle team. Right. We're not gonna play any defense. We're just gonna run up and down the court with you like Alex English in 1979 from with for the Nuggets and and just score as many points as we can on you, and you're gonna have to catch us. And, you know, the other night, they played Portland, and my buddy my buddy and FanDuel just hammered every blazer. And Jeremy Grant had, like, best game of the year. Deandre Ayton had his best game of the year. All these guys just balled out on the Pacers. I think Jimmy Butler is I mean, his points are 23a half. He's probably gonna blow that out of the water. Bam Adebayo's points are 23a half. He should be good. I'm actually probably gonna do the 40a half, points, rebounds, assists combined for Bam because I love I love the way Bam passes for a big man. But, I I'm gonna hammer the heat tonight against Pacers. And and to your point, Jaime hakez has been awesome. I think he's gonna go away when Tyler Herro comes back. I'm a little sad about that. And Duncan Robinson, I think, is gonna play better tonight, which is probably gonna hurt him a little bit, but, man, he's been pretty fun since, Tyler Herro went down. So, doc, I I totally understand what you're saying, and you might be right. But I feel like Jaime Hawkes is going to have staying power, and let me explain. The fact that Spoh is playing him with finishing lineups, to me, speaks to a trust level that has surpassed Duncan Robinson, that has surpassed, Haywood Highsmith, who's hurt right now. Has it surpassed Caleb Martin? No. I can't go there. But, I feel like Hockas is going to be a half the game player even after hero returns. I don't think Haquez is gonna, you know, be out of the rotation or turn into, like, a 15 minute per game guy where we're like, you, 5, 3, and 1 is his line tonight. I think we're still gonna get half of the game, from Jaime Haquez and maybe even more. He's a 1st round pick. They got a lot invested in him, and and he's just he's so good with fitting in with these guys. He he's basically doc the new Max Strues. Right? He's a good shooter. He's a good defender. I mean, he literally he he plays a ton of point guard for this Miami Heat team where he literally brings the ball up and gets them into sets. He'll grab a defensive rebound and just dribble 5 times and then get a guy in the post and hit a little turnaround on him without even passing the ball. Like, he's really flowering right I should say, blossoming right now, and I think he's got staying powers. We will watch for that, doc. Let's see. Go ahead. Go ahead. In my, I I did a mailbag column for Rotowire last night. It should be published. It's probably being published as we as we speak. But one of the questions I got from mediocrities was how do you see Jaime Hachez faring once Jimmy Butler and Tyler Herra are back on the floor? His decision making and defense seem likely his decision making and defense seem like they'll afford him some playing time maybe at Richardson's expense. K? Bingo. And I said, mediocrities, while I agree with you that Hawkeyes has earned time, I'm just not sure he'll get enough of it to sustain the necessary, you know, fancy value we need for him to stay on rosters. Like, I don't think he's just gonna go away. I don't think they're gonna put him on the bench. I think he's gonna get 20 minutes, maybe 22, but he's not gonna be the guy we're seeing without Tyler Herra there and without, you know, Jimmy Butler taking every other game off. So I'm just I'm just gonna be prepared, to part ways with Haquez if I have to, because we got a lot of guys in Fantasy Basketball on the IR right now, and a lot of people are starting to make preparations for bringing those guys off the off the IR. You know, I'm getting a lot of emails like, hey. I I need to drop 2 of these guys. Which 2 do I drop? And it's like sent Santi Aldama. Do I drop Hameha? Do I drop PJ Washington, Kobe White, Tyus Jones, your guy? So a lot of people are gonna have hard decisions to make coming up, and, you know, it's gonna be interesting to see how this how this all shakes out. But I think with Tyler Herro and Jimmy Butler both healthy, it's gonna be tough for Haquez to get enough minutes to to be a must keep guy. I got one more hot take for you, and then let's go to the streets here. So this will be a fun debate for us to monitor moving forward as we continue to do Rick Kamla and Steve Alexander, the Rodewire Fantasy Basketball podcast, the usage of of Jaime Hawkes or not. I have a hot take for you. I I would not be surprised if the Miami Heat, when all these guys are healthy. Rockets starting 5 of Tyler Herro, Jaime Hawkes, Jimmy Butler, Caleb Martin, and Bam Adebayo. Would not surprise me at all. Lowry b off the bench. Duncan Robinson would be off the bench. Jay Rich off the bench. Highsmith off the bench, then you would have the Love and Brian combo behind Bam. Just throwing it out there. I I don't know that that's going to happen. I wouldn't even call it probable, but I think it's possible. So keep your eye on that. Why is Kyle Lowry starting at this stage of the game anyway? Because Hero's out. That's that's why. I think when Hero comes back, he'd be look. Like I said, Hawkeyes is running 1 for the Heat. Jimmy Butler brings the ball up, gets him into offense. Right? They don't they don't need Rondo out there, Dake. Right? I mean but I'm telling you, like, to me, Jaime hakkas is on the ball so much as the one. The Yahoo's and the CBS's, they need to add PG to Jaime Harkas, and FanTrax where Cam Dynasty is. I I believe they need to add PG to Jaime Harkas. I maybe that's another hot take here, but I see him on the ball as the one a lot. Well, I will say that if he moves into the starting lineup or if he sticks if he's in the starting lineup when Hero and Jimmy Butler are both playing, then I I I will take back everything I just said, and I will buy all in on Hawkeyes. I I do love him. I think he's got a great, IQ a great understanding of the game, very high basketball IQs. Spo loves him. I think his teammates love him. I think he's they love playing with him. He looks he looks like he fits in out there. He looks right, passes the eye test, all that stuff. So, I mean, hang on to Haquez as long as you can. Hopefully hopefully, you know, Hero comes back. We get to see what happens after that. So Hero should be coming back pretty soon here. Over the last 5 games, Hockas is at 18 and a half points, the heat leader over that stretch. 1.2 steals, 2 threes, 565686 with the shooting splits. That good. Alright, doc. What up? What up? One more thing real quick. Yeah. Yeah. The NBA season is here. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code ROTOWIR for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's promo code ROTOWIR for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vivint Seats. Experience it live. We are live with y'all right now. It is Cam. It is dakay. We are the fantasy basketball podcast, and let's go to the streets, man. We have, mister a. We have, Aditya, who we talked to earlier. Here we go with Eric. He says, we'll pop up his, his note here. Do you think Caris LeVert's value sits somewhere between where it was and where it is currently? Thank you. He's always a guy that I sleep on, doc. You know, it's the bench thing. Right? And you got Struce coming in there, and you've got the score 4 of Garland and Mitchell and Allen and Mobley. And so, he's a key. Kinda gets lost in the shuffle for me a little bit. To me, I look at him more of a as a reality guy than a fantasy guy, because, I mean, what are we gonna get? 12, 44, maybe a 3, maybe a steal? Like, it's alright. I'm not a big Caris LeVert guy. Do you have, do you have something else you wanna tell me about Caris LeVert? So I I look at his value the same as I've kind of always looked at it. Yep. I I I tell you, though, there are times when he comes through. Like, if somebody's injured and Caris LeVert's gonna play big minutes, he puts up he can put up some good numbers. So I'm with you. I think he's more of a reality player than a fantasy guy. I don't think he needs to be rostered everywhere right now. But, you know, if Darius Garland's out or somebody else is out one night, run him out there and see what happens because he's he's he's he can put up some decent numbers. He's about 13th round value right now, so he's just clinging on at the end of benches where he usually is. He's a streamer. He's a pickup if if one of the guys goes out like Doc said, but that's where we're at with that. Alright. Let's pull up, Lester's note here. Doc a. He says Middleton or Thais, r o s, 9 cap roto. The this roto thing, man. Where is the HTH? Guys, play HTH. Is HTH dying, by the way, doc, or is HTH still thriving and very, very prosperous? You tell me. I I don't I don't know. It's just different. Every every site's different. Like, ESPN, they tell me that their leagues are mostly 8 to 10 man leagues, which is crazy to me because I I don't play an 8 to 10 man Ew. Yahoo Yahoo Football Leagues are you know, the standard ones are 10 teams. Yeah. And Yahoo Sucks. I don't play them anymore because of 10 teams? Get out of here with that. 8 teams? So the roster percentages are real different. Like, if you look at roster ship in ESPN versus yahoo, it's different because ESPN has smaller leagues. But, yeah, head to head, I don't think I don't think it's going anywhere. I don't think it's it's time. But then again, you know, I talk to people on the when I'm out in town or on the golf course, like, fantasy basketball. I didn't even know there was a thing. I knew about fantasy football, and it's like, okay. Well, whatever. End of combat. I I would take my clubs and leave the course. I just Head to head head to head is fine. Head to head is not going anywhere. Alright. Wanted to just take your temperature on that. So, Lester says Middleton or Tyus, ROS nightcap roto? You guys, the Tyus Jones thing, the plane is still on the tarmac. Alright? Think about this. You're at LaGuardia or you're at Newark. Right? And and you know how traveling in and out of those, airports goes. Right. You're you're on the plane. We're ready for takeoff, and then the, the the the, why am I blinking on this? The freaking pilot, thank you, going back to 1st grade, says, we've got a mechanical malfunction, and we're gonna be stuck on the tarmac. How long? We don't know. Sit tight. Alright. You're there for 3 hours. Right? That's the Ty Jones experience this year. This is a gigantic fantasy buzzkill. We're talking 10 points. We're talking 5 assists. We're talking, I don't even think a steal right at about a 3. He's been a monstrous disappointment for me in the 30 deep league that I'm still trying to win, but I will not win this year because my team is so mediocre largely because of Tyus Jones. So, doc, I will take the old and decrepit and often injured and super minutes restricted Khris Middleton over this young, prosperous, fantasy sleeper gone wrong, Tyus Jones. How about you? I'm I can't I can't do Khris Middleton, man. I can't do it. There's no upside to Tyus Jones, and he will be shut down after the all star break. You know this. Right? No. I don't know that. I don't know that. He's young. He's he's he's you know, the crazy thing I was looking I was looking at this last night. We're only, what, 17 games in. His number his minutes he's getting 3 more minutes a game this year than he got last year. He's in a feature role as the starting point guard on this team, yet his numbers are exactly the same as they were last year. He's exactly the same, and it's total buzzkill like you said. And how much of it is it related to Jordan Poole? Like, is Jordan Poole mentally buzzkilling that entire team to where they're just like, oh my I like, they don't even know what to do anymore. They have, what, 2 or 3 wins. Denny Abdija looks decent. Tyus looks tore horrible. Jordan Poole, you know, we talked about him the other day, and my only note on Jordan Poole I had written down for Tuesday's podcast was Jordan Poole dash what the hell. Like, what is he doing? And it like, he's ruining Tyus Jones in the process. Like, I don't know, man. But I still I still wait on Tyus Jones before I'm going, with your boy, Middleton. I'm not into the Middleton experience at all. I'm taking the lesser of 2 evils here, and the lesser of 2 evils is Khris Middleton, who is going to be playing more and more and more, we think, unless he's put back into bubble wrap. Patrick O'Hara is with us. He says, am I dropping Jordan Clarkson over Sharp, Poole, and Beasley in a 10 team punt assist field goal percentage team? Punt assist and is that a league that does not do assists and field goal percentage? Is that what he's saying? He's punting those. He's he's he's given up in those. He doesn't care about them. Okay. So let me let me compute this. 10 team. We don't need assists. We don't need field goal percentage. Am I dropping Clarkson? Let me think here. Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah dah dah dah dah dah dah. Clarkson's shade on Sharpe. I would rather I mean, Sharp is is the main hold out of that whole thing. Malik Beasley, nah. I'm not I'm not really feeling that. I I feel like I can get more value out of Clarkson until the shutdown. I'm definitely holding on to Poole. So Beasley's the drop there for me. Yeah. And I I mean, if Middleton's gonna play more yeah. I don't know. I I would drop Beasley out of that group myself. And and Shaedon Sharp has taken a bit of a a downturn with whole Malcolm Brogdon being back. So, Shaydon Sharp is gonna be showing up on waiver wires, I'm afraid. And I don't know if he should be or not, but I I I'm still super intrigued by Shaydon Sharp. He, he most definitely should not be on waivers. He's one of those guys you know, I mean, if if if you're if it's starting to lead to l's and a and a bad rating on Yahoo, alright, maybe maybe you gotta do what you gotta do, but I I would I would hang in there with Shaden Sharp until the last possible moment. You know, like, like The Rock in a in an action movie. Right? Like, holding on for I I I'd hold on, man. I would hold on. Alright. Lakers nation says, doc, should I trade Sabonis and Jalen Green for Embiid 9 cat? Oh, man. I don't think so, doc. I don't. I would I would rather and I I mean, Embiid's is so massive this year. The assists are way up around last I checked, they were 6.6, which is second on the team to Maxey at 6.9. That was prior to last night's game. I'm not I I I mean, I love some Embiid, doc, but, no. Sabonis is a beast, man. 17, 12, and 7 every game. You know, Jalen Green has been, I think, a little bit less than we thought, but still really solid. That third quarter he had last night against Denver was something else. So I'm not doing that deal, doc. How about you? That's what I was gonna say about Jalen Green is he's he's looked better over the last week than he did the 1st month of the season. So I am intrigued by Jalen Green's sudden emergence. I think there is hope. There Sabonis and Green. I mean, if you want Joel Embiid on your team, this is the kinda guy I'm this is what you're gonna have to do. You're gonna have to give up 2 studs to get him back. And without seeing Lakers nation's actual team and the makeup of it, it's hard to say yes or no on this. If you can trade a 2 for 1, not lose depth, and add Joel Embiid to your squad, I don't I don't hate that trade if you're getting Embiid. If you if you have an abundance of depth and you've kinda gotta consolidate, I understand. And I've had to do some consolidation trades, in the Cam Dynasty with, you know, a bunch of guys on on the IR, and then they come off, and and so you kinda prep for that. I'm not a guy that will, like, like, cheat. You know what I mean? And, like, have injured dudes, and and then they're not injured and leave them in the injury spot. I I think that's pretty lame. And I'm very kinda I'm very, I don't know, hands off doc. Like, I'm not, like, going through every day to see whose roster is legal and and illegal. I I just try to mow my own backyard the right way. And, I I did play against a guy last night. I mean, I'm cooking him this week, 7 1. I'm looking for an 8 o. And I'm trying to pass Ken Crites, in the 1st place in the cam dynasty. We both are 30 and 10 right now. But the guy I played against last night didn't even set his lineup. Like, that really pisses me off, man. And his team sucks, but put put dead bodies in there. You gotta you gotta at least set your lineup, man. So that bothered me. Alright. One more here, from, let's put this one in, and let's put this one up. It is, Amir Ramich. I hope I got your name right, sir. Would you trade Cade for Kessler in 9 cat, 12 team setup? I'm worried about if he will play, with the Pistons being as they are. Thanks, guys. I'm not trading away Cade for, for Walker Kessler. And, doc, I've been going back and forth with a a team manager in the Cam Dynasty about Scottie Barnes and Cade Cunningham. I got a thing for Scottie Barnes, man. I'm sorry. I do. I got a thing. The defensive goodies are amazing. The blocks. I mean, the blocks, the assists this year, like, it's it's all happening. I got a thing, for him. And this guy wanted, he it was like, Cade Cunningham, Jalen Johnson, and a 1st round pick next year for Scottie Barnes. And I got back to this guy, and I I like this guy a lot, but I said to him, that offer is hilariously terrible. One of the worst I've ever gotten in fantasy basketball. I mean, it's god awful. Right? Like and I told him back. I said, I would think about giving you cage straight up for Scottie Barnes. Okay? Like, I don't even know if I wanna do that. I probably would, doc. You back me into a corner. I'll probably give you Cade for Scottie Barnes. But here's my worry with Scottie Barnes. K? What if, because we know that the dismantling of Toronto is going to happen. Right? Siakam, final his deal. O'Giannon OB might be traded. Okay. Cool. Scottie Barnes, it's his show. For how long? K, doc? For how long before you go get a nasty point guard that's a 2010 guy taking the rock back from Scottie Barnes? Maybe you go get a hotshot through free agency. Right? And now Scottie Barnes is not the first option. He's the second option. What if Scottie Barnes has traded and his new team, you know, looks at him as more of a role player and a glue guy than like a main guy? You know what I'm saying? So, ah, I mean, I I'm into the Scottie Barnes thing, but I can't I I'm still, like, there with Cade Cunningham, doc. I'm not ready to cut the cord yet. Matter of fact, I'm not even close to it. So talk to me about, all of that right here. Are you trading, Cade for Walker Kessler? Probably not. I mean, I think Walker Kessler is just as good a shot as getting shut down as Kade does. Actually, I probably would do it because Kade yeah. Scratch that. I would do that trade. Kade's Kade's fantasy ranking is awful, dude. Awful. He's, like, 16th round. Well, then why would you do the trade? To get Walker Kessler. Why the hell would you trade Cade Cunningham for Walker Kessler? You just banged on Walker Kessler. No. I'm talking about Cade. Oh, so oh, I think you're alright. I'm my bad. Maybe I'm maybe I'm not speaking correctly. No. The guy said the guy said, would you trade Cade for Kessler? So you gotta give up Cade to get Kessler. And Cade is a 16th round Fantasy player right now. I get it. The efficiency sucks. The defense isn't there. Shooting is terrible. I don't know, man. The the threes are decent from Kade. He's about 2 a game. I don't know. I feel like I feel like there's more there. I mean, that guy, Yurts, have been starting over Kessler right now. Well, Kessler's been hurt. Kessler's on a minutes minutes count still. Yo. He ain't hurt now, bro. Why isn't he starting? David, Cade Cunningham is not good at fantasy basketball right now. Oh, wow. Shots fired. By the way, Detroit does not shut down their main dudes. Following them the last couple of tanky years, they don't shut their guys down. I don't think they're gonna shut Kaye down or Ivy down or Asar down. I don't think they're gonna shut him down. By the way not yeah. Yeah. I Kade Cunningham's numbers are not good for they they hurt your fantasy team more than they help you, and I would rather have Walker Kessler. Having said that, your guy, Jaden Ivey, is making a splash lately, and I think it's time to go pick Jaden Ivy up everywhere. I think he's gonna go off the rest of the season. As soon as Monty Williams came to his senses and moved Ivy into the starting lineup, it was giddy up time for Jaden Ivy. It should have always been giddy up time for Jaden Ivy. And to me, if you were if I were doing a coaching power ranking, 1 through 30, Monty Williams would be 30 on that list. I think he has done a god awful job of coaching this team this year. His rotations have been sucky. He continually bangs on his players after all of these games. When it's like, yo, Monty, you are coaching with a win now philosophy on a win 5 years from now team. What is going on here? And he's flexing that he's the highest paid coach in the NBA. I I'm not feeling it at all, doc, but this has been a fun hour with you, my friend, on the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. You got one more thought for the people? I'm gonna be back on Tuesday with your guy, Ken Crites. You and I are gonna be back here on Thursday. Go get Jaden Ivey. Let's say a little a little get well note for Victor Wemyon Yamah. I need him to play through this hip. Please, please play, Wembley. Alright. So, a little fantasy basketball prayer for Wembley to play tonight. He will be at home against the Hawks and, should be a, a juicy matchup for him if he can go. Guys, we really appreciate the comments. We appreciate all of you guys being in here. Like, subscribe. Like, subscribe. Hit those buttons. For doctor a, go ahead, Rick. For doctor a. I'm Rick Kaleb. We're the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Have a great weekend. Get some wins. Go with some money on underdog, and we'll see you next week, guys. Peace out. Me out.