Hey, everybody. Welcome back to the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. I'm Steve Alexander, doctor a. That's Rick Kamla, the freak, the legend. It's February 8th, Tuesday. Happy trade deadline day, everybody. We are gonna talk trade deadline. We're gonna take a lot of questions. We're gonna do this right after this song. Your cold opens make my week bad. It is Rick Kamla. It is Steve Alexander. We are the OGs. This is the award winning RodalWire Fantasy Basketball podcast brought to you by Underdog and FanDuel. Happy Super Bowl week, everybody. Happy trade deadline day. And, we do have some trades that have gone down here. Doc, I'm gonna hit you rapid fire style here. Do any of these trades move your needle at all of the ones that have gone down starting, you know, at about noon yesterday? We had, your boy, Simone Fontecchio, traded to the Detroit Pistons, Knox in a second round pick going back to Utah, Kevin Knox, Xavier Tillman going to Boston, some picks involved. Lamar Stevens is gonna go down to Memphis in this trade, and then Monte Morris going to Minnesota. I didn't think Minnesota needed to make a move, doc. They've obviously got their backup point guard. Tim Connolly is the shot caller for Minnesota. He had Monte, and Denver and, well, obviously, liked him a lot. He wanted him back. But Jordan McLaughlin, I thought was playing well. Shaikh Milton somehow has fallen out of the rotation there. I'm not sure what really is going on with that, but I thought they were good at backup point guard. Nevertheless, they're bringing Monte Morris. For dynasty league, for deep leagues, for any league, do any of these moves, churn your needle so far? No. So, Simone They do not, sir. Is is Fonsecchio still on your team in the cam dynasty doc, or or did you dump him? I think he still might be hanging around. I did like him in Utah. Like, I did like the fact that he was playing, you know, 25, 30 minutes and doing some stuff. But yeah. Yeah, no. But that ain't happening now, man. That ain't happening now. Alright. So, so let's say and and by the way, these trades are doing nothing for me either. Okay? If look, Tillman is a streamer. Let me let me put it this way. To me, Xavier Tillman is a streamer. On a non Horford game, on a non Porzingis game, on maybe, Tatum is out, Anne Horford is out. But if if Horford, Porzingis, and Tatum are healthy, Tay, Tillman's gonna play 12, 14, 15 minutes, but he could get 28, 30 minute games, when those guys are out. So just keep your eye on that. Xavier Tillman, to me, has entered the streaming zone now that he has been traded. Your your boy Ken Crites sent me a mailbag question for the rotor wire mailbag column that is probably posted by now. I don't I don't even know. He said, do I drop Luke Cornett in my 20 team league now that Xavier Tillman is in Memphis? I was like, thank you, k train, for reminding me that Luke Cornett still plays in the NBA. Let me think about this. Obviously, Cornett, you know, I just picked him up, streamer style in a 20 team fantasy league. I wonder if we're in the same one. It's, called m it's called Sam Hinkie's letter. It is I mean, it's you and it's you and it's you and k train in there. Right? Like, you've he probably dropped him, and you probably picked him up. I don't know if he's in this league. I I gotta, I I gotta look it up. Doc, I don't concern myself with who the other owners are. I concern myself with winning. And I you know, the names that pop up and, you know, k 10s, explorers, and all that. I don't care. You're just the next victim. So, I'm looking here at at your boy Cornett. Recently, he's had a couple of decent games in a 20 team league of my holding Luke Cornett boy. He's right on the cut line, man. He's right. I I I'll tell you this. I would rather have Xavier Tillman in a 20 team league than I would Luke Cornett. But if Tillman's not available, I may still hold if Tillman's not available, I may still hold, Luke Cornett. You know who I who I'd rather have is Gigi Jackson, your boy. Are you now are you now on Gigi Jackson? I am a put Gigi Jackson on your roster, stash him, sit on him, wrap a blanket around his head, and try to smother him to death like you're his big brother. Yeah. Like, I I think you want him on your roster because what what does Memphis have left? Like, we are literally counting down the minutes for the, Jaren Jackson junior shutdown. Right? And it's Sante Aldama, it's Gigi Jackson, and it's that dude, Danny, what what's that guy's name? Is that David Rod. Rod. Yeah. You know, Rod? Alright. So, look, I'm this is one of those days, guys, where you gotta look a lot because there's gonna be movement, and when guys go out then, spots are backfilled by other guys, and the waiver wire this is maybe the most important day on the waiver wire. You know, you think of the 1st week of the season, doc, where you got, you know, opening night. Well, there's only 2 games. Right? And then you got Wednesday night, that first Wednesday. So many questions are answered about rotations, and, oh my god, this guy's completely out of the rotation. Oh my god, this guy started for whatever team. Like, that's a really critical point for the waiver wire. And so is today. Okay. So guys, look alive out there, because you can find some some finds, like, you know, I don't know, like, Gigi Jackson might be that guy. And if you've got only a couple of waiver wire spots left, I would recommend waiting, being a little patient here, and taking all the way to 3 EST today to see what materializes because you'd hate to be out of pickups for the week, in your league, and then, oh my god. I really wanna pick up this guy. He's green lit for a 28 minute per game assignment here, but I'm out of out of transactions. Talk to me about how you approach trade deadline day, doc. It's it's very important. It's sort of like it's not as important as, like the 1st day of waivers in the NFL because they're so fewer running backs and fewer teams, but it's up there. Like, it's it's up there with the most important days for for basketball. This is why you save your 2 or 3 moves or 4 moves for today. Because not only do the players that move gain value, but the players that don't move gain value, and people know this. It's not rocket science. You you you gotta have moves available to make today. You do. And so, I know you wanted to talk about Jalen Brunson, and, you know, obviously, with the turned ankle the other night. So take us in your thoughts on that. And is it is it Dante DiVincenzo's season right now? It has been for the last 5 games. He's been phenomenal. It is Divincenzo's season. It is Kuminga's season. Like, dreams are coming true on this podcast. Right? Like, I'm so excited about Divincenzo, So excited about Kuminga. So excited about, like, all of those. There's so many players right now that are just balling out and the Vincenzo is going crazy. And the Knicks are going crazy. Dude, what is happening? Like there's there's so good all of a sudden the Knicks and Cleveland and the Clippers. And even the Hawks are playing better. Dante DiVincenzo has been out of his mind. Kinda. I I think the Hawks are 4 and 3 in their last 7. I have noticed a little bit of a diversification, down the stretch. Trae Young is not ball hogging as much as he typically does. You mentioned dreams come true, doc. And, and and so let's have a quick conversation here about another dude, that is making dreams come true in the fantasy world. It is Rick Kamla. It is Steve Alexander. We are the Royalty Wire Fantasy Basketball podcaster today brought to you by Underdog and FanDuel. Jaden Ivy just led the Pistonians to a victory at Sac last night without Cade Cunningham, and he went for 37 points. This is the most important game of Jaden Ivy's NBA career. This is a win at a good team, a top 6 team in the west, and you went off and got that win, evoking boos from the crowd down on their beloved Sacramento Kings. And I I I kinda scoff at at some of the stuff that Monty Williams said, and I'll read it to you here because of how Monty shamed Jaden Ivy. I don't know what the before the hyphen shamed is. Age shamed him. I don't know. I don't know what pretty shamed him. Okay? And so, last night, 37 points, Monty Williams said, the fearlessness he plays with. Dude, why were you playing them 18 minutes a game to start the year? Why? K? Williams, unIV ceiling, it's hard to recognize what a guy's ceiling is. No. It's not, dude. Watch the games. Watch them at Purdue. It's not hard to see what a guy's ceiling is. It's literally not hard. Difficult. It's easy. We can do it. It's literally not hard. Doctor a. Okay? He says, also, but I see a young man who's getting better and who's coachable, and so he's gonna go back to coachable. When I have to coach him up, he looks me in the eyes and takes it the right way because you're you're the John Wayne of NBA head coaches. I am so out on Monty Williams. Okay? Here's how easy it is to scout up talent. Okay? Doc, when I watch Jaden Ivy at the University of Purdue coming downhill, rocked up half back body, I'm like, woah. That dude's gonna be a stud in the NBA. Dang. It's not that hard. And you know what, doc? You know who I was comparing him to? Dwayne Wade and Donovan Mitchell. Alright? And do you know what their style lines look like? Yes. You do, of course. Let's focus on Dwayne Wade. Getting fired up and losing my boys. Dwayne Wade was a 25 and 5 guy. A 25, 5 and 5 guy. Right? Later in his career, drifted to the 25 and 5 zone. Jada and Ivy over the last month. K? Green lit, lot of lot of games, lot of minutes. 24 and 5. I'm gonna stand up and take a bow. 2.3 threes, 48% from the field. I literally said in the pre draft process, he's a 25 and 5 guy in the NBA. I said this on the air, documented. And Monty White's a hard to find with a guy's ceiling is when you're not playing a guy, maybe, or when you're just confused. It that hit a total nerve with me, dude. But Jaden Ivy is good to go. Hallelujah to the fantasy world. One of my mailbag questions from Lex was give me 10 coaches in the NBA that you love. And I was like, that's the most boring question ever. Nobody wants to listen to that. So I said, I'll give you 3. I love and 3. I hate. And with the love, I went with Jason Kidd because he plays Luca every night and Luca can play. He keeps the same rotation. Steve Clifford is running Brandon Miller out there every night. Love that. Michael Malone, great quotes. I love what he does with with Jokic. Like, it's just fun. My top 3 don't likes were Jacques Vaughn for ruining the life of Cam Thomas, Darvin Ham for being Darvin Ham, and Lonnie Monty Williams was number 3. Getting all that money, all that money, dude. I know. He's got LeBron. He's got AD. He's got a lot to work with. He's got a lot of he's got a lot of problems. He's got 99 problems, actually. Yeah. But you're you're throwing knives at the homie, man. You're throwing knives at the homie. That that's why I'm like I'm I'm I'm in a I'm in a straightjacket right now. I'm wiggling. I'm not comfortable. I'm a Darvin Ham dude, man. That's my guy. Like, I'm funny as a Darvin. Like, that's my guy, man. So, like, I I could sit here for this Darvin was gone. What's that? I thought Darvin was gone. Oh. But he's gone. G g buster. Rob Plinkett got his back, yo. Why would you whack Darvin Ham? He just won the in season tournament for the love of God. Oh, yeah. They hit a lull. Guys weren't playing hard all the time. It's Darvin's fault. He should be throwing he's just throwing players off. Boo hoo. Get with it, man. Didn't they have a strobe light party and put up a pennant? Like, whatever, dude. Jerry West is drawing over in his grave. If if he was in the grave if he was in a grave, he'd be rolling over. Yeah. Yeah. Look look out for the great Jerry West. I completely disagree, by the way. I I I'm completely fine with them hanging a banner. They had to hang a banner. K? Whether whether it's it's to me, like, I don't know if the Lakers wanted to or not, but they had to. Okay? Like, there was a political, reason for doing it. If the Lakers don't hang a banner, it literally urinates on all of the fuss that we made over the in season tournament. You gotta hang a banner. Like, the league will I believe that the league office would literally, like, kinda sorta hard insist on it. Like, do it. Just do it. You don't have to make a huge deal out of it, but you gotta put a banner up. Otherwise, it it just cheapens the whole event. Anyway, random take. Okay. Rick, I'm I'm taking Darvin Ham off my list. I'm putting Nick Nurse on there for ruining Chris Boucher. Wait. And then I've also got That's another one. Yeah. Homies, man. I go way back with Nick. Like, that's my dude, man. I say He no. I will never get over the Chris Boucher disrespect that he showed for the last 10 years. What's that? Even from But hold on. Hold on. Now Monty Williams Monty is trying to kill Aussier Thompson and Jade Navy because of Alec Burks and Bojan Bogdanovic. Give me a break, dude. I can't do this. Let the kids play, bruh. But, dude, Darko Reyakovich also does not like Chris Boucher. This is not a Nick Nurse thing. I think this is a Chris Boucher motor thing, doc. Chris Boucher's 32 now, dude. It's over. So over. It's so over. The upside, the ceiling, the the that little that zip of upside. No. It's gone, man. Nobody cares about Christmas. Gone. It's all gone. There Oh my god. You cracked me up, dude. You cracked me up. Gone. So, it is the Rodowire Fantasy Basketball podcast, award winning FanDuel and Underdog sponsor this thing. Rick Kamla and Steve Alexander. Won. Go ahead, dude. What's up? What have we won? Have we won anything? What do you mean? You and I. Like, has our podcast won anything? No. Not yet, but we're it's going to one day. I have no idea. As soon as I get those cold opens down, dude, I think we're on our way to something. Dude, your cold opens are arguably the best part of the show. Okay? I literally as I'm on camera straight as straight faced as I can be, I'm literally, like, holding back laughter. Okay? And maybe, like, 5% of tears. But it's it's all good, dude. Talk to me about Khris Middleton's injury right here because he came down on the foot of Kevin Durant the other night. He called an f f one on it for getting under his landing space, but dang, dude. Here we go again with Khris Middleton, doc. And I don't really know who's gonna backfill him in this. Right? I'm not psyched about Andre Jackson. I'm not psyched about Pat Connick, and I'm not psyched about any of these guys. No. He's one of those guy like, there's teams where a stud goes down and nothing happens. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, if if Khris Middleton fell in the middle of the woods, did it make a sound? But he left that game. He left that arena on crutches. His numbers have been terrible anyway. Like, he was on my fallers list before the injury happened. Now you put that dude on crutches and have him skating across the hardwood on the way out of the out of the arena. It's not not a good not a good look. You know, I think if I if I had Khris Middleton in a 12 team league in today's trade trade deadline day, he'd he'd be a guy I'd have queued up to cut. Interesting. You just sent a thought into my brain about that. I may, I've got a, a little lingering, 3rd round pick, in the Cam Dynasty. I may I may float that 3rd round pick at Ani Shreedhar. He's a producer of Fantasy Sports Radio, and he, traded for Khris Middleton from the k trade, Ken Ken Kreitz. Yeah. I may do that. I may do that because I I don't know. This isn't gonna be a full year thing. You're gonna have to ramp them back up, make the play out, push all of this. Middleton's not done for the year. Obviously very frustrating what we're seeing. He has had some decent games. It's really a buzzkill because, like, you wanted him to continue the momentum, raising the minutes limit, maybe one day get off the back to backs. And so now that he's, maimed himself again, that that, like, that ain't gonna happen. But, I mean, the 3rd round pick in the Cam Dynasty is not that valuable. It's kinda valuable. 1st round pick, extremely valuable. 2nd round pick, pretty damn valuable. In a 3rd round pick, you start getting really deep out into the weeds, but don't tell everybody that. I'm gonna try to get some value out of this. It is a high, 3rd round pick. I'm in 1st place. It's not the last pick in the draft. Well, we got a 3 round draft. It's it's very high in the 3rd round. So, also, we got a VanVleet injury here, doc, with the oh, god. There's been a lot of adductor lately. I believe VanVleet has fallen into the adductor combine, unfortunately. They're talking about at least a 4 gamer, probably out through the all star break, maybe beyond. Don. Don. But Ahmed Thompson, welcome to the starting 5, and welcome to the waiver wire madness as everybody's trying to pick him up. So what what does the Van Vliet injury do for you, man? It makes Amen Thompson a hot pickup, and it makes Jalen Green season s z n style. Jalen Green is balling and Amen Thompson's been balling for, like, 6 games now. Like, I think I think it is, Thompson Twins season doctor doctor style, hold me now, the the the big song from 16 candles, the Thompson Twins are back in style. I I feel like both Thompson Twins are going to have a big second half. I I think you should pick up Amen Thompson everywhere you can get him right now and stash him, play him, sit on him, whatever. He's been, he's been fun. Houston's fun. I don't know that, you know, they there was a time when we were talking like 8 weeks ago where Houston was in the thick of the playoff race. They're not anymore. They're down at the bottom. They're fading. It's time to let the kids play. It's time to figure out what we've got to work with next year. It's Amen Thompson seasons. It is. Now, Emei ain't gonna rock like that. Trust me. He's they're they're not going to, you know, shut down. Like, they will go for it. They will put all their best to the wood every single night. The Tar Heeason thing is never ending, man, and, we we wish him well. He was, he still is one of the homies, but, but, you know, not not playing is a problem. One more thing, well, maybe a couple more things here, doc, I wanna talk about. I wanna talk about Jimmy Butler here real quick to everybody. K? I want this is it may not be by load time anymore, but maybe it is. Okay? Hear me out. To me, it's finally Jimmy Butler season, like Doc said, not spelled out, but s z n. I I'm not a heat well, I mean, I just there there's some teams that I watch all the time, and the Miami Heat are one of those teams. And it's been a dreadful assignment recently. Right? They lost 7 games in a row. These were with Jimmy Butler. Okay? And it's like, come on. Where's the run? Where's the spark? Where's the juice? Where's the mojo? Where's the woah. Woah. Woah. Where's the barking dog? Okay? Where is this stuff? Poof. Vaporized. It's up in the atmosphere somewhere. Okay? Not recently, doc. Jimmy Butler and and he's activated. K? He went like this with his finger and he went boop, and he pushed pushed the switch. They've won 4 of their last 5. They're passing the eye test now, and they're passing the eye test because Jimmy Butler's bringing the juice. He's activated. And when he's activated, everybody's else is like, yo, I better plug into that. Otherwise, I'm gonna get screamed at by Jimmy Butler for not bringing it hard enough. Okay? Where everybody should have been screaming at Jimmy all year for not bringing it hard enough, but hey. So we're dynamic max players in commercials. You get what you get. Jimmy Butler over the last 5 games, doctor a, has gone 23 points, 6 rebounds, 8 assists, 2 steals. That's Jimmy Butler. Not this 17, 5, and 4, one steal bull crap that we've been getting. Right? 23, 8, and 6 with 2 steals. Triple double last night. And here's why you try to buy low with him right now. If you have been a manager of Jimmy Butler this year, are you happy with the experience so far? Hell no. You're not. You probably might wanna hit the escape button on Jimmy Butler. So go make a move right now and don't lavish that manager. You know, make a legitimate offer, but see what you can get for Jimmy Butler. Don't overpay. If if that first offer, doesn't strike, then maybe you can up it with another offer, but start like medium and then maybe work your way up. And clearly, I'm not saying you gotta go, you know, like you're hunting Moby Dick here. Okay? But, but I I think I think it's Jimmy Butler season. We're in February. He's like, okay. Enough screwing around. We it's go time now. We don't wanna be in the play in tournament. We'd like to win out of that. So, you're you're, are you buying what I'm selling here on Jimmy Butler? Absolutely not. No. No. Is it because of the lack of threes you don't trust him to stay on the court? Are are you are you indicting my analysis? What are we doing here? I am not indicting your analysis, first of all. No. The fact that you love Jimmy Jimmy Butler right now and the fact that I don't, is what makes this fun. The the fact that, you know, people send us trade offers and they're like, who won? And one guy says, oh, man. That's that's obvious. You won. And the other guy's like, oh, no. This guy won. And then we nobody won until the season's over, and we find out who finished it out and and who played well. I I just don't trust Jimmy Butler to play basketball games, until the actual NBA playoffs get here. And the problem is that the NBA Fantasy playoffs happened during what I call silly season when Jimmy Butler is resting up for the real playoffs. I got an argument on Facebook yesterday with some dude named Steven Boucher. Wasn't really an argument. He's a nice guy. Related to your boy, Chris Boucher? Any Well, I they may be they may be In relation to Bobby Boucher, the water boy. It's pick a Boucher season, any Boucher. And, Rick, before, when I used to do this podcast, not this one, but a podcast with Matt Straub, I used to always accidentally call Chris buche, buche, Chris Bosh, which was always fun. But, you know, I just think Jimmy Butler still gonna miss miss games. He's gonna be not play and Jaime Hakez is not done yet. He's gonna come back and buzzkill, Jimmy Butler, and I just don't trust him. Yeah. I understand. It all comes down to trust. Finally here before we go to the streets and bring up the comments from the people doc. Onyeka Okangwu, with the Clint Capela injury here, and, this was a couple of days ago, they said reevaluated in 7 to 10 days. Reevaluated does not mean return, as everybody here knows. So we're talking about a multiple week absence from Clint Capela, and Anya Okonwu has looked great. You know, especially the game before the Boston game, Duncan, hitting threes, bringing the bench up off its feet. This is and he's probably already on teams. Looks like Claude Claude Santos is a Saint Buddy Heel for Marcus Morris. Really? Indiana trade, there's gotta be something more to that trade. Doc, it looks like we've got some breaking news here. Claude Santos, thank you for Wait, wait, wait. Is Buddy is Buddy healed gone? I'm I'm on Woj here. Claude, give me give me who broke that trade right here. I think Claude just scooped Woj, by the way. Yes. Shams Who's this? Claude just scooped Woj. I'm serious here. Shams got the scoop here on this deal, unless I'm, like, on the wrong area with Woje. But, Indiana nearing a deal where Buddy Heel goes to the sixers according to Shams, and he where's the Marcus Morris part of this? I mean, Claude Santos for the win, dude. He's like he's like jumping Shams and Woje right here. Oh, no. Get Benedict Matherin right now. There it is. Run. Analysis. Run. Should they walk or run, doc? Run. Run your waiver wire. Let us go. There's 65 people watching us right now, Rick. All 65 of them should be running to their waiver wire for Benedict Mathuram right now. How about Nebhard? He's not mad either. Either one. Rank the 3. TJ McConnell, Nimbhard, or, Matherin. If they're all on waivers, rank those 3. Matherin, Nimhard, McConnell. Mhmm. I would do it the same way. Claude Santos, that's awesome. We appreciate you being here first of all and, and bringing that to us. Wait, Claude's breaking this in our in our comments? You're muted. There it is, Claude Santos. Boom. It's right there. Claude, look. I saw you were looking at this right here. Screen. Hold on. I just for, like, I'm gonna cuss real quick. Your shits and giggles, I'm gonna I'm gonna look at Wojir real quick, and see if he's even got this trade. Dude, I tried I tried to go look at Twitter. You know what I saw? Travis Kelce. Oh my god. Woje doesn't even have this trade. Woge, what it is Woge okay? Oh, here we go with Woge 6 minutes ago. He did he did have it. Let me see how, let me see if Woge got the scoop here on Chomps. When did Chomps have it? It all comes down to the minutes, doc. I think that, yeah, Shams got it. He started it with, Indiana's nearing a deal for Buddy Heel. That was the soft launch, and, Shams wins. That is a win for Shams. 2 minutes before Woj with that. But here's the thing with Buddy Heel, doc. I don't, god. What's he doing with Gary Trent? Look, I'm not, I'm not crazy about Buddy Heel going to Philly. I mean, I like it for Philly. It's another weapon, another 3 point shooter. I don't think Buddy Heel is gonna turn into 18 points and 3 point 3 threes in Philadelphia. I they they got a lot of dudes. Right? You got Melton. You've got, Kelly Oubre. You've got, other wings that play there are Firk and Quirkmass. I I don't know if Philly's roster in front of me. Let me look at Philly. It it It hurts it hurts Kelly Oubre is what it does. They got a lot of dudes. Melton, like I said, Oubre, Batum, Daniel House, KJ Martin. Sorry. I just need Patrick Beverly. None of those dudes play. Jaden Springer has been playing in the rotation a little bit, and they really like his defense. So I don't know. I look at Buddy Heel going their doc and playing, like, half the game. I think he'll be, like, a 24 minute per game guy, or do you think he's going to start now and Oubre will come off the bat? I think Oubre's in trouble. It ruins Springer, maybe. I've been using Springer in FanDuel, like, that's how good he's been. So, yeah, I I I I've got Oubre on a couple of rosters. I've been playing Oubre in FanDuel and DraftKings, whatever. Buddy Heel going there hurts that, and I I think Buddy Heel is there because they're so injured. Like, okay. We lost Joel Embiid. We haven't seen D'Anthony Melton or Nick Batum in over a month. Another guy you mentioned, KJ Martin. When was the last time we saw him do anything? He just had 15 points last night. Well, I I wasn't paying attention to that. Not even calling you out. I've got KJ Martin in my starting lineup in 30 deep. Like, that's how deep we go in 30 deep. Right? If I get 7 points, 5 rebounds, and a steal, because I got a couple guys hurt right now, okay. He's KJ Martin's literally in my 30 deep starting, starting Covington Covington is there too. Right? He is still there. Yes. I think they're like He's hurt. He hadn't played in a month. So, I mean, they just have a lot of banged up people. They get a healthy buddy healed in there. They didn't really give up much. I mean, this is more about the Pacers moving buddy healed. I I I feel like the Sixers kinda caught a gift. Yeah. I'm not seeing, I'd like to see, it it would probably be, I don't know, a first, but knowing Daryl Morey, he probably got Buddy without even giving up a first. I'm not seeing anything here on compensation yet. They're, let me see if Woj has got the compensation here on Pay Buddy. While you're looking while you're looking for that, tackle 1,000,000 in prizes all playoffs long in FanDuel Fantasy Contest. If you're new to fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now new customers, and I'm sure all of our customers are brand new to fantasy sports. If you're new, you get a 100% deposit matchup to $100 at FanDuel. Playing fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup and watch your team move up the leaderboard. My voice is going. Plus on FanDuel, you can choose from full slate contest featuring multiple games, single contests, season long best balls, beginner only contests, which are great for learning the ropes and more. And when you win, you get paid instantly. Kick off your FanDuel career with a 100% deposit match up to $100. Go to fanduel.com. Start playing for huge cash prizes today. That is Steve Alexander aka doctor a. I'm Rick Kamla. We are the OGs. We are the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast. And, and so we got another trade that's gone down here, doc, and it involves Kelly Olynyk. Otto Porter Junior, wow. He's still in the league and a 2024 first round pick. Okay. So this this is interesting. It's not it's not big. Clearly, I would not call this a blockbuster. So first of all, we've got the Canadian thing. Right? The, the Raptors just traded for, RJ Barrett. They, have now traded for Kelly Olynyk, so they're getting that Canada thing, going here. I like Ochai I like Ochai Ochai Ochai Ochai quite a bit. I do. He he's got he's he's he's got one of the best, like, bods in the NBA. This guy is ready to attack, and ready, I I think, for for some playing time here. Will he get it in Toronto? That's the hope. I I think Kelly Olynyk is gonna be in, in the soup here. You've got Jakob Poeltl, you've got Scottie Barnes. I mean, does he play 20 minutes off the bench? Maybe. But I don't think this is gonna lead to a pop, from Kelly Olynyk. I think it might lead to a pop though from Ochai Agbaji.ka. How's this one hitting you, man? I like, Ochi. I'm just calling that. I like him, in Toronto. I think he's gonna get minutes. Pour one out for my guy, Chris Bosch slash Boucher. Don. Kelly Olynyk. Hello, Chris Boucher. Goodbye. It's over. That's it. It's officially done. I need to get a Boucher jersey and hang it back here in memoriam. It's it's over. I Kelly Olynyk, when he gets minutes, dude, he's a fun fantasy player. He really is. He really is. I wish he would've gone to a better team. I I was kinda he because a lot of teams ran on Kelly Olynyk, and he went to Toronto and nobody's here. Not a bad spot though. Like, Pearl's been quiet all year. Siakam's gone. OG's gone. Like, Olynyk could go there and ball out for the rest of the season. I It could be a Linux season in Toronto, it may be. And, the Abbaji or however he's Abbaji, whatever you say his name. Paul Mochi, whatever you wanted to work with there. Yeah. That dude, I could see them slotting him right in and letting him play. So, this is interesting, and let let's dissect this. First of all, I totally disagree about Jakob Poeltl. He's been solid. 11 points, 8 rebounds, 1.4 blocks, leads the league in field goal percentage at almost 70. So Ochai pardon me. Olynyk is not gonna start over, Poeltl, but this is what could happen. Toronto has made they're they're the most busy team. They made the Siakam trade. They made the OG trade. Now they've made this trade, and they still got Bruce Brown, and and he's likely to be traded. So if Bruce Brown is traded, then it's really giddy up season on Ochayag Baji. And and so it may be, Olynyk too. Because if you trade out Bruce Brown, I don't know what you're going to get back. Maybe it's a first in dudes that don't matter. Then Kelly Olynyk, doc, may go to the 4, Scottie Barnes at the 3, but then we don't have a starting spot for our OgBagy, but we do have minutes for our OgBagy. So, yeah, I I think I I think, doc, boy, if I had to choose between if I had on waivers and I had Kelly Olynyk on waivers, I've seen Kelly Olynyk be a difference making stretch run beast. Okay? Remember that run-in Houston he had, doc, after he was traded there, and they were in tank mode, and everybody was hurt and all that kind of stuff. He went, like, 1874 with with threes and and defensive goodies. So I would I would say a linac is the pickup here, man. I think he is too. And I I like, like I said, I like it. I like when Kelly olytic gets minutes, like, it's fun and he he kind of balls out. Hey, Rick, Underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick them contest. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 in a free 6 month subscription to RotoWire, which is like cash money with promo code RWNBA. That's promo code RWNBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com. Download the underdog app today, and use promo code RW NBA to claim your free rotor wire subscription and deposit bonus. Hey. Did you talk about Dejounte Murray? Did we skip over that at the beginning? Or did you we yeah. What we, we we I I kinda you know, the the rundown, it's like, it's like Kyle Shanahan's play sheet. Right? And and so I don't necessarily go in order. We we bounce around a little bit. That's a 4th and one. We gotta go deeper into the into the playbook here. So what what you got on Dejounte, man? I don't have anything, but somebody asked me what my ideal trade was for Atlanta. And I was like, I don't know who who I even want back. I just want Dejounte, Sadik Bey, Deandre Hunter, and Clint Capela to all go away. That's it. I mean, wow. Okay. That's that's that's that's what Santa doc wants that for Christmas in February. Then we get all the Jalen Johnson. We get all the Trae Young. We get all the onyeka. It can't move who by the way has been a second round value over the last week over the last 2 weeks with Clint Cabello out with his injury. Like, it's on Yekha at con at Kongo Time. That's the guy that people should be running to pick up off the waiver wire. Neil p is asking, what does the, trade that just came down, Olinic and Ogbodji going to Toronto, what does it mean for Kessler? Here's the thing, Neil p, I don't know because Will Hardy is the head coach of the Utah Jazz, and Will Hardy has been, in my opinion, a weirdo, I'll phrase it that way, for not starting Walker Kessler all year. I mean, literally, Fantacchio is in the starting 5 over has been, at their last game. I'm looking at their box against OKC the other night, with Kessler coming off the bench playing 21 minutes. 21 minutes for Walker Kessler. This guy should be up there with Wimby and Shep for shot blocking. Okay? So I think his rotation has been garbage. What can I tell you? So does this mean that, you know, an olinic is out, and so yeah. Maybe it does mean that Will Hardy has to stop shaming Kessler and put him into the starting 5, but, it seems like they really like the the Markkanen Collins. Now we're going with the shooter there. So maybe Clarkson enters the starting lineup, maybe Keontae Jordan. I don't know. I don't know. It's Will Hardy. It's got one of the weirdest rotations in the league. I do think it's potentially good news for Walker Kessler, though. Dude, I got a I got a question from a a reader, and it said, hey, doc. Can you help explain to me why Walker Kessler has played fewer than 20 minutes in 4 straight games? I pulled up his game log. It was 19, 17, 16, 19 minutes. Four games in a row. This was last week. What in the hell are they doing? I don't even care tank or no tank, Utah or Bedrock. I don't care where you are, what world you're in, what universe, whether it's Hanna Barbera or the NBA. How are you not playing Walker Kessler more than 18 minutes again. What is going on? Look, doc. It doesn't make sense, man, especially after the year that he had last year. I mean, this guy, he is there's all the shots that he blocks, and then there's all the other shots that he alters. Right? And he's such a presence in there. Some dudes just don't even drive. They'll they'll pull up for a floater or pull up for a a mid range jumper. Right? They don't even wanna go all the way into the teeth of Walker Kessler. They know they're gonna get, eat up. And then we've got Pedro, Marquez here. He says, I'd say this opens up a few minutes for Taylor Hendrix. Maybe maybe, but again, it's your boy, Will Hardy, out there. So it it's a very unpredictable rotation. That you know, Tom Thibodeau, doc, is so easy to read with this rotation. Right? He literally puts his cards out on the table. There you go. There's no analysis needed here. No reading between the lines. So are are you, are you feeling Taylor Hendrix here? I I liked him, when I was, scouting him in the pre draft process. He he's a player, man. He can block shots. He can make shots. He's a good player. He's a good prospect. Do you think he's gonna be green lit here? No. Doc, any closing words, before we get out of here in bid adieu, to our great audience here on our trade deadline day. And we appreciate you all moving your time here with us, to 10 o'clock instead of 11 o'clock EST. Let's do this real quick. Let's let's hit a super quick hits. Would you trade Franz Wagner for Brandon Miller? Brandon Miller's season, dude. The only guy playing in Charlotte, and I love it, man. Like, I said on on this very podcast, like, 2 or 3 weeks ago, I'm like, go get Brandon Miller. He's gonna roll the rest of season. I think you were like, yes. Absolutely. Would you do Franz for B Mill? I would. Oh, yeah. Vetoed. Oh. Oh. Here's the, what talk about the vetoed thing. What what is how does that register with you? I saw that too. That that, that looked pretty uncool. Nothing pisses me off more than having a trade vetoed. By the league or by, by the Yahoo free league is what he's saying here. Anyone who tells me you can't do that, even though you spent 3 hours and bought this clown beers to make this deal happen. You put your heart and your soul into it. You you blew off work for 3 hours one day, and we're just, like, talking to the guy about his family. And, you know, tell me about your primary school days. Like, what was 5th grade like for you? Like, you're out there trying to work a deal, man. And somebody's like, oh, you can't do that because Franz Wagner shoots this percentage from the credit line, and Brandon Miller shoots this percentage. So it's not a fair trade. Who's to judge what a fair trade is and what's not? I hate vetoes. The only time a veto should be thrown is if it's obvious collusion. Then, dude, I feel like you you and I are in agreement with this. You just literally explained a situation of collusion where you're sitting down and you're cajoling the owner, and you're buying them beers, and you're letting cry out your shoulder. That's literally just That's not collusion. Collusion is his Collusion. Collusion is combining your teams together to make a super team. Collusion is, hey, dude, I'm gonna give you Benedict Matherin for nothing so that you can win. That is collusion. Me I agree. You giving me Benedicte Mathren because you're a dumbass is me being a good fantasy owner who's smarter than you. Totally different things. Do not throw the collusion word around unless you mean it. So, you are cracking me up today, dude. Guys, our boy, Steve Alexander, is legit on one today. Okay. So I wanted to, make one more point here on this Franz Wagner and, Brandon Totally. Dot. One of the fairest trades I've ever seen. If any idiot vetoes that trade, they're kicked out of my league or I'm quitting. 1 or the other. I'm out. Yeah. Kinda like me quitting that league when they told me I couldn't have wendy and they changed the rules mid season. Yeah. I had to get out of that league. You were like, goodbye. See you. You're you're gonna screw me out of Wembley, well, screw you, was my take on that. That's what I would do if my if this trade got vetoed in my league. Yeah. I I I take my ball and go home. I'm I'm not I'm I'm a whimsical mistress that way. If you wrong me, I'm not gonna hang around to be wronged 2 times. But I would rather have Brandon Miller for the stretch run than, than Franz Wagner. Franz Wagner is a stud, but he's not a fantasy gold guy. He's a slasher. Okay? He goes 26 and 4. That's the good part. The PRA for Franz Wagner. 1.1 steals, 1.6 threes. Brandon Miller has been way better in the fantasy gold department, so I would rather have Brandon Miller for the stretch run. In a dynasty league, who would I rather have? I'd probably rather have Brandon Miller, doc. I would. He's the guy. I mean, him and LaMelo Ball are the guys. Kinda like Jaylen Johnson and Trae Young in Atlanta. Like, they're gonna build around this dude. They may trade Miles Bridges today. They might trade PJ Washington today. They might trade Gordon Hayward today. Okay? So Brandon Miller is good to go. Alright. I have one last comment about trade vetoes. Like, collusion is 2 guys getting together and scheming to dupe the league. You taking your buddy out for a beer and talking him into doing a stupid trade is called savvy management. There's totally a difference. Being a good salesman and making a trade in fantasy is I mean, that's that's being a good salesman. That's being a good owner. And these leagues where every trade is is analyzed and micro analyzed and vetoed because it's not perfectly fair. It drives me nuts, dude. And it makes me not wanna even trade. I don't even really mess with trades anymore because I've had so many vetoed over the years and I don't have time for it. But, I will never veto a trade unless it's obviously something shady is going on. I hear you, man. I hear you. Guys, it's trade deadline day. Your boy Cam needs to bolt, and, we really appreciate you guys being out here. Yes. Steven Alexander with, Steven. What the hell? Steve Alexander with Deion Sanders. Put that up one more time for the people to see. Look at it. Look at this picture. Let's see. That's badass right there. Look at that. I found that in a drawer last night. That who's on the left there? I can't identify that. That is Clark Kellogg. That is Clark Kellogg. How about that? Doctor j, it's a little, you know, 3 by 5 photograph that I have, and it's signed by both of them. And that it's one of my favorite things. And it was That's for well, it then if it's one of your favorite things, how did it get left in a drawer for the last 17 years? Found it in a drawer. There's some Dominique. Look at this, your boy, your boy, Zeke. You're a Zeke guy, right? Not anymore. I gotta go. Are you out on Zeke? Bro, you're killing me, man. Look at this last one. Last one. A little Zeke and Zeke and Landon Turner, brother. Look at that. There's no way. Look at that. That is You're taking us down. Photo album boulevard right now. You are the biggest trip of all time. The Williams. Biggest trip. Alright. Williams. We're out of here. We this has been the award winning rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast sponsored by underdog and FanDuel. Rick Campbell's gotta go, handle trade deadline day. Me and my buddy, Scotty, are driving to Athens, Georgia. We might have a big event happening later in Athens tonight. There's there's a band covering some REM songs at the porta walk club, and I've heard that big things could be happening. So I'm gonna hit the road. Rick's already gone. Thanks for watching. I'll be back on Tuesday. Oh, my special guest on Tuesday is pavements. Bob nastanovich. We'll see you then at 11. Peace out.