Hey, everybody. It's Steve Alexander here at the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. It's Tuesday, April 9th. I'm doctor a. He's Kyrian Specker. I'm going to a Hawks game tonight supposedly. God willing, and the creek don't rise. And we got fantasy championships, injury news, and an incredibly busy Tuesday night to talk about when we come back. Jaren, we did it. We made it through to the final week of the NBA regular season. We did it, and now we just gotta make it through one last week of crazy long injury reports. Well, I my leagues are all done. They all wrapped up. I got the big the big dub in, 30 deep, which I'm super psyched about. And, did you get any did you get any wins? I didn't get any wins. I'm battling for a 3rd place, that it's a 4 week long championship, type deal. So the last week of that, probably not gonna get 3rd place. And then, I secured like, we have a steak league, so there's 16 teams, and then the bottom 8 have to pay for the top 8 at for a steak dinner. So I'm in the eaters in that section, so I I saved myself couple $100, with that. So that that was a big win for me even though I didn't take home any money. I get a free stake. That definitely counts. Anytime you get a free stake, from playing fantasy sports, it counts as a win. So so we had the national championship game last night. I'm at from Indiana. All my Purdue people were at the game. I was feeling Purdue. I was kind of thought Zach Zach, he was gonna kinda run over them. He did, but nobody else could do anything. UConn had the perfect game plan. Turned out to be kind of a ho boring game. But how weird was it to not have to worry about one single NBA thing yesterday? Like, that was that was wild. Yeah. Absolutely crazy. I and especially like, there's so many teams that are playing back to backs. The grizzlies played a back to back last week, and then their next game is a back like, a back to back this week, and then there's no games on Monday. It seems like odd scheduling. You know, there was a free slate of NBA so that we could all tune in to the college championship, and I tuned in for about 5 minutes in the second half. And I was like, alright. Well, this is over. So Yeah. I the the only real, like, thing that I noticed from that game was Purdue only had 1 player that had an assist. That seems crazy to me. Like, you get if you're playing Yukon must have had some sort of defensive scheme and obviously, Cling is a beast down low, but that only one player in assist in the champ he had 8 assists, of course, but, like, that's still crazy to me for a championship level game. Yeah. They they game planned really well for Purdue. So, alright. Let let's hit some some injury highlights real quick, some news from yesterday. Trae Young of the hawks has been cleared for contact after his finger surgery. So, it looks like we're gonna see Trae at some point this week. Will that be tonight? I doubt it, but, I mean, anything is possible at this point. Giannis is iffy for Tuesday against the Celtics. Karl Anthony Towns scrimmaged on Sunday. He's gonna play at some point this week for the wolves. And Anthony Davis, after getting his eye raked over again, on Sunday, Sounds like he's gonna play tonight, despite the discomfort. Yep. Absolutely. I think, Trae Young and Kat have both been ruled out for tonight, barring you know, we saw Joel Embiid be ruled out for all all the way up until tip-off, and then he got cleared for his big return. So barring a situation like that, Trey and Kat will both be out tonight. But I do expect them to play at some point later this week. The hawks, you know, they're kinda just chilling in that playing spot, playing pretty decently. They've lost back to back games, but, you know, J'jontay Murray's, like, kept them alive. So it's gonna be interesting to see how much Trae Young plays when he does return and how big of an impact he'll have. The Cat news is fantastic for the Timberwolves and Timberwolves fans. Nas Reed has been playing really well in his in Cat's absence, but Cat brings just another level to that team. Another offensive threat, another defensive threat. He's not great on the perimeter, but still, like, that team is better with Kat, and they're gonna be a force in the playoffs with him healthy. Giannis and AD should be fine. We are a little bit concerned about Kawhi Leonard, though. Right? He's missing another game tonight. We haven't really had a substance in, like, update on, like, how he's feeling. That'll be 5 straight absences. And for a guy like Kawhi, 5 straight after a health healthy season up to this point ahead of the playoffs is a little concerning. Yeah. It is highly concerning on Kawhi Leonard. I mean, we're talking about 5 games in a row, and a knee and man, he he he was such a good soldier this year. And I I I was, like, coming back around, like, man, maybe I'll draft Kawhi Leonard again next year. And, and now I'm kinda feeling like, man, if I if I would've gone through that whole 30 deep season and he was my anchor and then he checks out for the last 5 games, man, I'd I'd be crushed right now. I I'd be devastated. So I I don't know, man. And then a couple other things we didn't have written down that we talked about, Jacob Pirtle out for the year for the Raptors. Scottie Barnes done for the season for the Raptors. Yeah. This Kawhi thing, man, that's I I don't like it. I don't like anything about it. No. It it was nice to see Paul George turn back to his Indiana Paul George days, the other day, but the Clippers without Kawhi are not gonna be a force in the west. They're not and and Phoenix is struggling again. Like Yeah. I mean, I don't know. The west is the west is weird. But everything's kinda locked into shape now. Right? Like, let's take a quick look at the standings because I have not done that recently. I know Boston Austin has, like, a 15 game lead on Milwaukee. Right? Like, that that's insane. But the rest of the east is the the bucks have just fallen apart and kind of let a couple teams have a chance here at the 2 seed. Between the 2 seed and the 7th seed are separated by 3 and a half games. That seems crazy. The 2 seed and the 8 seed are separated by 4 games, so there could be a lot of shuffling here over the last week. The freaking Orlando Magic are one game behind the box. Like, you know, that is nuts. The the mismatches that Franz and Paolo provide the magic are just awesome. I would like trying to game plan against Paolo for the playoffs, it's gonna be tough. I think he has he needs to take a couple steps still, but, like, the way that he's dominating games, like, it's LeBron esque. I don't wanna say he's LeBron yet, but his post up game, his facilitating this year, he's taking all of the next steps to be a a superstar in a couple years. And, you know, they're about to be a 2 seed. They make some hay now. It could be he could be turning that corner in the next during this playoffs for sure. And then, you know, the Knicks got OG back. They're they're gonna be fine. You know, Julius got ruled out for the season, but OG and Mitchell Robinson are back. So the Knicks defense is gonna be tough. The Cavs with Donovan Mitchell, I'm still not sold that Mitchell is a 100%, and if he's not a 100%, I don't know how I feel. And then the sixers with Embiid and the Heat are at the bottom of the standings, and those are 2 super dangerous teams. If I was the Bucks and I'm reeling and I just lost to the Wizards, and now I gotta play the 1st round matchup is against the Sixers or the Heat, that's really tough. That's really tough for the for the Bucks. Did did you know the Bucks? The Bucks have 4 games left, and the Magic have 4 games left. And they play each other in 2 of those games. Like, Orlando is at Milwaukee on Wednesday, Orlando finishes at home against Milwaukee on Sunday. So if they win both of those games, if Orlando happens to win both of those games, it's probably done. They're probably gonna pass them. This is incredible. I I don't I'm I'm this is, the Orlando match. But the bad news is, I know we're gonna get this in a second, but they they lost France. He got hurt on Sunday sprained his ankle, and now he's kinda iffy for the whole week. And they're gonna need Franz Wagner to play if they're gonna beat the Bucks 2 times, but that's pretty exciting, man. I love I love when these head to head matchups that have playoff indications implications actually end up happening, and, you know, it just makes it makes the pre playoff run so much more fun. So Yeah. With the 82 game season, it doesn't always work out like that. Like but but in the NFL, you feel like always week 16, week 17, you're seeing these huge playoff implication matchups. So it's good to see in the NBA with that Make that last week interesting. Then you still have in the west, you saw Minnesota, Denver, and Oklahoma City all kind of battling for who's number 1. You've got the Mavericks who have gone 9 and 1 over the last 10. Red hot. Red hot. On fire. Kyrie and there's pictures on Twitter of Kyrie and Luca, like best buddies, brothers. And, you know, Dallas made a nice little run. They passed the Pelicans. They won their division. They are the number they're gonna be the number 5 seed in the West. All that might be enough to get Luke in MVP. I don't know. I doubt it. I doubt that they're gonna give it to anybody but Jokic, but I don't know. I I think Luka and the Mavericks finishing 5th at least puts him in the conversation. And Luka shot, like, 79% from the free throw line this year. If you had done that back in the day when Matt Straub and I were betting a jersey every single year, I would have a closet full of jerseys. Yeah. It's it's great to see him get better at the free throw line, you know, especially for fantasy purposes. He's a great shooter by all. Like, he can knock it down from deep, so I don't really know what what goes on when he gets to the free throw line, and he gets there often enough that if he increases from 69% to 79%, that's a lot more points per game for sure. Yep. And he did it. He did it. And you you said if the Mavericks are the 5th seed, they theoretically could pass the Clippers. They're they're 2 games back, but like we said, Kawhi is out, so who knows if the how many games the Clippers are gonna win in this next series. Long shot, but they there's a possibility for them to jump to the 4 c. That's true. Alright. So let's just preview this crazy 14 game slate. I think all of 28 out of 30 teams are playing tonight. I think it's 14 games. Yep. Detroit's Philly, Chamizy Mitu, who I picked up for my 30 team final week if I had to play this week, but I don't, thankfully. But, Mitu was gonna be in my starting lineup this week if we had to play it out. So he is starting for Detroit. Meanwhile, Tyrese Maxey, Kyle Lowry, Tobias Harrison, Joel Embiid are all literally game time calls for the sixers, and Kelly Oubre does not have a big red cross by his name. He should be a strong play tonight, I would think. Yeah. Absolutely. Looking at FanDuel and DraftKings, neither of those sites have player props for any players other than Embiid and Cade Cunningham, and both of those guys are questionable for today. So I would stay away from placing any single bets down. Obviously, we like we said, most fantasy seasons are already over, so if you're looking for action, you can go to those sites or price picks or something. But, it's kinda surprising that those are the only 2 available. There are a ton of question marks for Philly. 5 guys questionable, Maxey, Lowry, Harris, Embiid, and Melton. I would expect a couple of them to play, but I'm I'm staying away on any, player props for that game. The over under is 15a half or up over under. The spread for Philly is 15a half. The over under is at 2 23. This is one of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 5 games 6 games that have a double digit spread tonight. So that just kinda shows you where the league is at right now. There's gonna be a lot of blowouts, tonight. I think there there's a couple games on the slate that are gonna be entertaining for, for a viewership, as opposed to, like, you know, having fantasy implications or betting on it. This is one of those games. Detroit is a mess. Philly is kinda trying to figure it out, but they're not gonna risk anything now with Embiid coming back. I I'm probably rolling with Philly to cover this. Detroit, that 15 and a half points is a lot of points, but if it if it half of their starters are playing, I I like Philly to cover against Detroit tonight. Cade Cunningham has been one of my he was I was really high on him coming into this Fantasy season. I drafted him in multiple leagues. I think I had him in half of my leagues. I was a little disappointed at times with it, like, his shot selection and watching those games and just being, like, the Pistons are terrible. And, like, I like Cunningham's style and he gets stats, but the way that he gets stats, it it's kind of, like, you know, fluff stats and blowout games. I'm really hoping that he he becomes a guy in the next couple years, but I I don't think and it it was great to see him, like, play a full season after being injured all year, but I I I wanted more from Kade this season. It was nice to see, like, Jaden Ivy step up, but, you know, they're it's gonna be like you said, Metu is coming through. Like, there's a bunch of, like, no name guys that are are making hay for Detroit this week. Yeah. I I don't I can't make my mind up about Cade Cunningham. I I I I tend to try to ignore the hype and the the people that the naysayers that are like, oh, his game doesn't really translate to fantasy that well, and think that he's gonna be awesome. But then, like you just said, you watch him play, and it's like, okay. Well, it's his game is kinda detrimental to Fantasy. It doesn't match up that well, but he's also real young and has a lot of time to figure it out and still puts up big numbers. So I'm I'm cool with Kade. I'm not I'm not reaching. Kade is not a guy I will ever reach for. I yeah. I I I reach for him a lot this this year. And, like, a lot of assists, a lot of points, a lot of threes at times, good free throw shooter, not many defensive stats, poor field goal percentage. So, obviously, he a lot better in a points league than a category league. Yeah. Okay. So on to Indy and Toronto, Indy is healthy. TJ McConnell has been very good. I think, if I build a FanDuel lineup tonight, it's gonna probably have Chamizi Me too in it. It's gonna have TJ McConnell in it. Kelly O'Lennick should be good for Toronto again. Emmanuel Quickley is out, Meaning, Grady Dick and Gary Trent are both probably going to play and and put up numbers tonight. Trent's good to go. Dick Dick has got some sort of injury problem. He's questionable, but, anything stand out with Indy and Toronto for you, Kieran? Yeah. So RotoWire has been trying to promote all this price picks tool that we've been using. So what it does is it takes the numbers on price picks, and then it compares it to what sportsbooks are offering, what RotoWire projections are offering, how often that prop would hit, and normally, just a bunch of cool analytic tools to look at. Check it out, rotawire.com/picks. So for this game, I was looking at that tool and it had Kelly O'Glinnick on prizepix. His number is at 13.5 points. Right? And then you go to FanDuel or DraftKings, that number goes up to 14 and a half. So if you wanna play prize picks tonight, Kelly Ullinick more than 13.5 points. He scored at least 13 and 6 of his last 8, and he's averaging 15 points during. That said, like like you said, Quigley's out. There's gonna be more shots available. I like Kelly O'Nix, points total today, 13a half. It's this is another double digit spread game. India has still trying to kinda, like, figure it out. They they look good at times. TJ McConnell has been playing really well, but I I don't really like any anything else in this game. I like Trent to get up a bunch of shots. Barrett has been put RJ Barrett has been playing really well since coming back from his personal absence. He looks really, comfortable in Toronto. I'm not quite sure that I'm willing to put my money where my mouth is with RJ Barrett. I'm much more comfortable rolling with Olenek. I feel like he's a safer option tonight. Well said. My Dallas Mavericks against your Charlotte Hornets. Oh my goodness. That's gonna be tough. That's gonna be tough to watch. Dallas is pretty healthy, right now on the on the, health watch. Like, Derek Lively is out. Gafford and Grant Williams are both, ready to go. They should be good. Luca and Kyrie should be good to go. Maybe just for a half, maybe just for a quarter, whatever it takes to to win this game. It's not gonna take long. I'd see Luca having one of those 25 and 5 or 3 pointer 1st quarters tonight. And then Daniel is it no. I can't remember your guys' first name. But Mejic, the point guard for Vasili for the Hornet, should be playing tonight and should be ready to go. So I I like Meejic, and I like Grant Williams in this game. Yeah. Absolutely. Grant Williams, Nick Richards came back for the last game against OKC. But since OKC obviously has Chet at center, they rolled with Grant Williams again in the starting lineup. I think Williams just gives Charlotte a little more offensive firepower, and they desperately need it. So I I like going with Williams, but I'm taking Mitchel, today on prize picks. Like I said, I'm I I use the tool again. His points, rebounds, and assists total is set at 21a half. That is the same on FanDuel and DraftKings, but if you go on those sites, you get it at minus 125, so there's a lot better value of on this number on price picks. Mitchez has surpassed 21.5 points, rebounds, and assists in 5 of his last 6, and he's averaging 12 and a half points, 10 assists, and 2.7 rebounds during that stretch. I think there's a lot of really good value there. And I I this is another another surprise, surprise, another double digit spread today. And like you said, I wouldn't be surprised if Dallas blows them out in the first half, but I'm not really concerned about Charlotte pulling guys like Neatridge or Grant Williams in this game. This is also a little bit of a rent revenge game for Grant Williams. Obviously, Williams started the season with Dallas, and there was a lot of chatter online, a lot of rumors about how he rubbed people the wrong way there. So there might be a little bit of a revenge game going on for Grant Williams against Dallas tonight. Yeah. And I think that's that's definitely valid because the way he went out in Dallas was not cool. And yeah. And he's playing well, and he's probably gonna wanna he's probably gonna wanna wrap him up a little bit. So I think legit. The Miami hawks are or the Miami heat are at the Atlanta hawks. I am going to that game with my sometimes road to world fancy basketball podcast, Bob Nastanovich, to the band Pavement. We are rolling down there together, taking my daughter to the Hawks game. She's bugging me to go for a couple years. So we're we're we're doing it. We're going in. Terry Rozier is iffy with a neck injury. Bam is probable. The Hawks will not have Trae Young as we established, the rest of their lineup. Looks like it should be should be good to go. What what's you got here, Gary? So, yeah, like you said, Trae Young's not playing. This is actually only a 4 point spread. Miami's only favored by 4, so this should be a a good game. I think you you you said Terry Rozier had the neck issue, on Sunday. He was not list he was good to go, and then he was a late addition to the injury report with some neck stiffness, which was never a good sign. I was fully expecting him not to play. And then he got cleared to play, and I was like, oh, well, maybe it's not that bad. And then he put out the biggest duds of of all duds, scored 4 points, played only, like, 20 minutes, and then after the game said I probably shouldn't be playing. That kind of leads me to believe that he won't be playing tonight, which sucks, for the heat. But they got Hero back, so I think, you know, the backcourt of, Hero and Robinson will be fine and mitigate Rozier's loss. For the prizepix tool, the the theme of today's show, I'm rolling with Jalen Johnson on prize picks. His points total is set at 16 and a half points. FanDuel and DraftKings have that at 17 and a half points, so you get an extra point on the prize picks tool. He had a dud last week again in Dallas, scored in single digits, but his other two starts since returning from injury, he scored 28 points and 17 points. I know Miami has a good defensive front court and all that, but Jalen Johnson is a stud. He's from Wisconsin. I'm from Wisconsin, so I'm known with the hometown boy, Jalen Johnson, against the heat tonight. It's more than 16 and a half points. It's nice to see that the Hawks lineup looks normal. It's it doesn't have creachy and, a bunch of no names in it, like it easily could at this time of year. They they are they've got a play in tournament they gotta go win. They've they gotta win some games. They're getting ready to welcome Trey back. I'm sure that part of them thinks, hey. You know what? If we get hot at the right time, you never know what can happen. And it's been such a dismal season for them and, coach Quinn is not really fit in the way everybody hoped he would. And, I think them making a run-in this in this play in tournament and maybe getting into the playoffs and and getting some more postseason experience would actually, be good for that team. So we'll see what happens. Next on the docket is the Celtics and the Bucks. Is that correct? Yeah. It looks like that. Porzingis, probably gonna get the night off. That's the thing, man. These Celtics. I I don't know how people are like, well, I still don't think they're gonna win the east. I mean, they just run over the east. They can do whatever they want. They can hold Horford out. They can hold Porzingis out. They can sit Tatum. They can sit whoever they want because it doesn't matter. Everybody's gonna be healthy coming into the the postseason there. The Bucks, it sounds like Khris Middleton is probable. Giannis, little iffy for tonight. And I I don't know that Milwaukee can afford to not play Giannis, but, yeah, I don't know. What do you think? Yeah. I I feel like Giannis is gonna play tonight. With the Bucks' recent struggles, this really feels like a a game where a team that has probably been like, we're only thinking about the playoffs. Right? You fired Budenholzer be the he had won a bunch of regular season games. Right? Like, that is that is what he does. He wins regular season games. His team struggle in the playoffs. You fire Boonton Holzer because you wanna have better success in the playoffs. And now you're all upset that you aren't playing as well during the regular season, and it's like, well, wasn't the whole point of the off season to prepare yourself for the postseason and get these guys? Obviously, there's no better way to prepare for the postseason than winning in the regular season. But I do feel like you look at teams like the Lakers last year and these veteran teams, the warriors couple years ago when they made the run to the finals against the Celtics, like, they're these veteran teams with these superstars can turn it on. I know that that phrase is kind of, like, looked at in a negative light, but in the NBA, these superstar teams can turn it on. The Bucks need to turn it on, and I feel like this is the moment where Giannis is like, I'm playing tonight. Dame has a good game. The Celtics may be resting Porzingis and Horford. So, you know, they got a little bit of a light front court that the Bucks can take advantage of. I kinda like rolling with Bucks' money line tonight. They're it's kind of a a wild card play, just a shot in the dark, but they need to turn around, and what better way to get, like, to psych yourself up to be like, alright. We're back after a couple bad losses than beating the number one team in the league. I think this this, Celtics are only favored by 2a half tonight. I think that takes into account that the assumption that Porzingis and Horford are both going to be out. And if both those guys are are out, I really like the Bucks' front court to dominate Luke Cornett and Xavier Tillman and O'Shea Burset and type guys like that. And, obviously, that Giannis is also questionable. But even if he doesn't play, Bobby Portis and Brook Lopez are much better than the backups for the backup frontcourt players for the Celtics. So I'm I'm kinda this is kind of like my, my play of the day. I'm rolling with Bucks money line, which is plus 110 right now. I I don't really like any of the the price picks place here. I was kinda looking at a Porzingis points total. His points total is set at 16 and a half, but like I said, he's questionable, not expecting and I I don't wanna put down a bet on on somebody that's questionable. Okay. I like that. The, the play of the day, the Milwaukee Bucks against the Boston Celtics. That's that's gutsy, and, I like I like the fact that Vegas has got spread down low. That that works. It it works. And we've seen the Boston lose games they shouldn't lose, so it's not it's not crazy. The Knicks are at the Bulls. The Knicks are healthy. Jalen Brunson just keeps rolling along, mowing people down. What if Brunson was still playing with Luka? I'd like to know how that would be going right now. For the Bulls, you've got Kobe White as probable. You got Ayode Sumu as Ify and you've got, oh, shoot. Caruso, also iffy with an ankle injury. So the whole backcourt for Chicago is kinda banged up. Are you does that make you wanna roll with Kobe White tonight, or do you not trust him? Oh, no. I I I probably roll in with Kobe. I know that he's had some struggles since that that long injury absence, but and the Knicks defensive backcourt is really solid. I like Kobe in this game. Going going back, I'm from Wisconsin, but I'm actually not a Bucks fan, so there's no there's no bias in that Bucks pick. But I did I did have a couple buddies texting me, like, if Giannis can just can beat the Knicks, does, does he get back in the MVP conversation? And then Brunson drops 40 on their head. And it's like, well, does Brunson deserve to be in the MVP conversation now? Because if you only played the Bucks and played against Damian Lillard every game, Brunson should be the MVP. He's averaging, like, 38 points a game against the Bucks this year. So that that Jalen Brunson, fantastic player. I don't I don't think he'll get any MVP votes, but he, more than has exceeded expectations this year. And, I I feel like forever we're gonna talk about what would have happened if he would have stayed with Dallas, but I don't I don't think you would have seen this type of ascension. I think he he learned he learned those pivot moves. He got all of that stuff going, with the by playing with Luca and all of that stuff, and then he really had to be on his own to to flourish. And then now there's, you know, the talking heads on ESPN are always talking about, oh, let's go get superstars for New York. Let's go get, you know, let's go get Donovan Mitchell. Let's go get Mikael Bridges probably isn't a superstar type player, but I think he would actually be a good fit. But this team really for me is is Brunson, Robinson, and that, like, defensive front court, Divincinzo, OG Anunoby. Like, I think they went out and, like, they they did the moves. They got o OG. So I think they the Knicks don't need to get a superstar. For tonight, I think, you know, I'm just rolling with the Knicks to cover. They're only favored by 4 and a half points. Pretty healthy squad tonight. Like you said, there's a couple injuries to monitor for the Bulls. I think the Knicks are just a much better team. I think that number is too low, so I'm rolling with Knicks minus 4a half against the Bulls tonight. Man, if OG and Julius Randle wouldn't have gotten hurt, I think the Knicks would be really fun to to watch in these playoffs. So it's it's I'm pretty sad that they're not not gonna be a full strength. Orlando Magic at Houston Rockets. Houston finally gave up the fight. They did not catch the, Golden State Warriors. I think we're all hoping they would. Franz Wagner injures ankle on Sunday. He's hurt. Are are we are we gonna get a Joe Ingles signing tonight if he's out? And, Houston actually is still rolling along. Everybody looks healthy. I expect Jalen Green and and the guys to go off again. Yeah. I was on the pod yesterday with, Nick Whalen. Alex Bruta was off, and we were he he was kinda questioning, like, are is Houston gonna arrest some of these guys in the stretch run? And we kinda came to the conclusion that they're built backwards. Right? You know, normally, you have your veteran starters, and then you got some young guys willing to to contribute off the bench. But this their starting lineup is a bunch of youngsters, aside from, Fred VanVleet, and then their bench is a bunch of veterans. So I don't really see Jalen Green or Eamon Thompson or Cam Whitmore or Jabari Smith or any of those guys while taking a seat. So I expect the Rockets to play pretty well, over the final stretch and continue, to build off of whatever they've built in the last couple weeks. A fantastic stretch for a young team that they can look back at in the off season and be like, if we play like that for a full 82, we can be a playoff team for sure. So that's exciting. I think they're gonna wanna continue that over the final week. With that said, even if Franz doesn't play tonight, I rolling with the hot hand, Orlando's only a 3 point favorite right now, and we're talking about a 3 point favorite. I know they're playing on the road, but they're they're fighting they're the almost the number 2 seed. They're the number 3 seed in the east against the 11th seed in the west, and they're only 3 point favorites. I don't think that's enough points, even if Franz doesn't play. I know I'm not psyched about a lot of Joe Ingle minutes, but I know they can also go to Maritz Wagner, his Franz's brother off the bench. They can go to Jonathan Isaac. I really like, the way that Jamal Mosley manipulates, those bench minutes, when when guys are out. So I I think Franz will be fine for the for the playoffs. I do think he might miss a couple games over the final week. And even if he misses tonight, I still like Orlando minus 3 against Houston. Yeah. And if if France is out tonight, Bankero is going to be locked into all my FanDuel lineups hard because he's gonna have to do all the heavy lifting himself. So Definitely. Okay. Washington, Minnesota. We have got Kyle Kuzma, Iffy with an ankle, Jordan Poole, Kispert, and Denny Abdija kinda all balling out right now. Like, I think Jordan Poole finally cleared his mind and is just playing basketball again and finally looks good. Kisford's scoring points. Hadija's Hadija's Hadija's Hadija's Hadija's Hadija's Hadija's Had A Great Year in My Opinion, Man. Like, I I maybe not a great year. He's not like an all star. He's not a fantasy all star, but he's just a solid fantasy player. Relatively low in the rankings, but, you know, anytime I get a 31 and 12 out of a guy like that, I'm just psyched about it. Minnesota starters are all healthy, including Naz Reed. We're still waiting for the return of Kat. What you got going on with Washington, Minnesota? Yeah. I I think you Aveda, I think he's a star in his role. Right? Like, you look at the overall season stats and you're like, well, this isn't a star player by any means, but he has been a star on certain nights, and he is certainly capable, and he's taken a huge leap this forward. I'm I'm really encouraged to see that. Obviously You're talking about Denny. Right? Denny? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And and, obviously, it's for a a team that's not really playing well, so we'll see how that translates to, like, actually winning games, but super encouraged by that. I I hope Poole plays in the league for a long time. He's he's an entertaining player and character. Obviously, for him to do that, he needs to be productive, and I think he can be. That said, this is another double digit spread. Minnesota's favored by 16 and a half points. Washington has 5 guys that are questionable, kinda staying away from a lot of bets on this game. I do like, Rudy Gobert's points total on price picks. I know that kinda sounds like a weird phrase. Rudy is not known for scoring. Right? His points total on price picks is set at 14a half. All of the sportsbooks have it at 14a half, but the odds are at minus 125, so you get a lot better odds on price picks. Gobert has actually scored in double figures in 7 of his last 8 games. So, like, he's he's getting buckets. There there's opportunities for dumps offs from Ant and Mike Conley and whatever. But the biggest reason why I'm doing this is because Washington has no centers. Marvin Begley has already been ruled out. Tristan Bushevich, who's been playing pretty well, is questionable. Reshawn Holmes is also questionable. Kyle Kuzma, who plays some small ball 5 at times for them, is also questionable. So even if these guys do suit up, they're a little banged up. And even if they were at full strength, I don't they're have they're not really good matchups against Rudy Gobert. So it's a little bit of an odd one, but I'm known with Rudy's points total 14a half tonight against, Washington. No center wizards. No center wizards. Yeah. They don't have Danny Gafford there anymore, do they? They don't have anybody. Reshaun Holmes almost tried to cost me 30 d, but I didn't let him do it. Sacramento at Oklahoma City, Keegan Murray, if he was a calf injury, Jalen Williams, if he was an ankle injury, he's missed 4 straight games. I feel like Jalen is is gonna roll out there and play, and, Shay Gil's Alexander should be good to go as well. I feel like we're about to get the Oklahoma City thunder back at full strength. Yeah. Absolutely. I sure hope so, and this would be a fantastic time to do so because this is a a playoff matchup right here. This could be a 1st round playoff matchup, kind of getting an early preview. There's so many big double digit spreads tonight, and this is actually gonna be one of those competitive games that I'm I'm gonna be tuning into for sure. While SGA is fully cleared, he's not on the injury report at all. He's making his return, following a a multiple game absence. I think he's missed he missed 4 straight and 6 of the last 7. The one time he did play, he did play 35 minutes during that stretch, but he scored only 19 points. And given that, I don't think he's really gonna be limited today. Like, I don't think he's gonna play 25 minutes or 27 minutes. I think he will get a full allotment of minutes, but I don't know if he's gonna be as aggressive. Right now, Prize Picks has SGA's points total set at 28 and a half. Seems like a pretty high number for a guy that has played only one game in the last 2 weeks. So I'm gonna be rolling with the under on that, less than 28.5 points. Sportsbooks have SGA's total at 28a half, but the odds again are minus 125, so you get better odds on prize picks. That and that said, like, I don't think I'm not expecting him to be super rusty or anything. I just don't think that he's gonna be super aggressive. De'Aaron Fox is a great defender. SGA Fox, Sabonis, Chet, like, hopefully, Jalen Williams plays. This is this is probably right behind Bucks, Celtics for, like, must watch games tonight. Right? Like, those are the 2 games that I'm definitely tuning into. Probably throwing in the warriors and lakers, but we'll get to that in a little bit for sure. Yeah. And De'Aaron Fox was another cog, another key cog on my my 30 d team. De'Aaron Fox, Kobe White, shout out to them. Austin Reeves, Victor Wimbanyama, of course. And so, yeah, I'm I'm probably I like Fox, to try to go off against the Thunder tonight, so I could I could see him being in my FanDuel lineup as well. Gary, I think we're here to the annual silly season special. The San Antonio Spurs are taking on the Memphis Grizzlies tonight. If you look at the lineup sheets for this game and you look at Memphis, you will see, like, 12 guys with red crosses next to their name, and then you will see 5 names of people you've hardly ever heard of, that are in their starting lineup. And it's pretty funny. Just going over some of these names. Trey Jones, Malachi Branham, Julian Champagne, Sandro Mamukkalashvili, Victor Womanyawa, Scottie Pippen junior, Jordan Goodwin, Gigi Jackson, Malcina, Pereira, and Trey Jamieson. Like, that is your starting ten tonight, and it's just it is fabulous. You to look at the Memphis injury report, you gotta have the eclipse glasses on. You gotta have something you gotta have something to protect yourself. It it is a mess. I I I got no other analysis aside from that. You know, the only reason why you're tuning into this game is to get one more look at Victor Wemenayama before the the regular season is finished. They're they're expecting it to be a pretty competitive game. Spurs are only favored by 4 and a half points. The over under is set at 215 and a half, which is tied for the lowest on the board. I'm I'm probably staying away from this one. If I if I catch any of it, I'm probably just cheering for Victor to make a couple threes or have a fun block or something. But like you said, this is silly season in full effect. Happy to see some of the these guys get an opportunity. You know, Victor verse g Victor versus Gigi Jackson should probably have some highlight worthy plays today, but not much going on in this one for sure. Dude, if they let if they let Victor Womanyama go out there and just play in this game, like, this could be one of those historic nights because he's going to be by far the best player on that court. And, you know, I I from my personal standpoint. I'm glad I don't need to worry about whether when he's going to play or not because it was incredible to see that that team I had him on and all the teams I had him on. Like, if he played, I won. If he's took took one game off a week, I usually lost. So he it was crucial for him to be in there, but, man, he could go out there and just light a fire tonight. It could be awesome. Well, one of the biggest things with Victor for me throughout the early stages of the season when he wasn't really quite putting up the points, like, the the consistent production that we were hoping for, was he wasn't playing a full, like, 30 minutes. He was playing 28 minutes, 29 minutes. That has gone out the window, and I'm really happy to see it. Like, obviously, the Spurs aren't playing for anything, but Wenbinayama has played 30 plus minutes in 17 straight games. And like you on Sunday, for the your championship probably, he played 43 minutes against the sixers. And when a guy like that is playing 40 plus minutes, the stats are just gonna come. Like, even if he has a bad shooting night or something, he's gonna get stats just because of the way he is and the dominance that he has. 33 points, 18 rebounds, 6 assists, 7 blocks in 43 minutes. If he plays anywhere close to 40 minutes tonight, like you said, historic performance could be a coming for sure. Yeah. I think that was a double a double overtime game as well, which I was not complaining about as long as it kept him on the court and, my free throw percentage didn't drop. Tonight, we've got Denver, at Utah. All 5 Denver starters are actually on the injury report, but all of them are probable except for Aaron Gordon, who's questionable. Utah's silly season starting 5 will include Keontae George, Colin Sexton, who should go off, some dude named Bryce Sensibaugh, Taylor Hendrix, and Omer, you're 7. Yeah. I I I'm I'm pretty high on Keontae George as as a as a guy for next year, as a guy for keeper leagues. I I think he has a bright future. For sure, Bryce Sensibaugh and Taylor Hendricks and other 2 more rookies that, are carving out playing time, but I I'm I'm kinda hesitant on them projecting them for next year just because, you know, obviously, you're gonna have marketing back and Collins problem, you know, like, there'll there'll be other options in the front court. Keontae George is a really great player for next year, fantasy, and for keeper leagues. As for tonight, this is another double digit spread. Denver's favored by 15. Their money line is minus 1450. So there's there's not much money to be made on Denver tonight. So I'm probably not rolling with any of that. They have been resting a lot of their their regulars. Jamal Murray just came back from an absence. Gordon has missed a couple games. Jokic missed the game a a couple weeks ago, but he's been playing he's been a regular on the injury report. I think this is kind of just like a get right game for Denver. Blow out a a silly season team. Not not much going on. I do like, Nikola Jokic, like, to to dominate. I think you said, Collins and Walker Kessler John Collins and Walker Kessler are both out tonight. That means yard 7 is starting at center. I don't expect him to be locking down Jokic for much longer. The only thing that could stop Jokic from reaching his totals tonight is just to blow out, and he doesn't play in the Q4, which is certainly possible. Couple more games here, and then we're gonna get rid of roll out of here. We've got the Golden State Warriors. It's the Lakers. You got Wiggins. Andrew Wiggins is probable. Trace Jackson Davis, starting for the warriors, playing pretty well. I like him in FanDuel. LeBron and AD are both iffy. LeBron missed last one with an illness. AD left with an eye. But I think they're both gonna play, and these teams don't really like each other. I I I think they wanna go out and try to bang each other up here before the playoffs get going. And, it should be a it should be a fun one. This is a game I could actually sit and watch tonight, I think. Yeah. Absolutely. This is definitely a a top 3 game on the slate. Like you said, that these teams don't really like each other. Steph and, and LeBron are always kind of cordial, in the media and whatever and talking about their legacies, and and obviously, there's the Draymond Green. He he he adores LeBron based on all of the things that he says. But I I think these two teams, when they play each other, they wanna be at their best. Trace Jackson Davis has been playing really well as a starter. I I I'm expecting him to remain in the starting lineup just because of the Anthony Davis in the front court. But Jonathan Kuminga is back and healthy, and he is he might like, he came off the bench last game, so it wouldn't be surprising if he did that again even though he was a regular starter for a long time. This is a fantastic game. Like I said, you know, you got the Kings and the Thunder, and then you got the Bucks and the Celtics. This is right there up there on the slate for must watch TV. I'm probably the Lakers are 2 and a half point favorites. They've been on fire recently. They the warriors have trouble containing LeBron, so I think I'm gonna be rolling with Lakers minus 2a half against the warriors tonight. I I I do like the warriors. I just I feel like Klay has to have a big game in order for them to to be able to combat the Lakers physicalness in the front court with LeBron and Bury Hadjamura for that matter and AD. Well, anytime you have to rely on, Klay, I I don't think it's a good thing, but we had tomorrow, man. One thing I learned this year is if AD or LeBron's not playing, re is going to be the man. The Clippers are visiting the Phoenix Suns. Kawhi Leonard is out for the 5th straight game. James Harden, Paul George, Terrence Mann will all play and should do well. They all played well on Sunday. Sun's injury report is pretty clean except use of Nurkic, Nurk alert, questionable with a sprained right ankle. Yeah. If Kawhi was playing, this would be a must watch game. Without Kawhi, I I don't have much faith in the Clippers. PJ tar PJ Tucker in a starting lineup for a wannabe championship contending team in the year 2024 is not ideal. So I I I like the Suns to cover tonight. They they lost last night. They had they had been kinda picking up steam and then kinda hit the brakes again. It's kinda been the story of their entire season. They're horrible in the Q4. That's the biggest concern for the Suns going into the playoffs. But barring another p j p j PG 13, Paul George explosion, I don't think the Clippers can keep pace with the Suns when the Suns are at full strength with Booker and Beal and Allen and KD dropping in 3. So I like Phoenix to cover here. The line is, Phoenix's favored by 7 and a half points. If Kawhi was playing, this is a totally different story, but I just don't think the Clippers have enough firepower. Nice. Yeah. I'm kinda I'm with you on that. I think, yeah. I I I don't know that I love a lot of FanDuel stuff in that in that game. Maybe some Grayson Allen, but he's so expensive now, that he's tough. Anyway, last game of the night, it is a doozy. The new Orleans Pelicans, healthy except for Brandon Ingram, against the Blazers' silly season lineup that includes Scoot Henderson, Ryan Rupert, Chris Murray, Jabari Walker, and somehow, the man I feel is being punished all season for being who he is, Deandre Ayton. Look, dude. I know you wanna go to Cancun. We know you want it out of here. We know you don't care. Like, guess what? You're playing 30 minutes again tonight. Suck it up and go. Dominating. Yeah. I mean, Deandre is playing really well. I've I'm I'm happy for him. It that starting lineup is is brutal. Scoot Henderson has has not lived up to my expectations. I think there's still hope that he can turn a corner. He's just he for fantasy purposes, he's kind of a a wash in category leagues. He can put up stats in in points leagues. The the the main piece for Portland is is the bench guy, Delano Banton. He's been just fantastic. He's him and Deandre are are are the only guys I like in Portland. I'm a really big Pelicans stand. I I I'm sure anybody who tunes in, has noticed that. I think I I know that they've been struggling without Brandon Ingram. Zion's been playing fantastic ball. I think he's playing the best ball of his career right now. That's dangerous. CJ McCollum is nice. Herbert Jones is a fantastic defender. Trey Murphy is a good shooter. Like, they got all these pieces. I'm really hoping that they can put it together. I I gotta stick with my guns here. I'm rolling with the Pelicans to cover minus 13 against the port, against the trailblazers. There's there's not much analysis go into this other than the Pelicans need to win. They need to keep winning, and they need to blow out teams like Portland. They can't pull the Bucks. They can't they can't fall apart like this. I I I think Pelicans play pretty tough tonight, and I I think Zion just absolutely goes crazy. So the the Pelicans minus 13 and and all over on the Zions, over on every Zions prop that that is out there. Wow. That's a lot of faith in a guy with a hurt finger and a and a appetite for destruction. I almost let you let me get out of here without giving Denalo Banton some last second praise. But, man, that guy carrying teams for the last 2 months. Just balling, silly season, Superman, silly season here. I love I love Banton so much. I love the fact that, you know, I love that. I love when I pick a guy up that nobody else is really talking about and then, you know, a cohost on a podcast or something like, you know, I'm not really feeling that guy. And and then that guy just goes off for the next 2 months, and it's like, let's let's go and do this. So, love me some denial about him. Absolutely. Alright, man. Well, I think we I think we did it again. We made it through a podcast. My voice is still here. And I think now, Kieran, I my my vision is for you and I to do this every Tuesday through the playoffs. Are you good with that? Yeah. Sounds good to me. Before we get out of here, I do wanna answer Matt Carmody's question. Oh, yeah. He he said, how many of the final four games do you think Middleton will play for the Bucks? I think so looking back, Middleton has played in 9 of 11, and the only two times he sat out was the 2nd night of a back to back set. The Bucks play tonight, and then they also play tomorrow. Expecting Chris to play tonight, expecting him to sit tomorrow, but then I would assume he'll play the final 2 games. The Bucks are fight like we've mentioned, they're fighting for the number 2 seed, so they can't really rest him over those last two games. And like we said, one of those games is against the Magic, so they're definitely gonna need him to be to be available for that game as they fend off the the fierce competition for the 2 seed. So I would say, conservatively, he'll he'll probably play at least 2, probably will play 3 of the 4. And I am, I'm more bold on him playing 3 than you are, and I think he might even play 4. It depends on what their locker room is like. If their locker room is talking about getting tracked down, and and getting tracked down by the Magic and getting passed, and they're like, we can't let this happen. And Middleton, you're healthy. You've you have you've only played so and so many games over the last 2 seasons. Get out there and, you know, carry us home down the stretch. So I wouldn't even be surprised if if he played in that back to back. I'm not gonna go as far as pretty predicting that he will. I just think it it's possible that he could. Yeah. And, like, the game tomorrow is against the Magic, so that would be the big one. And so I I'm I feel like there's a chance he plays for, but I I like you said, I don't wanna project that he'll play for for sure. Oh, Kieran and I will be here every Tuesday at 11 throughout the NBA playoffs to talk, DraftKings, FanDuel, underdog, price picks, whatever. And then Cam and I'll be back here on Thursday doing our victory laps on our our championships, and then we'll go from there. But, I'll see you all again Thursday at 11. And, Kieran, thank you so much for coming on, and, looking forward to keep doing this. Yeah. Sounds good, Steve. Looking forward to it. Have a good time at the game tonight. Thanks, man. See you guys. Have a good