Welcome into the Rotowire NBA podcast. It is Wednesday, December 20th. I am Nick Whelan. No Brandon Kravitz today. He's sick. He's got sick kids at his house. It's a holiday week, so he's got the day off. We're gonna go solo. Do probably a shorter version of the pod today. We'll open it up a little bit earlier, do some q and a, try to hit as many of those as we can. So as always, if you're listening, if you're watching live on YouTube or on Twitter, feel free to toss, you know, some questions, some comments in the stream, and we will hit those as we go along. So, again, this will probably be bit of a shorter episode. We'll talk about, you know, some of the fallout, some of the fantasy takeaways from Tuesday night, but but we're back to a more traditional NBA schedule. So we only had 2 or 4 games, excuse me, on the slate last night. Obviously, the big news, the return of Ja Morant. And could really could not have gone much better for Ja. 34 points, 8 assists, 6 rebounds, 2 steals, and a block. He did turn it over 5 times when he was a plus 12. Full workload, 35 minutes. You know, we saw Taylor Jenkins earlier yesterday say, yeah. You know, we're gonna be maybe a little careful with this minute. And then before tip-off, it was he'll probably play in the low thirties. I mean, they needed every minute of Ja Morant last night. Of course, it's the game winner as well. So kind of a a storybook return as far as that goes for Ja. 10 of 12 had the free throw line. He took 24 shots, and we wondered, would he be rusty at all? The answer is a pretty emphatic no. I mean, Champa rant looked like Champa rant last night, and this is going to be a huge, huge boost for Memphis. The question is, can the grizzlies get back into the playoff race in the Western Conference? And I would like to say yes, but, I mean, they dug themselves a hole. 6 and 19 in the first 25 games without job. And, you know, even after winning last night, you know, Phoenix lost. Golden State did win. That was not good for Memphis, but, you know, they are still 6a half back of the Phoenix Suns who are currently in 10th. And and, of course, that is the final, you know, play in spot. So I I you know, they're gonna have to go their their risk could have to win, what, 60% of their games at least the rest of the way to to have a chance to sneak in there. And to me, it it's tough to say, alright. If they're in 13th right now, do they eventually pass the Utah Jazz? Probably, you know, with a healthy job, a healthy Marcus Smart. If they have just relatively decent injury luck the rest of the way, I I think they do they do pass up Utah. You know, I I think I could you could see them passing up Golden State. We'll see, you know, if the warriors could get it together, or if they make any roster changes. Beyond that, though, it's like, you know, what's the other team that falls out? Like, I I have a hard time saying, yes. Memphis is going to pass the Phoenix Suns. You know, barring an injury to Durant or Booker, I don't think that's happening. You know, Houston is maybe that team that could fall back. They're at 13 and 11 right now. Obviously, the defense has been fantastic, but they're they're deep. They're talented. I I I don't think they're necessarily due for a big slide. And then above them, you got the Lakers, the Pells, the Clippers. They've won 8 in a row. Dallas, Sacramento, Denver, OKC, Minnesota. You know, most of those teams, you feel pretty good about, you know, hanging around where they are right now, current seating wise. So I I think they're gonna need they're gonna need some help. They're gonna need some injury luck, some bad injury luck from other teams to crawl back into the playoff race. But, frankly, if you're a Memphis, man, you don't wanna throw away a season. You know, we're only 26 games in. But if if if they, you know, failed to gain ground, you know, if there's still 6, 7 games out, of even a play in spot at the halfway point or after the all star break, maybe it would be the worst thing, you know, for the grizzlies to to have a lottery pick and and add another piece to this core because Jah's still young. Jaren Jackson's still young. And you're kinda resetting now, around that core, and you probably need to find a long term answer, with Steven Adams missing so much time at center these last couple of seasons. But regardless, you know, huge, huge return for Ja Morant really could not have gone better. You know, if you threw him out there in a weekly fantasy lineup, he kinda didn't really know what to expect and didn't know if he'd be on a minute's limit, how rusty he would be. You know, really could not have gone better. So great to have Ja Morant back. Memphis is back in action tomorrow. They are home for the Indiana Pacers. I mean, that is that's gonna be a hell of an environment. Jovarant's first home game back coming off of the game winner and really an ideal fantasy matchup as well against, an Indiana team that is just handing out points to anybody. So, if you got Jovarant in your lineup, good stuff there. Elsewhere last night, you know, I actually, I wanna stick with Memphis first. So they win that game 115, 113. Jaren Jackson, 24 points, took only 10 shots, but got to the line 15 times. I mean, that is a a huge, huge, you know, kind of change of pace for Jaren Jackson who is probably a little bit underqualified to to carry a team offensively. You know, it was him and Desmond Bane through the first 25 games of the season and to varying success. Right? I mean, we saw Jared Jackson have some pretty high volume nights. You know, the efficiency has not really been there. The field goal percentage is way down. I think a lot of that a lot of that was predictable, you know, especially when you watch Jared Jackson. He's not he's not a great ball handler. He could be a little out of control at times. He's never shot a great percentage as far as big men go. But, you know, I my hope as someone who has Jaren Jackson in a bunch of important leagues is that, you know, the return of Durant kind of standardizes who he's supposed to be. He goes back to the role that he played last season, which is still a very good offensive player, somebody who could give you close to 20 a night. He's never gonna be a great rebounder. That's just not really who he is. He's kinda got that that Brook Lopez stat profile in some ways. But I I think, you know, taking some of the offensive pressure off of him, allowing him to focus more defensively, 3 blocks last night for Jaren Jackson, that was fantastic. So my hope is that continues. And, again, a a really good matchup for Memphis on Friday against the Indiana Pacers. On the New Orleans side of things, big game for Brandon Ingram. 11 of 18 from the field, 11 of 12 at the line, 34 points, 6 assists, 4 boards, 2 steals. Valentiunas, you know, we talked about him on the rotor wire NBA show on SiriusXM last night. Alex and I both loved him to have a big game. He goes for 22 and 14. We we cashed our Jonas Balochunis over 0.5 steals prop as well. That was great. Took pretty deep into the game. Yeah. I was I was talking with Alex last night. You know, Memphis turns it over, a decent amount. They're they're near the top of the league in in turnovers. They're near to the top of the league in opponent's steals per game. They're actually number 1 in that metric. They turned it over 17 times last night, and somehow that only resulted in 4 total steals for the Pelicans. And at one point, Memphis had, I think, 12 turnovers early, and only one of those resulted in a steal. So, obviously, that's a a bit of a fluky stat if you're looking at at the betting side of things. But, big night for Valjounis and then CJ McCollum, 18 points, all of which came on 3. 6 of 9 from beyond the arc. He he only took 2 2 point attempts. Missed both of those, added in 6 assists, a steal, and a block. You know, the Trey Murphy thing is something we've been monitoring quite a bit on this spot. I am a huge fan of Trey Murphy. He played 21 minutes off the bench last night, just 7 points, 2 of 6 shooting, only took 1 3 pointer. You know, we've gotten a lot of questions on these streams about Murphy and, you know, can he return to the player that he was last season? You know, on a per minute basis, my answer is always yes. I I think he's really, really good. I I think he's gonna be, you know, one of the knocked out shooters in the NBA for a long time. But you gotta remember, I mean, he started 65 games last year. He's now played in 8 games this year. He's coming off the bench. He's averaging 6 fewer minutes per game. New Orleans was basically without Zion for all of last season. Right? And I I think that played to Trey Murphy's benefit in a in a way that it that is not so far this year. So if Zion were to go down, then, yeah, I think Trey Murphy becomes like a 30, 33 minute per game player. But as long as Ion's in the lineup, I think you're going to get about the same, you know, kind of per minute numbers for Trey Murphy, but maybe a little bit lower ceiling. Now last night was easily his worst game of the year. So, you know, even with that factored in, he's still averaging more points, more rebounds, more assists than he did last season. So he he's still a a fine fantasy asset, but, you know, as long as as long as Zion's healthy, I I think there is a a little bit of a a lower ceiling for Trey Murphy. Bucks took care of the Spurs 132, 119. Really, this game, nice job by the Spurs to come back and cover it. In the Q4, they outscored Milwaukee 3425 in the final period. Alex and I, you know, we we talked about that game on the radio. And, basically, we're like, look. We're not taking Milwaukee minus 16a half. This is just screaming backdoor cover. That's exactly what happened. But the bucks the bucks completely dominated this game. You know, 44 points in the Q1. Not a huge scoring night at all for Giannis. 4 of 12 from the field in what should have been a perfect matchup. I mean, no weapon Yama for the Spurs, but just kind of an off night for him offensively. But 16 assists, 14 boards, 2 steals, and a block. So kind of a unique triple double for Giannis, 11, 16, and 14. It was a huge Damien Lillard night, arguably his best offensive game for Milwaukee. You know? So it's basically a 3 quarters of garbage time, but we will take it. 7 threes for Lillard. You know, it feels like every game he starts, like, o four from 3. That was not the case last night. He was hot from start to finish, 40 points, 4 assists, 3 boards, and 3 steals for Damian Lillard. Kelton Johnson went 28 and 12, 22, and 2 blocks for Zach Collins. We did have a shade and sharp injury. That's something to monitor. I'm a very big shade and sharp guy. You know, the volume's been down a little bit. The numbers have been down since Anthony Simons came back, but he left early last night against the sun. I think he played only 8 or 9 minutes dealing with a groin injury. So that will be that will be something to monitor. You know, if you're in daily leagues, obviously, not as big of a deal. Hopefully, he plays, they they play tomorrow at home against Washington. That should be a very, very good matchup. But concerning loss last night for the Phoenix Suns, you know, I saw some some reporters, for the Suns on Twitter were like, this is this might be a player's only meeting type of loss. You know, Phoenix now 14 and 13 on the year. Durant went for 40. Booker gave you 26 and 7. Really, nobody else did anything for the Phoenix Suns. You know, they got 5 of 23 from beyond the arc as a team. You know, it's one of those games for Portland where they went 14 of 28. And, you know, if you're outscoring a team that badly from 3, you're gonna win a lot of games in the NBA, but it's it sounded like Portland played all that well. I mean, they only they shot under 45% as a team. It was really the threes, that that ended up pulling this game out for them. Malcolm Brogdon coming off the bench 32 minutes. He had 4 threes, 14 points, 4 assists. Decent day for for Anthony Simons. You know, 23 and 7, but, again, only 9 of 23 from the field. 8 and 16 and 15 and Jeremy Grant. He's gotta do what Jeremy Grant does. He's putting up those Carvello Anthony stat lines. 22 points, 1 rebound, 4 assists, did have 2 blocks as well. Alright. We got some questions in the chat. Again, if you're just tuning in, no Kravitz today. He's dealing with an illness. He is he's listed as a game time decision, going forward, but should be back on the stream next week. So we're going solo here. Keep keep the questions coming. I think that will, that will prevent me from just, you know, rambling on and on, about last night's games. We had a question from Adithya. Hopefully, I'm pronouncing that correctly. He says, appreciate your work and your advice. Thank you. Appreciate that. Help me, please. He said, hold or drop to pick up Trace Jackson Davis. He is in a Yahoo head to head 12 team 15 category league. Woah. 15 categories. I I would like to know what what those extra categories are. You know, we've gotten a lot of questions about Brandon Pogemski of late and rightfully so. I'd you know, he went for I think it was $29 in fab in a $100 budget league that I'm in 16 teams over the weekend. So, you know, somebody that I I think has has staying power, but played only 16 minutes last night. You know, he's been starting for them. They've moved Andrew Wiggins to the bench. Wiggins had yet another disaster game last night. You know, he had played well in their last game, but man, 2 of 11 from the field in 22 minutes, 6 points, 7 rebounds. I mean, this has just been a a brutal, brutal start to the year for Andrew Wiggins. And, you know, I think Trace Jackson Davis, that's that's kind of the storyline for the warriors who were able to to rally back, despite Steph Curry picking up 5 or his 5th foul, I think, in the 3rd quarter, you know, led them to an overtime win and just you had another game where you you you kinda get concerned about the late game, offense for the Boston Celtics, but Pogemski, you know, left that game with a lower back injury. That was according to Kendra Andrews of ESPN. So it wasn't it wasn't like he got benched. You know, if you're just looking at the box score, you might think, okay. Why don't you play 16 minutes? You know, we'll see on him. You know, as far as what his status will be going forward, the warriors are they're off tonight. They're off tomorrow. Then they have a a really, really juicy back to back. Both of these are home games against Washington and Portland Friday Saturday. So, hopefully, Bojewski's back for that. Looking forward, next week, they have a 3 game week. They have a 4 game week after that, and then 333, you know, through the 1st few weeks of January. So not a not a great schedule necessarily for the warriors. I I think I would still I would still favor Pogemski over Jackson Davis. Now, you know, Tracy Jackson Davis was was one of the big stories for the warriors last night. Had that huge block on on Jaylen Brown, but had 3 blocks total, 10 points, 13 boards in 29 minutes. He played 18 minutes in their previous game against Portland at 14 and 8 with 3 assists and 2 steals and a block. So I I think he I think he's worth, you know, a flyer at this point, but still very, very unproven. Right? 2nd round pick out of Indiana. A guy who was a great college player, one of those classic, like, alright. He's awesome in college, but will they really do anything in the NBA? But I think he's found a good landing spot, in Golden State and, obviously, will benefit, as long as Draymond Green is out. But he's still, you know, he's still behind Jonathan Kamminga, who played 34 minutes, had one of his best games of the year, 17, 7, 2, and 2 last night. You know, the interesting thing was Kevon Looney only played 14 minutes. And, you know, that's been a trend this year. Obviously, he had, you know, so many great rebounding games toward the end of last season. He's not been great for them. You know, the warriors, I think, are still searching for that small ball option as long as Draymond is out. And I I think we're gonna see more Trace Jackson Davis. Right? I think early in the season, Kerr was a little bit hesitant to to switch up this rotation, to go, you know, go away from guys who he's trusted over the last couple of years. I think that's out the window. I think Golden State is kinda in scramble mode right now, especially without Draymond. So we should be looking at a a a nice little run here for Jackson Davis where I think he's going to get minutes. He's going to get opportunities. Again, I would still if I'm choosing between the 2, assuming Pogemski, you know, is not dealing with a a a a longer term injury with this back issue, I would still favor him. But if you need if you need blocks, if you need rebounds, then, you know, I I think Trace Jackson Davis makes sense as a streamer. Alright. Ian asked, is Kobe White and Cam Thomas sell high candidates? Good question. I mean, you know, I've said all along with Kobe White. Like, he's he's I mean, this is the highest that his value spend throughout his career at any point by a mile. Right? And it it's been ridiculously consistent. You know? You you're kinda still waiting for the, like, come back to earth stretch for Kobe White. And, you know, you look at his last 15 games. Excuse me. 23.4 points, 5.6 assists, 5.2 boards, 50, 50, 86 percentages. And, again, this is a a 15 game sample. This isn't just like 3 or 4 games where he's been hot. So, yes, he's a sell high. You know, what I consider what I consider flipping him for somebody who, you know, has has a more proven track record, who has, you know, more upside the rest of the way, Yes. It's just a question of who can you really get at this point. Right? You know, I'm trying to see where he ranks, you know, over the last 30 days, which which encompasses, you know, you know, most of that stretch. He's a top 25 fantasy player in 8 category leagues. He's 24th overall. He ranks right between Steph Curry and and Chet Holmgren in terms of per game value. So, yeah, you could flip him. If you could get, you know, I I don't know, somebody like, I don't know, Scottie Barnes, you know, if some somebody's willing to part with, you know, an injury risk type of player. I don't know. Paul George. Yeah. You probably can't get Kevin Durant, somebody like that. Might have to be a 2 for 1 type of deal. If you you might have to throw in another piece, but I'm not really trying to get off of Kobe White. Like, I think it's very possible that Zach LaVine has played his final game as a Chicago bowl. I think they might just be kinda waiting to trade him, and there's always a possibility that if they deal him or they deal to Rosen or even Buscevic, if there's a taker there, that, yeah, they could bring in some other young talent, you know, who would cut into Kobe White's workload. But I I, you know, I I think they view Kobe White as part of the future. I mean, this is a team that's been kinda cruising toward a rebuild for a while. They've been putting it off, but, you know, it's not like they're gonna bring in somebody and and all of a sudden Kobe White's playing 25 minutes off the bench. Right? So, you know, he's playing 38 minutes a game over the last 15. Is that sustainable? We'll see. But I wouldn't really be looking to get off Kobe White right now. I I think what he's doing feels fairly sustainable, and, you know, the bulls are are likely going to be a bad team the rest of the way. But I I think we're looking at a a perfect, you know, good stats, bad team situation for Kobe White. And then, you know, with Kieth Thomas, he he's just been he's been so effective as a scorer that even though I I'm still questioning it, is is he actually a winning player? I I don't know that he is. But the minutes have been there. Right? Since he came back from injury, you know, he started now 8 games in a row, 22 points, 3 rebounds, 2 assists in that span. Field goal percentage hasn't been great. He's taken 47 shots over the last 2 games. I mean, that's who Cam Thomas is. He's given to you a bunch of threes as well. You know, he's if I'm like, if I'm forced to choose between selling one of those 2, it would probably be Cam Thomas just because his fantasy profile isn't as friendly as Kobe White's. But, again, I I don't see either of these as, like, short term booms. I think what they're doing is is fairly sustainable. And, yeah, I guess you worry about Ben Simmons coming back. What does that mean? But I don't know if that's even happening, man. I I don't really have any trust in in Ben Simmons. What do you think about Jaylen Johnson? I just snuck him off the wire. He was dropped last night, and I put him on IR. He will take my one and only streaming spot. I mean, that's great. I I don't know why somebody would drop Jalen Johnson right now. You know, if you're in a really shallow league, 10 team league, yeah, I could see it. But, you know, to drop him to drop him now when, you know, we're should be nearing the end of of his return timetable, you know, they said they would reevaluate him in 3 to 4 weeks, and that was, excuse me, that was around Thanksgiving. So we're basically at the 3 and a half, 4 week timetable right now. I I think it's possible that he could be back in the next week or 2. So I I would understand dropping him, you know, at the time. Again, if you're in a shallow league, but Jalen Johnson was awesome early in the year. And, you know, he's he's another guy who was playing a ton of minutes, you know, kinda wouldn't say he came out of nowhere. He's showing flashes, but I did not see him, you know, being a 32, 33 minute tonight guy. They have other options. You know, Bogdanovic has come on. Obviously, Deandre Hunter, you know, AJ Griffin, their 1st rounder last year. But I think Jalen Johnson's gonna plug back in, when when he returns from injury. And, yeah, if you're snatching him at an IR spot and, you know, you could just if if you're if you're streaming Jalen Johnson, you're in great shape. Right? You know, if he's if he's your streamer, that's awesome. I think in a lot of leagues, you know, 12, 14, certainly 16 team leagues, that's a guy who is, you know, a coveted every single week starter unless they're on a 2 game week. So, yeah, great job grabbing him. I I don't again, I don't know why somebody would would put him on the waiver wire right now. Alright. Dubforce asks, is Asar Thompson finally a drop, and would you pick up James Wiseman in place of him? Man, I I just I love and hate talking about the Pistons. I mean, they've they've lost, what, 23 in a row now. Just a sad franchise, a a franchise that has a lot of pieces that we like. I I think, you know, I think Assad probably has to be a drop. You know, he's back in the starting lineup. He had that big game against Indy a couple weeks ago, and you're thinking, alright. You know, maybe maybe we're back on track. We're back to where we were in early November. And he started 5 games in a row. His minutes have decreased in all five of those games. He, you know, he's played 22, 24, and 19 minutes over the last 3 games. Obviously, the pistons continue to get blown out every single night. Two points, 8 boards, 3 assists, and a steal. Last time out, I I think he's probably droppable. I think he is. You know, we we talked a lot about the return of Bojan Bogdanovic and, you know, how they use him. Well, I mean, to blame him 30, 35 minutes tonight, I don't know if it's a trade audition or what. I do think later in the season, you know, a a star will will end up seeing more minutes. I I don't know why they wouldn't turn things over to him. But for right now, you know, until they make some roster moves and and, you know, really, really go in the tank, which is hard to fathom that they could go any lower, I think he is a drop and, you know, for the time being, I I don't necessarily mind, you know, looking into James Wiseman. I didn't think this was a conversation we'd be having, but, you know, 26, 25, 28 minutes over his last 3 games. You know, Detroit could change the rotation on a whim. That's the one thing you have to consider. And, obviously, they're without Jalen Duran. You know, our last update on Duran came yesterday. He's still not practicing, so I think you you probably got a a week or 2 maybe before he's back at the soonest. But the other thing is Isaiah Stewart. You know, Isaiah Stewart has has been out with a shoulder injury over the last two games. That's a big part of the reason that Wiseman is in the lineup. He's closer to day to day. You know, the Pistons, next game, they play tomorrow against Utah, then they play Brooklyn, in Brooklyn on Saturday. So I think once Isaiah Stewart comes back, you know, he's obviously gonna cut into Wiseman's, you know, Wiseman's minutes. But, really, when Duran comes back is is when we could see the fall off. So, you know, roundabout way of answering this question, I think right now, I'd rather have James Wiseman than a star Thompson if you're just looking at kind of a game to game or or week to week streaming option. Alright. Ian. What's up, Ian? He says he's in a 9 cat league. Brogden and Bogdanovic, on Detroit or OG and Inobi. So, I I guess it's a 2 for 1. You would drive that Brogdon and Bogdanovic or OG. I think I'd rather have Brogdon and Bogdanovic right now. Yeah. And Inobi's playing better. He got off to a really slow start. You know, he was outside of the top 100 early in the season. He has played better of late. You know, I I think both Bogdanovic and Brogan are trade candidates. I think we have to consider that, for sure. But, you know, OG Anunoby right now, he's he's just not really giving you the defensive numbers. I think that's the biggest thing. You know, he he's not really scoring consistently at this point. So if if you're giving me a a, you know, a 2 for 1 in this situation with 2 guys who've been more productive and are both seeing a lot of minutes, I would lean toward the Volcanovich and, Malcolm Brogdon side of things. Alright. Tiago asked, I don't know if this is a a resident or a a a, you know, relative of Tiago splitter. I don't think so. But he says it's Spencer Dinwiddie, a sell high. You know, he he might be a sell a sell medium. Right? You know, I I don't mind holding Spencer Dinwiddie. You know, I I think the excuse me. The injury to Ben Simmons has been has been big for him and, you know, Cam Thomas being back in the mix. You know, Brooklyn's mostly healthy right now, and we haven't seen Spencer Dinwiddie's minutes drop off whatsoever. You know, last 15 games, he's averaging about 35 minutes per game. He's given you a ton of assists. He's given you steals as well. You're gonna have to live with the bad percentages. That's kinda who Spencer Dinwiddie is. You know, usually a sub 30%, 3 point shooter. It's been hovering around 40% from 3. But, yeah, I I mean, in terms of the assist production, especially, it's like now might be the time to to consider selling him, but I also think you can ride this out if you can live with the percentages. Alright. Mark asks, who would you keep? Keontay, Giddey, or Trey Murphy in a 9 cat, 10 team league? Interesting question. I'm not I'm not the biggest Keontay George guy. You know, again, if you're if you're in a category league, especially a 9 cat league, you know, the turnovers in the field goal percentage have just been disastrous. I do think the minutes will be there. I mean, they've been basically force feeding in minutes whenever he's healthy. Guinea's been been disappointing for sure. You're still getting still getting a decent number of counting stats from him, but, you know, I think he's kind of the guy who's who suffered most with with OKC upgrading its talent this season. And, you know, obviously, Jalen Williams taking a step forward. Chet Holmgren, having some things to say in that rotation. You know, Giddey, over the last couple of weeks, he's basically given you, what, like, 10, 7, and 4 with a steal. Percentages aren't great. You know, not a good free throw shooter, but he doesn't take too many, so that's not really that big of a concern. I I think I would lean Trey Murphy. I would lean Trey Murphy. And, again, I I want Murphy because at some point, Zion Williamson's probably getting hurt. History would strongly suggest that. And if that happens, you know, then we're looking at a 30 plus minute role for Trey Murphy. So good question there. I, you know, I don't know if there's necessarily an obvious answer, but if I'm choosing 1 of the 3, it's gonna be Trey Murphy. Alright. So oh, back to, Adithya who's in the the 15 category league. So it's typical 9 cat plus field goals made, free throws made, 3 pointers made, double doubles, triple doubles, and flagrant fouls. Oh, I like that quite a bit. So I wonder if flagrant fouls are, are are a positive or a negative. Like, do you do you watch Draymond Green in that league? Is is that a a category that you're targeting? But interesting. So thank you for the follow-up, Adithya. Mark asks, is Cade a sell high since it looks like Detroit could tank? Yes and no. I mean, they're already tanking with him. Right? You know, it's like they're the worst team in the league by a mile. They've won 4 games since the all star break last season. I don't think there's any reason I don't think there's any reason for them to pull back on Kate Cunningham. It's not like he's in danger of of winning them games. So no. He's he's been fantastic fantasy wise. You know, got off to a a bit of a sluggish start, but he's been really, really good over the last couple of weeks. Obviously, he just went for a career high 43 the other night. You know, you I guess you could maybe worry about a late season shutdown, but you gotta you gotta keep in mind that the lottery odds are smooth now. Right? I mean, it as long as you're in that bottom 4, which Detroit's going to be in the bottom 4. I don't think that's gonna be a concern. Like, there's no there's no reason to push for, like, truly the worst record in the league as opposed to the 2nd or 3rd or 4th worst record. So I I wouldn't worry too much about that. I think Cade needs reps, and I I don't really see Detroit pulling back all that much. So, no, I I would I would still hold Cade. I mean, again, if you if you can get a a a better player for him, obviously, if you could trade anybody in that situation, but I I'm not really I'm not really worried about the taking. I mean, Cade Cade has been able to maintain his fantasy value despite the losing for Detroit. Alright. Let's see. We knew we'd get a Jordan Poole question. Guilford Wong says, do I drop Jordan Poole? Depends on your league size as always with these questions, but he is droppable in in some formats. You know, I I actually wanted Jordan Poole in a lot of leagues. I I didn't get him. I wasn't really willing to pay the price. And, you know, that's that's turned out to to to be a good thing, I suppose. It is worth noting, but Jordan Poole's played better of late. And he's he's had these stretches throughout the season. Right? I mean, I think it was, like, right around Thanksgiving, he had 3 straight really good games, and then he was bad again for another couple weeks. I mean, his last three is giving you 24 points, 5 assists, 51% from the field, 50% from 3. He had 8 3 pointers the other night against Sacramento. So if you're in, like, a 10 team league, he might be droppable. And Guilford follows up and says, should I drop it for Malik Beasley? I don't know if I do that. You know, Beasley's basically just a a 3 point specialist. Right? And, you know, I guess you could say Poole is kind of that, in some ways, but I I think there's still more upside with Jordan Poole going forward. You know, he's at least playing more minutes than he was early on. It was really concerning, like, 1st couple weeks of the season. He had some games where he's playing, like, 20, 21 minutes. He has been closer to to 30, 32 over the last few weeks. So if it's Beasley versus Poole, I would still hold Poole. Alright. Would you trade away Derek Lively? Could Vassell be too much to ask? Not necessarily. Yeah. Lively is an interesting one. Kind of a unique fantasy player. Right? I mean, not not somebody who I thought would would be this successful right away. I think he's a classic guy who, like, you know, number 1 recruit at times, depending on where you look in his high school class. Didn't really look all that great at Duke last season, but I I think he's the type of player who's just better suited for the NBA game than he was in college. You know, you're really chasing the rebounds in the blocks and the field goal percentage with Lively. He's not really a scorer. He he doesn't really pass. He doesn't give you a lot of steals, but he's up over 2 blocks per game over the last month. He shoots 76% from the field. I mean, that is huge. Again, it doesn't take that many, only about 6 shots per game, but that's gonna give you a nice boost in field goal percentage and then 8.1 rebounds per game. So he ranks, like, 75th over the last month or so. The sell rates quite a bit lower. I mean, if you need if you need points and threes, then I think this is actually a fair deal. But if you need the defensive stats, if you need a center eligible player, I would probably just hang on to Lively. I I think Vassell Vassell, I worry about a little bit, you know, as far as tanking goes. Like, the Spurs and pop just kinda seem to be operating on whims every single night. Obviously, Vassell is is one of their their key pieces going forward. So I don't think we're looking at a full shutdown, but you just you just never really know with the Spurs rotation. So I you know, Lively has been the better fantasy player overall. If it's not really a positional need thing, I would probably just stick with him. Alright. So following up on the Dinwiddie question, Tiago says, you know, should I worry about Ben Simmons coming back and affecting Dinwiddie's value? Yeah. That's a fair question. You know, I again, I we've been down this road so many times with Ben Simmons that, you know, just when you think he's coming back, you know, there's a setback. We we really haven't gotten any word on him in a long time that that gives us anything definitive. You know, they said in early December that he'd be out at least 2 more weeks. It's now been 3 weeks since we got that update, and they kinda seem to be handling him on a game to game basis. He's dealing with, you know, a a pinched nerve in his lower back. He had an injection early in December, so it's just you know, it's one of those injuries where there's not really a firm timetable. It's kind of a pain management thing. You know, Simmons has not played since November 6th. I I think he plays again at some point this year, but is he gonna, you know, be a guy who plays 20 games in a row and is playing 30 minutes a night? Maybe, but probably not. So I I don't really worry all that much about Ben Simmons, specifically here. I I think we've again, we we we know the track record with Simmons. I I don't think he's going to be able, to stay healthy. Alright. So another question about Jackson Davis. You know, he's on waivers. He was dropped just before his best game. He was just used as a streamer. Is he appealing? Yeah. He's definitely appealing to me as a streamer. You know, we talked about the Warriors schedule earlier in the pod. It's not super friendly. Right? You know, the rest of the week, it is, but they they don't have many 4 game weeks coming up. So when if you're looking at streamers and weekly lineup leagues, you know, might be a little bit tough to justify. But, you know, I I also at this point in the season, there's not there's not that many obvious guys sitting on the waiver wire. Right? Like in, you know, in fantasy football, starting running back, ax goes down, and it's like, oh, here's an obvious pivot. Right? You know, go pick up Jerome Ford or Kareem Hunt if Nick Chubb gets hurt. In the NBA, you're working the margins. You you're playing the trends a little bit more. And, again, I I think the warriors the warriors and Steve Kerr are open to anything at this point. I I think it is it has kinda become a, you know, egalitarian. Whoever's playing the best, those are the guys that are going to get the minutes. You know? I I think if you read between the lines on some of the things that Steve Kerr said over the last month or so, that's the implication to me is that, you know, outside of Curry and Klay and, you know, I think on some nights, you know, Kuminga and Looney, the rest of those spots and the rest of those minutes are are very much up for grabs. So I I think as long as Draymond's out, and it sounds like he's gonna be out at least 2 or 3 more weeks, if not longer, I think we're gonna see a lot of Trace Jackson Davis. I think especially in in matchups where they're they're comfortable going small, you know, a team that doesn't have a traditional center out there. You know, we saw it last night against Boston. No Porzingis for the Celtics. You know, I think if he plays, we'd probably see more Looney. He he only played 14 minutes last night. But Al Horford's like, yeah. You could say he's a traditional center. All he does is shoot threes at this point. You know, he just kinda hangs around the perimeter. 10 of his 14 field goal attempts last night came from beyond the arc. So you you might be a more of a matchup based thing with Trace Jackson Davis, but I I think they're gonna try him out. You know? I think they're gonna run him out there. They don't have a lot of other options with no Draymond, so I I do like him as a streamer. And, you know, again, they play Washington and Portland at home Friday Saturday. So if you're if you're in a daily lineup league, I think both of those are really appealing matchups. I mean, you know, Washington, especially one of the worst rebounding teams in the NBA. I I would be I I think that could be a big night for Jackson Davis, and you you just gotta kinda ride the hot hand right now. And if we're talking about a streamer, then I I think he's a a fine pickup. Alright, guys. You can keep the keep the questions coming in the stream. We'll we'll keep this going as long as we can. You know, on a solo episode like this, I I'm not just gonna dribble on, too long, but, you know, happy to answer any other questions that come through. Get back to, you know, what happened in the NBA last night. We only had 4 games on the slate. Talked a little about Spurs, Bucks, and Grizzlies, Pelicans, touchdown Celtics, Warriors as well, and then Suns, Blazers. You know, on the Portland side of things, you know, Deandre Ayton, nice little redemption game for him against the Suns. Did only go 6 of 18 from the field, but 15 boards, 16 points will take that. This has been a really interesting team to evaluate. If you are a Matisse streamer as I am in one league, you know, you got your money's worth last night, 3 steals and a block, in 21 minutes. You really don't care about anything else with him. He did hit 2 threes. That's a nice bonus, but you're you're really just chasing the defensive stats. Was not a great night for Scoot Henderson. He did play 30 minutes. We love that. And, you know, Shaden Sharp going out early with that groin injury certainly helped, but 3 of 9 from the field missed both of his threes. Did go 3 of 3 at the line. Good to see him getting there. Continues to foul at an absurd rate. Four fouls last night. Did a 5 turnovers that's killing you in a 9 category league, but he finishes with 9 points, 5 assists, and 4 rebounds. Continue to be relatively underwhelmed with Scoot, and my stance all along is that he he's going to improve. I think there's gonna be stretches where he looks really good. Yeah, I think he wasn't maybe quite as NBA ready as we thought. You know, the injury early on is working against him. But in general, you know, players of of his staff profile, his age, they just don't tend to be good fantasy players. Even if he has a a nice stretch, you know, season long, like, his chances of ranking inside the top 100, top 120 even are pretty slim. Like, rookie guards just very, very rarely have the efficiency, you know, to to do well in fantasy right away. So I love him in Dynasty. I'm not backing him off backing off of him, in that regard at all. But, you know, if he's somebody that you're considering picking up, considering streaming you know, if if Shane Sharp is out for a few games, then, yeah, maybe. But when this rotation is at full strength, I'm still avoiding him. Guilford says Julius Randle was terrible to begin the season. That is very true. Is his production sustainable? You know, good question. Randle has played so much better over the last month or so. You know, early on, it was it was disastrous. Right? I mean, 5 of 22 on opening night. You know, that just kinda set him on a bad course. First 10 games of the year, he was shooting 33% from the field, 25% from 3, 70% at the line. That brought us through November 13th. Sixteen games since Julius Randle's at 25 points, 9 rebounds, 5 and a half assists. He's not giving you anything defensively, but it's Julius Randle. So what do you expect? 54% from the field, 78% at the line, 35% from 3. So the question is, is it sustainable? You know, is is Randle shooting almost 55% sustainable? No. But the rest of it, probably. You know? It it's not like he hasn't put up similar numbers to this in the past. Right? I mean, last season, he was a a little bit down, but he's kinda gone every other year with, like, boob or bust seasons since arriving in New York. 2 seasons ago, he was at 25, 10, and 4 on 46% shooting, 76% at the line. Not too far off what he's doing right now. So I I think the efficiency, it's gonna wax and wane. You know, over the the course of the season, he probably settles in. You know, if he could even shoot, like, 48% from the field, that's fantastic for Julius Randle, a guy who takes a lot of tough looks. So in general, yeah. You know, I think it's like, you know, 85, 90% sustainable. If you just watch the Knicks night tonight, like I I watched their full game against Utah late last week, had some gambling interest on that one. I mean, Randle, he's a ball hog. Absolutely. I he's not somebody that I would wanna play basketball with, but it it's perfect for fantasy. I mean, he just if he's touching the ball, he's not giving it up. Right? And, I I think that works to his advantage. Obviously, it's working well enough for the Knicks. They're still hanging around in the east. They're at the 5 c. They're 15 and 11. So, yeah, I I I think it's relatively sustainable. Will Wendell Carter junior get back to his averages last year when he's ramped back up? I don't know if he will, man. I, you know, I've I grabbed him in a couple of leagues as kind of a stash. He should be making his return tonight against Miami. He's not on the injury report. So barring some sort of setback, you know, him, like, banging up that finger during warm ups, he should play. You know, the thing is Orlando's been totally fine without him. Right? They're 16 and 9, and Wendell Carter has played 5 games for them, and he was terrible in those 5 games. 9 points, 37% from the field. Very small sample. I wouldn't read too much into that, but I I I, you know, I think Orlando's gonna be conscious of not messing up a good thing. I mean, they're off to basically a best case start and, you know, it's Ben Vitadze and, you know, Mo Wagner getting minutes. I'm not saying, you know, they're just gonna keep Wendell Carter out of the rotation. Like, he's going to see minutes, but I don't know if they just throw him out there for 30 minutes every night. Right? I think maybe maybe he works his way up to that. But is he gonna end up giving you what he gave you last season, which was 15 points, 9 rebounds, 2 and a half assists, you know, 1 and a half threes, I'd be surprised. I really would. I I think he's worth an add, you know, especially if you're in a deeper format, if you if you have a streamer spot and, you know, you're center eligible. Right? So that's that's the other thing too. Especially if you're in a 2 center league, you might need that spot. So he's worth a flyer, but I again, I'd be surprised if he's back to where he was last season. What do you think about Tyler Herro's return? What is his ceiling in a 12 team points league? Yeah. I mean, Herro looked great, the other night. Right? I mean, kind of a best case scenario, I think, for a guy who had missed a a pretty significant chunk of time. And that was a tough, tough matchup against the best defense in the league in Minnesota. And Hero comes back. He plays a full workload, 33 minutes. He's in the starting lineup. 10 of 18 from the field. Did go just 1 of 6 from 3, but still gave you 25, with 3 rebounds, 2 assists, 2 steals. You know, ceiling wise, I I I think he could be a top 50 guy. Right? You know, if you just look at, you know if he could basically do what he did the other night, and keep that sustainable, you know, he'll he'll rank much higher than the top 50. Now, you know, percentages, that's gonna be kind of the the question with Tyler here. I'll be playing. You know, he's not gonna shoot 50 plus percent from the field going forward. But in his 9 games this season, he ranks as the 36th best fantasy player in 8 category leagues, and that's with him shooting about 45% from the field, and giving you, you know, 23, 5, and 4 are his averages on the year. So ceiling wise, could Tyler Herro be a top 40 player? Yes. I I think he can. You know, Miami has a lot of mouths to feed, and I think it was encouraging that Herro and Adebayo were back in the lineup. We still saw Cody Martin start. He still played 20 plus minutes. Duncan Robinson still played 20 plus minutes, still hit 4 threes. Jaime Hawkeyes played 30 minutes. Josh Richardson played 26. So there wasn't really there wasn't really, like, an obvious player who took a huge hit. I guess it would be Cody Martin the most out of that group. And Miami didn't have Kyle Lowry, so we do need to keep that in mind. You know, when he's back, we'll we'll see, you know, how much he cuts into to some of those workloads. But, I I think it was encouraging, you know, especially if you're a hockey's, fantasy manager that that he still played 30 minutes and gave you a pretty nice night with 2 blocks and 2 steals. Pardon me. Dealing with a little bit of a cold. Poole or Murphy is the question from former Mets shortstop Jose Reyes. Very good question. Eileen Trey Murphy. I think he is the better player. Obviously, Jordan Poole's in a vastly better fantasy situation. I think Poole's gonna give you more headaches. I think he has more upside night tonight. You know, he's been on a nice run over the last 3 games. We've also seen him go, you know, up and down, up and down, night tonight, week to week. So I would rather have Trey Murphy and, you know, you never wish injury upon anybody. But if you're holding Trey Murphy, to be frank, you're open Zion Williamson goes down at some point because that's gonna open things up for Trey Murphy. I'm thinking about flipping Kobe White and Cam Thomas for Pascal Siakam. Is that too much? He needs, power forward and center eligibility. My lineup is guard heavy, and Tyler Herro just came back from the grave. So you're already guard heavy and you got Tyler hero back. You know? I mean, Kobe White has basically been as good if not a better fantasy player than Siakam. So I think this might be too much, you know? But if you're getting Cam Thomas on top of it, then, yeah, it's probably fair. I think that's fair, especially when you when you factor in that you need somebody who's power forward center eligible like Siakam. So in that scenario where you need something specific, you gotta be willing to take probably a slight discount just to fit the positional needs. Yeah. I think that's fair. I mean, Kobe White forced Joakim as a debate. And if you're getting Cam on top of that, I think that's fair. So I I I would probably do that deal. Would you trade Laurie Harkonen and D'Angelo Russell for CP 3 and Sabonis? Good question. I mean, D'Angelo Russell's off to a pretty good start fantasy wise. You know, the the field goal percentage is starting to come down as you'd expect. He's still, to me, just not a good real life player. I don't think he's a winning player, and I I do think there's a pretty good chance that he's moved ultimately. I prefer Sabonis to Markkanen. Those guys are very comparable in terms of fantasy. You know, if you're in a category league, it it kinda depends what you need. You know, you're getting you're getting better rebounding, more consistent rebounding. You're getting assists, of course, with Sabonis. I mean, marketing gives you almost nothing as a passer, but it it gives you the threes and you got, you know, more points. So, you know, marketing versus Sabonis to me is kind of a wash, although I I think Sabonis is going to be more sustainable. You know, there's already been some market and trade talks. Obviously, Utah feels like a tanky team. You worry about, you know, a shutdown for marketing late in the season. So, you know, I'd I'd still prefer d low to CP 3, but I I think that gap is going to narrow as the season goes along. So, overall, I would do the steal. I I would rather have Sabonis than market in, and, you know, the d low CP 3 part is is secondary to me. Jorge asked, who do you think would be the next big hit on the waiver wire for category leagues, especially for points? Well, I mean, tough to say. Right? Not not knowing the size of your league and who's available. I'll I'll take a look at, you know, who's out there in in some of my leagues right now. You know, Pogemski, I I think, was kind of that guy. Obviously, people went out and got Dante, you know, this past week as well. There's not I don't know if there's, like, a really obvious, like, oh, this guy's just gonna average 20 points a game the rest of the way type of player. You know, in one shallow league that I'm in, like, Keegan Murray is out there. Now this is like a 10 team league, so you gotta be be aware of that. You know, we talked about Jalen Johnson getting dropped in some leagues earlier today. I think if if that happened in your league, go get him. Other than that, I I don't know if there's really, you know, somebody who's gonna give you a ton of points. So you could target, like, a Balakai Branum in in San Antonio and maybe hope that his role increases. You know, Malik Beasley is still out there in a lot of leagues. I think he's only rostered in, in ESPN leagues. He's rostered in only 11%. You know, he's very 3 point dependent. Not a ton of upside there, but if you need threes and points, you know, Emmanuel Quickley, a lot of people have cut bait with him. He's not not had a great start to the year, but, obviously, we know what he's capable of. So, those are the names that come to mind if you if you're in a shallower league. Would you trade John Collins for OG in a 9 category league? I think I would. I think I would do this at first glance. You know, excuse me. OG and Obi's been a better fantasy player so far this season, and it feels like he's not played well. I mean, this has been easily his his worst start to a year over the last couple of seasons. Now he's had health issues. You you may be worried about that cropping up at some point. But to me, I I still think he's he's the better player. He's been the more reliable player. He has more upside. And Utah is already talking about trading John Collins. You know, there's a report earlier this week that he could be on the block. I actually like this landing spot for Collins. I just wanted him to get out of Atlanta, go somewhere where he could play more minutes. But, you know, it feels like they've they've maybe already soured on that fit, and they have some younger players they might wanna get in there. So I would you know, John Collins is not really playing all that well anyway. So I think you're you're kinda like selling medium on him, and you're you're buying low on OG and Adobe. And I think I mean, think about it. Like, early in the season, you know, weekend, if somebody had said you could get OG and Anobi for John Collins, you you would've you've been thrilled. Right? And, you know, I I think you still gotta see it through and and hope that Anobi emerges from that. So I would lean OG and Anobi, and take that deal if that's on the table for you. Alright. Let's see. So we got a kind of roster advice question, from Adithya, who says he's currently in 5th. The last place team offered him Jordan Poole for Cam Thomas. Yay or nay? That is that is an interesting one. I I would rather have Cam Thomas. I think I would. You know? I think with Jordan Poole, what you're chasing is points and you're chasing threes. Right? You know, the free throws have not really been there. We we thought he was somebody that could take, like, you know, 8 or 9 free throws a game. He's always been a high free throw guy in Golden State. That hasn't really carried over. I mean, Keb Thomas has been better and more consistent in basically every category that we care about with both of these guys. So, yeah, I would, I would hold Cam Thomas. I I would not I would not do that deal. I I think pool's gonna continue to frustrate you. There's gonna be ups and downs, but I would prefer Cam Thomas. Again, you know, very similar players in terms of their staff profile, but Thomas to me has been vastly, vastly better, you know, than than Jordan Poole has this season. So hold Cam Thomas. If you're if you're sitting at 5th, I I would not be don't don't be helping out the last place team. Alright. Let's see. Oh, Guilford said pool is so trash. LOL. Yes. That is correct. I have to agree on that. Alright. What else do we have here? We talked about the waiver wire. Yeah. Keep those questions coming, guys. I'll I'll try to hit a few more, and then, you know, we're already at the 45 minute mark, so probably head out here, if we don't get anything coming in. You know, looking at the board tonight, got a big night as is usually the case on Wednesdays. Ten games on the slate. You know, Boston playing on the 2nd night, but back to back at Sacramento. They're actually underdogs for the first time all season. So that should be a fun game to monitor. I really like Donovan Mitchell tonight. If you're playing DFS or you're you're doing things on the betting side, you could get his, you know, points, rebounds, assists. I think it's, like, 44a half. He's gonna go on like a Luca type of run here, I think, with no Garland and no Mobley, especially against a bad Utah team at home tonight. So I I really like Donovan Mitchell. Got a question from Eric. He said, thinking Jonathan Isaac for steals blocks in a 14 team league. Got any suggestions for a stream who would be better than Isaac? If he plays in the back to back, he might be the best option. Yeah. It's hard to get excited about this version of Jonathan Isaac. I mean, it's just it's a shame, man. I mean, he was what? The 6th overall pick, I think, back in 2017. You know, it went healthy early in his career was awesome. You know, he had that 2 and a half block, 1 and a 1 and a half steel season before the injuries really set in in 2019, and it's just it started to look like he's just never gonna get back to being that guy. If you're chasing blocks and steals, you know, I mean, he's not even giving you that many of them. Like, early in the season, he he had a really nice run where he was giving you basically one one and a half of each per game. You know, we'll see if if he plays both halves of the back to back. He's done it he's done it a couple times this season. So I I I think as long as he doesn't, you know, suffer some sort of injury or tweak that ankle that kept him out for a little bit, earlier in the month, then you should play both halves. You know, in a 14 team league, obviously, your options are pretty limited. I always say I mean, Matisse is the guy that I would pick up in in daily lineups. Right? I I gotta look at their schedule the rest of the week, but I think Matisse Stival offers you exactly what you're looking for in terms of blocks and steals. I I think he's gonna be more consistent. He's gonna play significantly more minutes, whether he's starting or coming off the bench. And, you know, Portland plays tomorrow, and then they play Saturday. So 2 games remaining for the rest of the week. And, you know, looking at Isaac and the Magic, like you said, they have a back to back coming up, and then they play Saturday. So 3 games of Isaac versus 2 of Thiebuhl as my voice just, like, completely goes out here. Sorry, guys. It it's a debate. I you know, Thiebuhl's probably available in your league. I would just go I would just go grab him. Aditya notes that Donovan Mitchell was not seen at shoot around this morning. That is a good point by you. I had not checked him. Oh, he's dealing with an illness. Oh, boy. Alright. Well, I was on the radio last night trumpeting Donovan Mitchell props. So, hopefully, he plays. That is not not great news. Listen to this questionable right now, and we'll see if he's able to get back. Question about Dante Exim. Is he still serviceable for the long term? Short term, yes. Long term, I have my questions. You know, I think once Kyrie's back and once Josh Green is back, you know, EXIM has played so well over the last couple of weeks that I I do think they keep him in the rotation. But is he playing more than 18 to 22 minutes? Probably not. You know, he's giving you some assists. He's giving you some threes, but, really, you're chasing the points with EXIM. So is he worth an ad right now, not knowing how long Kyrie's out? Yes. Long term, is he really sustainable? I I would if it's a yes or no question, I would probably say no. Thoughts on Tara Eason. Love Tara Eason, man. Loved him coming out of the draft. Loved him at LSU. You know, he's not in a great situation, but he's played so well that he's forced his way into the mix for Houston. Right? I mean, the the rockets have so many guys, especially on the wing. And, you know, Jayshawn Tate has been absent lately. Ahmed Thompson obviously has missed a lot of time, so I think that's helped Tar Heeson. But he's played so well over the last few games that, you know, I I think he's forced his way into that rotation. And he was coming off the bench. Even when he's not playing that many minutes, he's still rebounding at a crazy high rate. You know, he's giving you a a bunch of steals. He's giving you some blocks. Last 5 games for Ethan, 16 points, 10 rebounds, 2.2 steals, 53% from the field in 28 minutes. So love to our Ethan, especially if you're in, like, a 14 or 16 team league. He absolutely has to be rostered. You're probably starting him, in those leagues. And if you could stomach you know, if you could hold him in a 12 team league, I would do it. I would do it. I I you get you gotta be realistic about what the upside is here. You know, the Rockets have a lot of mouths to feed. You know, Jalen Green, Fred VanVleet, Alpern Shangoon, their 1st rounder, you know, Jabari Smith last year. Like, Tara Euston still ranks relatively low in the pecking order, but he's one of those guys that doesn't need to be, you know, your number 2, number 3, number 4 option either. Like, he just finds ways to impact the game. So definitely hold him. Yeah. Aditya passing along. Mitchell is officially questionable. Good call there. We got that up at Rodewire, but thanks for the reminder. Alright. Timothy asked, is a SAAR a drop in a 12 team league? Yeah. We touched on him earlier. I I think he has to be, man. Especially if you're in a weekly lineup league and, you you know, you gotta throw them out there and just kinda, you know, play the whims of Monty Williams. It's really hard to trust. And, you know, even with some guys, you know, out of the lineup in that front court the last few games, the the minutes have not been there. Detroit just gets blown out. Like, it what? 8 out of 10 games, they're losing by, like, 20 plus. And, you know, Thompson's young enough that you think that would really affect him, but they're emptying up the bench, you know, for a lot of 4th quarters. And, you know, early in the season, when he had that great run, I mean, he was playing, you know, mid thirties at least, even high thirties in terms of minutes on a lot of nights. So if he's only playing 22 minutes a game, he's just not gonna give you the numbers. So, yeah, unfortunately, then I I I think I would drop Assad. You know, he's somebody that's always gonna be in the back of your mind of, like, man, I I we've seen the upside. It's like you you should be in a good fantasy situation. I would drop him now. And if they trade Bogdanovic at some point, I think maybe that's what what reopens the window for Asar Thompson later in the season. DTM mentions that Tar Heelsson got more minutes than than some of the starters in the Rockets last game. That is true, man. It is. And, you know, Jabari Smith is somebody who only played 23 minutes. He did have 4 fouls, so that was part of it against Cleveland in that overtime loss, on Monday. But, you know, Jabari Smith is also a guy who tends to float around. Right? And if he if he's not giving you a whole lot on any given night, you know, you could see Ime Udoka pretty easily pivoting to Tara Eason. And I I don't think we see Tara Eason, you know, take over the starting job for Brooks or Jabari Smith. I'd be pretty surprised, especially given the level of investment that they have in Jabari, and and he's played pretty well on balance, you know, after a really disappointing rookie season. I actually like what I've seen from him for the most part. So it's not like he's playing his way out of the starting lineup. But, if Tara Yousef could basically just be your 6 man, that's fine. You know, that's totally fine. And, you know, Jayshaun Tate played on Monday, played about 16 minutes. Yep. They're still handing Jeff Green a ton of minutes. He played 24. He's played well. 6 of 6 from the field. So, you know, it's not like they they need to kick him out of rotation. But you you'd love to see some of those minutes more consistently go to Tahir Eason. Alright. George says thoughts on Kelvin Johnson. Can he sustain his numbers the rest of the season? Most likely. Yeah. I mean, the Spurs are kinda like the the Pistons in some ways and the Wizards and the Blazers and these other teams that are at the bottom where, you know, they're they have their guys for the most part. You know, Webb Banyama's missed what? Two games. I think last night was the 2nd absence of the year, and they're still losing basically every night. So I don't I don't see any reason to to back away from that. It's not like Kelton Johnson is is winning you games. You know, he's been on a really nice run for the last month. Last 15 games, 19.7 rebounds, 4 assists. That's nice. You know, he's not a guy that that was really doing a whole lot of that in years past. He was at, you know, 2.9, 2.1 assist each of the last 2 seasons, and the minutes are about where they were during those last 2 years. You know, the steals have come in bunches for him. He's not very consistent in terms of racking up defensive stats, but, you know, he's had a couple games with with multiple steals, couple 4 steel games in the last 2 weeks. He's taken a ton of shots. You know, he gets to the line at a decent rate. And he started to shoot the 3 better as well. So yeah. I mean, San Antonio, again, like Detroit, those are both 2 teams that you you don't necessarily trust. But, I mean, Kelton Johnson has now played at least 31 minutes in 18 consecutive games. So if if we can't trust that sample, I I don't know what we can trust. So, yeah, I think his numbers are are pretty sustainable. Thoughts on Marcus Smart's return? Yeah. Marcus Smart. We got some indications earlier this week that he could be back as soon as tomorrow. They said he may return tomorrow night. Grizzlies are at home for the Pacers. After that, they're on the road at Atlanta. I think, like, worst case scenario, we see Marcus Smart back for the start of next week. And, you know, he has not played since November 14th. So pretty long layoff. It's a little bit shaky earlier in the season, but was giving you 2 steals a game, 5 assists. You know, that was without Jamborent, of course. So we we gotta see what that looks like. But, yeah, I've been holding him in IR in a couple of leagues. I'm not dropping him, you know, unique situation in that he played without Morant, and now Morant's back. So very possible that he loses a little bit of upside in terms of scoring and assists, but, always a guy who, you know, plays a ton of games, usually finds a way to finish inside the top 100. So I would I would hold him for the time being and just kinda see what it looks like over the next couple of weeks. Novel says, is Keontay George nearing a return? Yeah. Good question. They're taking a game to game with Keontae George. He's missed now 3 in a row. Was ruled out for tonight's game. That'll be number 4. You know, usually, you get the returns to practice notes, you know, some sort of indication that he's moving in the right direction. We have not really I've not really had that yet. You know, the Jazz did confirm about a week ago that he avoided a serious injury to that foot and ankle area, got an MRI, and there's there's no damage there. Cleveland's on the front end of a back to back tonight. Almost never do you see a player sit the front end and then come back on the back end, especially on the road. So I think he'll he'll remain out tonight. He'll probably remain out tomorrow. You know, maybe Saturday at Toronto, but, you know, Jazz are on a road trip right now. You know, they they continue at San Antonio on Tuesday, at New Orleans on Thursday. Given where they're at, you know, they're not really rushing him back. I wouldn't be surprised if, you know, maybe he doesn't play again until they're at home at the end of next week. So, might have to wait it out. It's gonna be a waiting game with Keontae George, and it's a shame too because he he had the best game of his career right before he got hurt. 30 points, 7 assists, against the Oklahoma City City Thunder on December 11th. I'm still a little tepid on him overall in category leagues. In points leagues, totally fine. You know, he's giving you points. He's giving you assists. You know, steals are are on and off, but he's shooting 36% from the field. And I I don't know if that number dramatically improves, you know, as we as as we move along. Alright. We'll do a couple more, then we'll get out of here. Thanks, guys, for the questions. Didn't really know how this would go going solo. Didn't know didn't think we would get to an hour, but we're almost there. Alright. Dub 4 says, is Ammen Thompson going to be a core part of the Rockets' rotation? Is he worth the pickup? I would say probably not worth the pickup. I I mean, he's certainly a core part of this team going forward. You know, you kind of forget now because he's missed so much time. I mean, it's his top five pick. Right? Somebody that we were really excited about. We he's supposed to be the better prospect compared to Asar Thompson. And, you know, unfortunately, injuries have just kind of eaten up his entire 1st 3rd of the season. He's only played 5 games so far. He came back, played 10 minutes. Last week, he get to San Antonio, immediately got hurt again. I I think I think Houston's playing really well right now by their standards. You know, they're hanging around in the playoff play and mix. They're one of the best defenses in the league. They have mouths to feed. They have minutes that need to be doled out. And I think the fact that Tara Easton has started to come on makes this an even bigger uphill climb for Ahmed Thompson. So he'll have his moments. No question. I'm I'm still pretty high on him long term, but he'll probably need an injury, I think, to play enough minutes to be fantasy relevant. I I I think we we might look back on the season and say, alright. It was kind of a developmental year, and then maybe next year is when we really see the full breakout for him. What are your thoughts on LaVert and Healed rest of season? 9 cat. Yeah. LaVert should have a pretty nice opportunity here with no garland. Right? I mean, he'll be the pretty clear number 2 option. I I know they're still bringing him off the bench right now. That seems to be the preferred role. You're gonna have to live with the variants for LaVert. You know, Buddy Heald is somebody. I wanna roster as much as I can. Got off to a bit of a slow start, but he's, you know, kinda back to being every other game, it feels like. But on balance, I mean, Buddy Hield is is still a really, really good fantasy player. You know, the volume from 3, that's where you're concerned about. I mean, he's losing about 6 minutes per game compared to last year. He's at 2.7. Made threes per game. Was up over 3 last season. But he almost never misses time. You know, he has played more games than anybody in the NBA by a mile, like, 25 more than anybody else, you know, since he entered the NBA. So even if you, you know, even if there's, like, a slight downturn in the per game stats, like, he's somebody who plays almost 80 games every year, and I think he can make up for it. Right now, he rates 21st in total made threes. He's been a guy who almost always finishes in the top 5, top 3 in that category. So that's a little bit concerning. But if if I'm choosing between the 2, I I I think I just want the dependability of Buddy Hield, especially in a category league. Alright. Couple more here, and then we'll head out. Should I trade Markkanen, Chet, and Wagner for Banchero and Tatum? I don't think I would do it. Especially if that's Frogs Wagner. No way. No way. I mean, Chet Holmgren in some formats has been the best fantasy player of that group. I understand there's some injury concern there. There there's some shutdown, maybe some injury concern with Markkanen. I always love getting Jayson Tatum because he's just so dependable. And, you know, as far as superstars go, doesn't miss a lot of time. And and, obviously, Ben Carroll's having a nice year. But I would I would not do this 3 for 2. I would I would hang on to the Markkanen Chet and and Wagner side of this. Again, especially if that is Franz Wagner, not Moe. Monk or Pat Williams? Gotta drop one for a streaming spot. Good question here from Dennis. You know, my my first inclination would be to drop Patrick Williams. He he is probable for tonight for what it's worth. Was dealing with a calf injury. Looks like he will play. Excuse me. You know, he's he's come out of late. I I think it was last year or 2 years ago. I remember him comparing himself to Kawhi. I don't know if we're ever gonna get that version of him, but last 13 games, he's had about 14 points, 5 rebounds per game. Good percentages. You know, he's given you about 2 threes per game as well. I I think I still lean Malik Monk, though. You know, Monk has been the more consistent score. He's given you a lot of assists too. That's been the nice, you know, nice trend for him this season. 5.2 assists per game. You know, not somebody that you ever really think about as a great passer. He's averaging 3.2 threes per game over his last 12. I I would I would go Malik Monk. I I think, you know, the Kings are just an ideal fantasy team as well. They play fast. They put up a lot of points. Sometimes they allow a lot of points. Chicago's dead last in the NBA in pace. And, yeah, I know they they still found ways for guys like Vooch and and Kobe White and DeRozan to have fine seasons, but it's just not a team that that really plays to the advantage, for fantasy. So I would drop Pat Williams and, go with Malik Monk. Alright. Appreciate the the merry Christmas, the happy holidays wishes, guys. George says thanks, Nick. Merry Christmas to you and your family. Same to you, man. Aditya, same thing. Merry Christmas to you and your loved ones. Same to all you guys. We really appreciate everybody jumping in on these streams so far this season. You know, going up to 5 episodes a week, doing these live. It's something new for us, but you guys have made it really fun. Hopefully, it's been helpful to you guys, and, you know, we'll keep these going. So we should have at least 3 or 4 episodes next week. Obviously, with the holiday, we got people traveling and things like that. But we'll keep these coming. We'll we'll be doing this throughout the entire regular season. Thank you. Merry Christmas to you as well, Nabel. Appreciate everybody jumping in and, and making this a lot of fun and allowing me to do a 62 minute solo podcast. I did not think that would be, how this one would go. So great stuff, guys. And we will be back at it tomorrow. We'll have doctor Ray and Rick Kamla. We'll have a regular waiver wire episode on Friday. I will be back on Monday with my guy, Alex Barutha. So we'll see you next week. Enjoy the holidays, and best of luck in your fantasy leagues.