Welcome into a Wednesday edition of the RotoWire Fantasy Basketball pod presented by our new sponsor, Smartbracket. If you've listened to this pod for the last couple of years, you've heard about Smartbracket before. They usually jump on board around this time of year, and that's because March Madness, just around the corner. Selection Sunday is, like, 3 days away, Brandon. I'm fired up for that. But before we dive into the madness, we wanna loop you in on one of our sponsors, supported intelligence. They've developed an AI tool called smartbracket.io that could really help when you're building your brackets this year. Think of smart bracket as that one friend who always has the inside scoop, thanks to something they call rapid recursive technology. It's like having a secret playbook for your March madness picks, making your bracket a bit smarter while saving you a ton of time. If you love the game and your bracket could use a bit of an edge or a full on strategy overall, smartbracket. Io is worth a peek. It's fun and easy to use while leveraging some brilliant AI technology. Might just give you those bragging rights you're after in your bracket pool. With March Madness around the corner, a little extra insight never hurt. When selection Sunday starts, check out smartbracket.io. Here's to enjoying the madness and making smarter choices along the way. Thank you. Supported intelligence. Brandon, we we don't have any ad reads that that end with a thank you to to the AI community, but I'm here for it. I've been, leaning more into AI recently. I I use of the last couple of weeks. I've been using chat GPT for so many odds and ends sort of things. I probably shouldn't admit this, but I'm almost positive my wife doesn't listen to an NBA fantasy podcast. Our anniversary our 7th I mean, maybe our 7th wedding anniversary was the other day. I'm sitting there, and we've all had this moment. You sit there with a birthday card or or an anniversary card, and you just you're not having that spark of inspiration of what do I write. I actually chat GPT'd it, or you say nice things to say in an anniversary card. And I didn't copy it, but just gives you a couple of thought starters. So if we can use this now for that, we can use it to fill out brackets. Like, there's no limits here. So rather than being afraid of it, Nick, I am leaning right into it. Okay. Even in my love life. Fair enough. Let's, what do you say we talk to basketball? Right? We we had some games in the NBA last night. We'll do some recapping there. We got a big Wednesday slate coming at us. You already submitted your your prize picks for tonight. So really excited about that. We're going on week 3 now. Brandon, handing out a couple of prize picks. Wanna push everybody to rotorwire.com/picks. Really great hub. Hugely popular area on our site where, you could get insights on just about any, type of prop you may wanna throw down. And, you know, price picks, that's usually what we we recommend most. You know, you can sleeper, underdog, even helps you if you wanna do traditional, you know, prop betting over at DraftKings or FanDuel or BetMGM, wherever. So you've been using that tool, Brandon. Where did you go last night? How did it go, and where are we looking forward tonight? Last night was sort of a sort of a disaster for the last 2 days have not been good. I've hit a 2 day cold spell. I usually at least go 1 and 1. I got a little hot at the end of last week, and I've cooled right off. I was on Dante DiVincenzo. Yeah. That the over and I mean, the Knicks played great, but they just didn't need him to have an amazing game. And then, and then to and I stayed in that same game, Tobias Harris, for more than 6 and a half rebounds. I think he finished with about 3. The the 70 sixers couldn't do anything well. So let's move on past that. Let me also promote what I love using with when I because I go through my my prop selection. You know, I've told you I kinda Ouija board it. I let the I let the board come to me and then I'll go to rotor wire and see, does my opinion align with what the projection I don't wanna just blindly go into the projection tool, but I use it as sort of like, you know, it it makes me feel more assured that I'm on the right track. Austin Reeves, more than 24 and a half PRA points, rebounds, and assists tonight. I went and looked at that at the projection tool. Not only does it tell you what he has hit on that mark throughout the course of the season, it tells you what he's done in the last 10 games. It tells you if he's hit that in the last the percentages of the last 20 games against that specific opponent. You know how long this research would take me if I didn't have this projection tool, and it just does it for me. So I'm able to spit this stuff out a lot faster. 70% of the time, he has gone over 24 and a half PRA in the last 20 games. I love that. And he's hit it in his last 5. And then the other one, hometown guy, Jalen Suggs, back in the lineup. The magic needs some offensive juice. 1 and a half threes is his, projected total, so we're gonna take him for more than that. So those are the 2 picks tonight. I feel really good about it. I think we're getting back to our winning one tonight. Yeah. I like it. I like it. A lot of good data there. A lot of good explanations. I'm feeling confident. You talked me into it in, like, 2 minutes. And, again, go check out rotorwire.com/pics. Whatever site you play on, whatever book, whatever pick them site, we got a ton of information there. And if nothing else, it's a research tool. You know? I I don't recommend just, you know, blindly doing whatever, the picks tool recommends. You know, you wanna get your own input in there. But, you know, especially on a night like tonight, Brandon, when you got 9 games on the NBA slate, you you know, I pull up price picks or I pull up the book, and it's like, man, where where do I even begin? And you this is that's really what I use picks for most is to just, like, alright. This will at least give me a batch of players or a group of games, you know, that that seem to, kind of trigger some alarms, you know, as far as where the value may be. And And I'm but one of the things Go ahead. Sorry. I don't I just wanna break in. One of the things that I look forward and I and I don't follow this discipline to a tee every day because we're giving out these picks every single day. And sometimes you end up getting caught up trying to latch on to a streak where a guy is Luka Doncic is a good example where he had he had 6 straight 30 point triple doubles. So I took I took his over for his PRA the other day at 54a half. He had a 20 point triple double, and he still didn't hit it. So sometimes it can be it it's tough when you try and hop onto a moving train. I'm back to the basics today, and one of my more consistent disciplines is to hop on players or teams that need the bounce back. The lakers have not beaten this the Sacramento Kings yet this season, so you know they're gonna be extra locked in. The Magic haven't scored a 100 points in back to back games. They have no offense. And so where are they gonna get it from tonight? So some of those sort of disciplines of not just trying to hop on the moving train, but actually trying to catch the bounce back before it happens. Yeah. Lakers need it. Kings coming in on the 2nd night of a back to back. They have been terrible in these situations. 37 against the spread, on the 2nd night of back to backs this season. Yeah. What I was gonna bring up before was Sacramento just whipping the Milwaukee bucks last night. And, you know, I I was on Damian Lillard, you know, with some with some player props and DFS last night. Yeah. I thought he had really seemingly flipped the switch since the all star break. He was averaging, like, 4 made threes per game, 25 points. He was coming off a back to back, you know, 2010, double doubles. Giannis had played well. And this was one of those games, Brandon, where it reminded me of the first 40 games of the year where it's like, if you don't know who Damian Lillard is, you're watching this game, and he just he looked like just another guy. 2 of 12 shooting, you know, is very, very passive. You know, some of the shots were kinda forced end of the shot clock situations. You know, it didn't help that Milwaukee had an an ultra cold shooting night overall. Malik Beasley missed, like, 7 wide open corner threes. At one point, Sacramento, I think in the first half, was plus 24 from beyond the arc, in terms of points off a 3 pointer. So I I I, you know, I I think you chalk this up to just kind of an off night for a few guys from Milwaukee. Obviously, they still don't have Khris Middleton back, but then you look at the bench scoring. Right? And it's like you get you get absolutely nothing from Jake Crowder who started on the wing. Bobby Portis, you know, 11 points in 21 minutes. That's fine. Pat Connaughton, 2 of 9. AJ Green, 1 of 6. Patrick Beverly, 1 of 4. He got banged up in this game. Like, I I know getting Khris Middleton back, if he is Pete Khris Middleton, that's a huge f. But if he's Pete Khris Middleton, that solves a lot of Milwaukee's problems. I I still feel like, you know, there's gonna be times in the playoff series, you know, not even you know, we're not we're not even talking like eastern file. Like, this is something that can affect them early on where we look and say, man, they they just feel like there are still a guy short. It should not ever happen where you have Giannis and Damian Lillard sharing a basketball court and you can't get to a 100 points. How does that even happen? And not only did it happen last night, you could go, okay. We'll chalk it up to, just the they just had a bad night. They had an off night. They've done it a point 93. They've they've done it twice in the last 4 games. They're 1 and 3 in their last 4. And in 2 of those games, they've scored 94 or less. I don't understand how you have this collection of talent. There's still something even though they've put it together enough times for us to go, okay. You know, they're they're Milwaukee. They still have one of the best players in the world, and, the there's still they they have these games or these really these stretches throughout the season where, they just their chemistry isn't there, and it still feels like it hasn't gelled properly. Damian Lillard, I mean, I thought the I thought the all star break was exactly what he needed and not just the break, but the way that he performed and it reinserted some confidence, Patrick Beverly telling him he's the man and all of that good stuff. I just don't think he's the same guy anymore. And so they're really gonna have to cross their fingers and hope that he can put it together long enough to take this team deep through the Eastern conference playoffs because they feel like one of those teams that will be the higher seed, and everybody's gonna wanna take the underdog because we just don't trust Milwaukee. Lillard not being the same guy or being even a slightly diminished version of the guy he's been for his entire career is obviously a disaster scenario for Milwaukee because this is not, you know, this is not like LeBron and Wade trying to figure it out 1st year in Miami. And you're like, alright. Well, you know, they didn't win the title in 2011, but they'll they'll they'll be back. They'll figure this out, and they did. It's like if if Woodlood is not himself this year, it's not gonna get better going forward. Right? It's like he's not going to probably reverse that trend as he goes closer into his mid thirties. So that's it's very concerning for Milwaukee. I, you know, I don't I don't think we need to do any revisionism on the trade. I I still think it was something the Bucks had to do at that time. And, again, I think you can't really overstate how big of a deal it is to be without Khris Middleton for seemingly half of the season and, you know, even the games that he's played, a lot of those he's been limited. I know outside of Milwaukee, maybe that doesn't feel like that big of a deal, but the the depth that they sacrifice to bring in Lillard, it's like you're planning on Khris Middleton being out there. And I do think we see a different version of this team when he's back. That could be within the next few days, by the way. He was initially listed as questionable for last night's game. So I do think they get Middleton back in the mix soon enough, and that probably changes things. But, you know, does that push them over the top? You know, is that is that the piece that makes you feel good about them, you know, winning a 7 game series on the road at Boston? For me, probably not. You know? And and even if you were to get to the NBA finals, then it's it's Denver, it's it's the Clippers, it's whoever. It's it's it's hard to feel confident in this team. At the same time, Brandon, this whole this whole year has felt like a a train wreck is very strong. But it, you know, it hasn't gone like we thought it would, and the bucks are still sitting in second in the east. Right? So I think that's what you can fall back on. It's like it's this has felt like this hugely disappointing season, and yet they're kinda where we thought they would be. Yeah. They but we just we see the weaknesses there. Yeah. They have enough talent to win regular season. There's a lot of bad teams in the NBA. They have enough talent to just go out and win games Yeah. In the regular season. What we are seeing warts that you know are gonna show and present themselves in the playoffs. So I think we, as NBA fans, are savvy enough to see right through the overall record. This team is not built to be the 2nd seed. They're built to make it to the finals. You know? And the thing with that, obviously, it's not a direct comparison because the the heat team is, like, one of the best ever assembled. They still made it to the finals the 1st year in what felt like a really disappointing debut of the big three. Would you agree that if Milwaukee just makes it to that point, this has been a win? If they get to the finals and lose in the finals, they're good. That was not the case with Miami. Miami had to win or it was a failure. That's how that was built. I think, you know, Milwaukee would be disappointed, but if Milwaukee makes it past Boston and whoever in the eastern conference and then they lose to the nuggets in the finals, I think you can go, okay. That was a pretty good season. This was a this was a win for Milwaukee this year. I I think so. I mean, obviously, the Bucks and and Giannis would tell you if they lose the finals, that's not what they wanted. But I I think given where we are right now, if Milwaukee just makes the finals and, you know, if they lose in 6 games to Denver, you know, you're not gonna be like, oh, man. This was a total disaster. Yeah. Getting to the finals at this point, I think just emerging from the east, yeah, that would be huge. I think the difference between that and 2011 is that the Heat were, like, minus 200 to win that series. Right? And it's like not only did they get there, it's like it it felt like getting through the east was maybe gonna be their toughest challenge. I think you could argue, know, of all the teams that LeBron has faced in the finals in his career, it's like that that might have been the most winnable series he had. Right? I mean, that was obviously, it was a great Mavericks team. It wasn't wasn't an all time team. It wasn't a team that people circled and said, yeah. That's the team to beat this year. But, yeah, we'll see. I mean, we're gonna look either smart or or foolish 2 months from now. You know, Milwaukee is either gonna bow out in round in round 2 or or maybe they do make the finals. It wouldn't be that surprising whatsoever. But, yeah, some of the underlying metrics for Milwaukee, they've been better since the break. But then, you you know, these these games like last night, it it felt like in years past, you know, the Bucks just they don't just go and lose by by 35, you know, on the road, in Sacramento. Like, the the down game for Milwaukee to me have been a little bit more extreme this season. I do wanna note something. You know, you mentioned Milwaukee failing to get to a 100 points, which they've done a couple of times in the last couple weeks. I'm sure you've seen the narrative, you know, going around that, you know, there's there's been some whispers that maybe the NBA I think using the all star game as a catalyst, you know, I think that was the final straw for Adam Silver. Smart people that I've heard from, you know, have said that it's it's the refereeing maybe has tightened up a little bit, and that would explain why we've seen so many lower scoring games of late. And, you know, I I think it's easy to look at the extremes, like that 79, 73, Knicks Sixers game this past Sunday. But scoring in general is down significantly since the all star break. Like, the the average team pre all star break was averaging about a 115 points per game, just short of a 115 points per game. Post all star break, league average is sitting at about 111. That's a that's a pretty huge drop over the course of, like, a month. Yeah. What I don't know is one of those things that I would love to see. What does this look like every year? Because I I feel like this happens every season. The the you get past the all star break. Some teams are given up. Other teams that are good Yeah. Like like Milwaukee. You know? Milwaukee, Boston, these top teams that know that their real season is about to start in a month, they're, like, ready to get on with it. And Sure. So you only have a few teams that that are really putting their best foot forward that care about these games like they're big games. And then and even those teams, they're dog tired at this point. All of these back to backs, 3 games in 4 nights. I think the season just catches up with you. That would be my assessment is not so much an official's thing, but just, an exhaustion of the season and kinda like the dog days in the summer of baseball where you're like, is this ever gonna end? That I I get the feeling that these players are sort of in that mode. But in order to back that up, I would have to look at what happens post all star break over the last several seasons. Well, I will say, I mean, average free throw attempts per game are also down by about 3, free throw attempts per game per team. So that would you know, there may be something there. But, yeah, I mean, I don't think the NBA is a good like an e they're like an email from Adam Silver that he sends out during the all star break? Like, hey, guys. Ease up on those whistles. Yeah. Well, I mean, Milwaukee took 35 free throws last night, so it's it's case by case. But it it is interesting that, you know, we've had 5 games where a team has scored 80 or fewer points this year, and they've all come in the last 2 plus weeks, which is something to monitor, something to keep an eye on. We're not seeing as many of those. Yeah. I've watched about 4 of those. They're ugly. Yeah. Well, Orlando was involved in a couple of them. Portland has been a a culprit as well. Let's talk rocket Spurs. Another big night for Victor Wibanyama. Relatively big. I mean, this this actually goes down as, like, an off night for him, and he still has a, you know, a double double with 6 assists, 2 blocks, and a steal. But I I think the the Houston side of this is more interesting because we really had no sample of what this rotation would look like without Shanggu. He only missed one game all season prior to last night. Rockets end up going with a smaller starting lineup even against somebody, who obviously has size in Webinayama. So they go Jabari Smith, Ahman Thompson, Dillon Brooks, Fred VanVleet, and Jalen Green. They did not have Cam Whitmore last night for what it's worth. We thought Joc Landale, you know, would maybe be the obvious fill, and he's kind of the only other real center on the roster. They do have Boban. Didn't even play a minute last night. So I I think, you know, any any delusions of of Boban joining the rotation without Shangoun are are probably dead. But Landau did play 26 minutes off the bench, 11 points, 5 assists, 4 boards, 2 steals, and a block. I I'm interested in Landale, you know, in a deeper league, especially, you know, 14, 16 teams. I think he's probably worth grabbing. I think, you know, there might be some nights in certain matchups where they do throw him in the starting lineup, but by default, you know, he he might be a 25, 30 minute guy. He also had 4 fouls last night. So, you know, it's tough to say if that, you know, may have impacted his minute ceiling. This is just a team that doesn't really have a whole lot of depth at center. They don't really have an avenue to add somebody at this point. I don't think they really care. And and as we know, if you're if you're just tuning in, outbreak Shangoon, very unlikely to return at any point this season. Still on Shangoon, though, somewhat good news. Right? I mean, the the injury, they ended up diagnosing it as a grade 3 ankle sprain, which kinda feels like a victory based on how that looked. Oh my god. Yeah. You mean, I when I first saw that, I thought, well, he's he's gonna miss part of next season. Right. That was my first thought when he went down. So this is a sucks for this year and for those that are entering the playoffs and and we're relying on his production because he's probably been your best player, second best player. So sucks that you lose that. But but on the, you know, for us in the fantasy community and and those that rank, you don't have to really worry too much about Shangoon and where you're gonna play some next year. It should be fine. The Landell thing is interesting because I feel like they just threw him in there to beat up Victor Wimbanyama last night. He was able to mop up some stats on top of it. Wimpanyama should have had a much bigger stat line going up against the lineup this small. I wanna see this guy. He is extremely skilled. That goes without saying. Like, the the his handles, his ability to shoot the 3, step back, shoot threes, his, his his blocking around the rim. He he his skill is insane. Passing, you know, you've detailed that here on this podcast, probably the most underrated part of his game. The thing that I haven't really seen him do enough of outside of a few highlights is bully ball. I want it I wanna see him go. You're gonna put a guy who's 6 8 on me, really, and and just take it to him. And he had the opportunity to do that last night against the smaller Houston Rockets lineup and just didn't see that. That's the kind of progression that I wanna see from Victor Wemenyama. Because once he adds that part to his game, he'll be literally unstoppable. Yeah. I mean, I I have I I'm out of superlatives when it comes to Wabanuyama. I don't I don't think we need to go down that road again and and burn 10 minutes on me talking about why I'm taking him number 1 in Fantasy next year. But you you're right on the passing, man. I mean, 6 assists last night. And, you know, San Antonio went 11 of 36 from 3. Like, he's leaving assists on the table every single night. And, you know, I I was kinda going in and out of this game on league pass. You know, I saw saw a clip that somebody tweeted of Devin Vassell literally dribbling the entire possession and having, like, 4 opportunities to pass to Wameyama and just, like, running into him and backing up. Like, it it's still, like, a bad situation for Wemenyama teammates wise, context wise, and he's still putting up these numbers. I I think Wemenyama like, you can get his assist prop most nights at, like, 3a half. I love that. Absolutely love that. And, you know, it you're you're relying on some shaky shooting, I think, to to come through on certain nights, but I do think the market is lagging behind a little bit when it comes to. And, you know, it it was something that was discussed a little bit, you know, coming into the draft, but everybody focused on the defensive potential, the jump shot, you know, the that the handles. I I think the the thing that really separates, I think, the truly, truly elite players in the NBA is is almost all those guys could pass. Right? If you're gonna be a top five player in the NBA, like, love to our is a bad bad example because he he could pass. Try to think about, you know, who who's like a points rebounds guy, you know, or, you know, some of these these big men who don't quite have have that that vision that Webanayama has. It's like I think you Embiid? Well, yeah. I mean, Embiid's assist numbers have been better. I think he's grown as a passer a lot. I think Giannis early in his career, you could say that, but he's improved a ton as a passer. I mean, these guys are top 5 players. So maybe it's a bad example. But, yeah, I think Webb and Yamah has the elite vision that you just cannot teach. Like, that is I'm a pretty firm believer as somebody who's watched a lot of basketball, played a lot of basketball. That's you you can't just teach someone to to have that level of vision. You know, you you either have it or you don't early in your career. Yeah. Yeah. That's an innate trait, and and that's what separates the the the Uber greats, the Lebron's, Doncic, Jokic, now Victor Wemenayana very quickly. Exactly. Yeah. Joclay and Dale. You know, the those guys, they Yep. There's a lot of talent in this league, but the guys that see the game 3 steps ahead and and are able to to to set up their their teammates and make guys around them better. That's what separates the guys that are really good from the guys that are among the league's best. And it's incredible that we're already having that conversation about Victor Wimbanyama. You're to start a franchise today. You know, and I know in fantasy, you're already ready to take him number 1 in 20 twenty four's draft, but, like, I don't know how many guys I would get through Yep. If any if I was starting a franchise today just in general. It's him. It's him. I I mean, yeah, you you could say there's a case for Jokic, SGA. If if I mean, if you really wanna throw Giannis in there, sure. But, no, it's it's Wemenyama. If you if if we're starting a league wide fantasy draft right now, there is no way anybody but Victor Wemenyama would go number 1. Speaking of assist, by the way, I gotta read off the stat. I looked this up the other night when I was watching the Nuggets, and it was because of MPJ was taking some insane shots, and I was just like, what is his assist rate? And his his assist rate is actually not as bad, as it was earlier in his career, but I then looked into, like, who who had, like, the worst assist rate ever? 2014, 15, Hassan Whiteside. You know, this is peak Whiteside. LeBron LeBron's back in Cleveland. Heat are looking for something. They they sign Whiteside. Hassan Whiteside played 1,142 minutes that season, and he had 6 total assists. One assist per 190 minutes played. That's not great. He he was the kinda guy Impressive. The second it he would well, the second he would get the ball, that man was trying to put it in the rim every single time. Yeah. He wants to try to pass. Tell you that. No. I was hopping it up like way into, like, half assists per game. That's crazy. A 190 minutes per one assist. Yeah. He, he he was very he's very one dimensional in the way that he, the way that he approached the game. I think that's why you yeah. Mine's what Miami was willing to move off of that even though they overpaid him. Yeah. Well, he he ended up in Sacramento. He he always kinda felt like he was on the collision course to to be a Sacramento king. Alright. Speaking of the Rockets rotation, Paul says, I picked up Ammen Thompson right after Shangoon's injury. Not sure what to do with him after yesterday's performance, trying to stick with the give a player 3 games rule, which in general, I think is a good strategy. But what do you guys think? So I I you know, it's tough for Shengoon because, obviously, Landale is the one to 1, you know, positional. Alright. Makes sense. Some minutes would go to him type of fit. But, you know, a man could kinda play all over. Right? I mean, he's played a ton of minutes at shooting guards, ball forward, even power forward this season. So I think there is some trickle down there. And, you know, he he was back in the starting lineup for the first time in a month last night. Yeah. Like you said, Paul, I didn't really do much. 23 minutes, you know, 6 points, 4 boards, 2 assists, 1 steal. I, you know, I I would give it some time. I mean, he's one of those guys that it feels like every 2 or 3 games, he'll just give you, like, 6 combined steals and blocks. And I I think that's really what's gonna be most dependable with him. He's a great great rebounder for his size and for his position eligibility. So I I still think there's something here. I mean, what what you you do have to keep in mind, though, is is Cam Whitmore. But he's gonna be out, you know, for at least 3 weeks. So and this could be a situation where we don't even see Whitmore again this season. So if Whitmore was coming back, like, later this week, I'd be a little more concerned. But I I think because of that, you know, you're gonna have a longer runway here with with the man Thompson. You know, this is where the shangoon injury could it could actually turn out to be a positive for the Houston Rockets because and especially with the diagnosis of it not being that serious, but they are in developmental mode. They already know what they have in Alparina, and he's developed in a big way this year. I don't know that another month in the season was gonna make him an extremely, more improved basketball player from what we've already seen from him. I'm in Thompson now gets an opportunity to slide into that starting lineup, and they're not just gonna feed him, but he's gonna have opportunities. And this is sometimes when we see rookies that have not really hit their stride yet, put together a few good games. I think this happened with Jabari Smith a bit last year where he just was struggling to find his spot. In the end of the year, they just said hoop, and he started to really put it together. I think Ahman Thompson could be looking at something just like that. Yeah. Jabari Smith is somebody I'm curious about too. I I actually was hoping we'd see a little bit more of a boost from him last night. I mean, kind of a tough matchup. You know, he was he was matched up with Wabanuyama for for a decent chunk of the night. We did still hit his points over on the Roadwire NBA show. That was 14 and a half. He got to 15. You know, you would think that, you know, he's somebody that we saw last night. You know, slides up to center. Well, he's already playing a decent amount of minutes, so we'll we'll see if there's, you know, much more of a ceiling there. But, you know, Jamari Smith is tough because he's, you know, we we talked about this a lot last year too. I mean, he's kind of a super role player. Right? And we we knew that going into the draft. You know, he's not somebody who's going to command shots. You know, he's not gonna go get the ball and go 1 on 1. And we know Dillon Brooks will do that. We know Fed Van Fleet will do that. We know Jalen Green will do that. Ken Whitmore when he's out there. One of the highest usage Ken Whitmore has a higher usage rate than Paul George on the season, by the way. So I I think Jabari Smith in some ways, you know, he's kind of a victim of of the situation. I I'm still pretty in on him, as far as what he can be long term, but, you know, I I I I don't like, the the thought of him, you know, just having a higher usage guy in the context of this Rockets roster, I don't know how realistic that's going to be. Christian says, good morning, fellas. Good morning, Christian. I need to trade away Laurie Markkanen in a points league. Yes. You do. Thoughts on some targets with high upside for silly season. Yeah. I I think a lot of people are in this situation, man. You know, they're they're still going game to game with Markkanen. He missed his 4th straight last night with what it's apparently just like a Bruce squad. I I think, you know, the writing's been on the wall for a little bit here with Utah. I think they're okay kind of back in their way out of this thing, trying to preserve, their their draft pick to the best of their ability. Yeah. It's it's really tough to say if this is a shutdown. Like, I wouldn't be shocked either way. I mean, this would be a lot they still have a a decent chunk of games remaining. Right? I mean, there's there's, what, like, 16, 17 games left, I believe, for them. So the fact like, I wouldn't say marketing is just done for the year, but I think we're kinda in the Jaren Jackson zone with him where it's like, he could come back, play a few games. It's back to back. We'll we'll sit out. Like, it it's just not a situation that you wanna be a part of. So if you can offload him, I will say you you may have missed the window, you know, as far as returning the type of value that you might want. But at the same time, you know, I I think there's still a way you can come out on top here, from a game's played perspective. So where do we draw the line, Brandon, as far as, like, what what zone of players should you try to be shopping in? Yeah. It's a good question. I've been, trying to come up with some names as you were going through that explanation, and it does seem like a really good time to well, a good time to move off of a few weeks ago. But now if you you know, you're desperate to just find somebody that can give you, something a little bit more reliable, just looking at overall points and guys like Austin Reeves been lighting it up as of late. You know, I'm on his points, rebound, and assists over tonight. He's been really consistent, reliable. That could be a guy that, you know, maybe he's not the star that Markkanen is, but he's been, but he's been really reliable in terms of his production. That could be a guy you look at. Miles Turner, if somebody's willing to flip him, he's been blocking shots like crazy lately. And that Pacers defense has actually turned things around. Yeah. I mean, that's just if you're in the need to to to offload. If you could get Miles Turner, you gotta do it. I just I don't think you can even like, if anybody is paying attention, I don't think they're giving you Miles Turner. Right? I mean, that's a team that, like, they they gotta play this thing out. They're trying to avoid the play in. I I think Miles Turner is, like, too good right now for for you know, I think anybody you're trying to you're trying to shop marketing to, they're gonna know the same thing that we know. Right? And be like, well, I don't even know if this guy's gonna play again. Like, is he gonna play 50% of the games the rest of the way? Right. I I think you gotta aim lower, to be honest. You know, Jabari Smith, honestly, is the name who comes to mind. I I think if you could get Jabari Smith at this point, I would think about it. You know, you could you could try, like, the precious route. I know there's some concern that, you know, once Julius Randle comes back, maybe his minutes decrease. You know, Mitchell Robinson allegedly is still coming back at some point. Kelly out there, Toronto. I mean, I I truly think that's kind of the the type of player you need to be looking for. You know, like, these these guys who rank, you know, like, 70 to a 100. Like, I I really think you're gonna have to take a pretty steep discount to get off of marketing right now. I would prefer to go the 2 for 1 route rather than just give up on him like that in the case that he does come back because, man, you're taking a bath if that's the case. I mean, you're probably right. Like, there's no reason for anybody to accept the deals that I just offer. I would start with that, wait for the decline, and then hit them with the reality. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's fair. Alright. Paul says 12 team, 9 cat league. I currently have the following guys on waivers, Scoot, Amen, and Suggs. Do I drop any of those 3 to pick up these available players? Cam Johnson, Kyle Anderson, Bruce Brown, Andrew Nembhard, or Derek Lively. Yeah. That's interesting. You know, Kyle Anderson's missed a missed a game the other night. I'm not not super enthused with him overall. You know, Cam Johnson's missed the last 3, but he is probable to play tonight, so he should be back in the mix. Had played well before his his latest injury. I'll I'll let you talk about Suggs. Is he somebody you'd consider dropping, or do you wanna hold him? No. He was out for a couple of games, but he should he's right back in the mix tonight. And the magic he's been playing I'll give you a reason to feel good about Suggs. He has played infinitely better on Yeah. The home floor. He is the energy guy. He brings the the juice in the building, and, he's just one of those like, a lot of role players. They probably better better in their home arena. The magic play the rest of the month. They have one road game left in the month of March. So he is gonna this is probably this could be his most productive month of the entire season. This is not the time to move off of him. Okay. Okay. Yeah. On Bruce Brown, he started the other night, and, you know, Toronto's down like everybody right now. And, you know, I think some of those guys are coming back, some aren't. But they were without, you know, Quickley, Trent, you know, RJ Barrett's missing time. He's gonna miss another game coming up with a personal issue. Obviously, and Barnes are out. Boucher is gonna miss time. So, like, I I've never really been a Bruce Brown guy. I I've I've always thought he's been a little bit overrated, especially in terms of fantasy, but I I think Toronto is just out of dudes, and he's gonna play big minutes. So I I I think of of those guys, Bruce Brown to me is probably the most appealing. I'm I'm not a huge Nembhard guy. I know he's starting. I know he's playing minutes. He's very hit or miss night tonight. Kyle Anderson, like we said, did not play, you know, on Sunday against the Lakers. Returned, played 29 minutes against the Clips last night. Looked okay. 10 points, 7 assists, 5 boards. He's not gonna give you a ton of consistent defensive production. He's obviously not gonna hit any threes. So in a category league, if if you need assists, I think Kyle Anderson makes sense. If you're doing okay in assists, I would I would stay away. Yeah. So, I the scoot thing, I still struggle with because, I just wanna see so much more out of him. I'm in Thompson. We just talked about him. I don't think this is the time to move off. They're gonna give him a lot of runway. And Suggs, I think this would be the one of the worst times of the year to move off of of that particular player. He's gonna give you the threes. He's been hitting those at a much higher rate this year. The steals will be there, and all of that ticks up at home. I would I I really like Andrew Nembhard. I I think that the way that Indiana is starting to play this you know, they got through that little rough spell after the all star break. I I sat back and watched the Indiana Oklahoma City game. This is a completely different unit. They they they they have finally really infused Caliakam into this lineup, and they're starting to play some real defense too. And Andrew Nembhard is a big part of what they wanna do right now, especially with Ben Matherin not a part of the mix. They need all these other guys to step up, And I really like the way he's playing, so I would I would swap Scoot out for Nembhard and keep the other 2. Alright. We got a question from loyal viewer, Matt Carmody. Says, hey, guys. Would you drop Buddy Heel for Michic or Scoot in a head to head points league? It says playoffs start next week. Yeah. I mean, Hield becomes less valuable in a points league. We know that. Right? He's one of those one of those guys who has, like, kind of the biggest difference between, category and points league value just because of the high volume threes. You know, he's he's been fine as a as a passer, you know, serviceable as a rebounder. It's not like he's kinda corporate here. He does some other things, but, I I think it's a reasonable question in a points league for sure. I mean, Mitchel is is so interesting. He's tethered so tightly to Trey Mann and LaMelo Ball, and I feel like we say this every week. I I don't think LaMelo is coming back at this point, man. And and if he does, you know, whatever. I mean, it's it's been such a long layoff. I don't really know what the point would be of bringing it back as a plate since January 26th. They're they're kinda running out of time. They're playing out the string. You know, Trey Mann is questionable to return tonight. I I think, you know, Mitchel could still have some value if one of those guys is back. Obviously, if LaMelo comes back, both man and Mitchel take a huge hit. But I Vicic just look good, man. He he started 5 in a row now. In that span, he's averaging 14, 6, and 4 with a steal. You know, doesn't do much from beyond the arc. He's not a good shooter, but in a point sleeve, that doesn't matter as much. And then Scoot, on the other hand, you know, he's a better points league guy. Right? He's kind of the anti healed because he's a terrible shooter. He turns it over a ton, but he is gonna give you the counting stats. And I I think they're gonna unleash him going forward. So we we've been saying this all year. There will be a time when it makes sense to roster Scoot Henderson, and this this may be the time, especially in a points league. So I'll ask you. Buddy Heeled or Scoot Henderson? Yeah. I I think I'd I'd rather have scoot. I I can't quit this guy all season long. I I was way too in on him at the start of the season and yeah. Hell, we're into mid March already, and and there's still a debate to be had on this guy. I, I've been too in on him for too long to hop off that bandwagon right now. But Yeah. I mean, Mitch has been really good. He's led the team in points or assists on, either one or the other, sometimes both on, numerous occasions over the last several nights, and they still have 3 games left this week. Next week, though, just to, you know, if you're if you've gotta set your lineup for a full week, they only play twice. They've had 2 a game on Tuesday Saturday, so they get a bunch of time off after this week. Something to because I'm something to consider for those. There's a reason why I was looking at the, the article that you guys put out. Yeah. This past Sunday, the the waiver wire guys was like the entire hornet's roster, and Mitchel was, was part of that. He's delivered. Yeah. Well, that's that's kinda where we're at right now at this point in the season. Good question here for Dennis. 3 games of Lively or Royce O'Neil this week. I I I think I would go Lively. You know, the Dallas frontcourt is still kinda messy. It's like all all three of Washington, Gafford, and Lively are all playing minutes now. And Gafford, by the way, I mean, we left it for dead a week and a half ago when he was playing, like, you know, 11 minutes a game. He has since gone 28 for 28 from the field, over his last 4 games. 28 for 28 from the field. I will repeat, coming off of one of his better games of the season. I mean, last 3 games, he started an average 16, 7, and 2 and a half blocks. But Lively, you know, returned against Chicago the other night and had had a huge game in his own right. I mean, that was a blowout. So, you know, Nuggets ended up winning that or nuggets. Mavericks ended up winning that by, I think, 35. He had 22 points on 11 of 12 shooting. You know, I I think there are certain nights where one of those guys is gonna be squeezed out. You know, maybe maybe it's Washington given that he's been the guy who's played worse over the last couple of weeks, but, I I personally would would favor Lively over O'Neil. I think he's gonna give you a higher floor. I think he's got a pretty good matchup at home tonight against the warriors. Another good matchup tomorrow against an OKC team that that also lacks size. Yeah. I think this comes down to which team do you trust more. I have no idea what Brooklyn's doing this time of year, so I I kinda wanna get out of that business. And Well, Royce O'Neil's on the Suns. Bad news. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. I yeah. Drake's right. Okay. I'm sorry. I was I was looking at his Brooklyn numbers. If you wanna talk if you wanna trash the bets, that's totally fine. Not sure how that's relevant. But Oh, man. I gotta brush up on my on my, my deadline news. Yeah. No. But either way, Derek Lively was still gonna be my, either way, Derek Lively was gonna be my choice here. Both of these guys are gonna give you games where you get absolutely nothing, but Lively seems to be more part of the mix of what Dallas wants to do moving forward. And, you know, the yeah. You're gonna get that sort of rotation where Daniel Gafford is gonna get his, but, I I still think in terms of consistency, Derek Lively is is, is bringing it more so than Royce O'Neil formerly Yeah. Of the Brooklyn Nets. Alright. We have a question on Jaren Jackson. Is he gonna be shut down soon? My Yahoo league trade deadline is already over, so maybe a drop. Our our question asker says he's representing the Taiwanese fans, by the way. So thank you. We we are a global show. We strive to be, and we we appreciate the support there. Yeah. Definitely a shutdown candidate. I think Jaren Jackson and Laurie Markkanen are basically in the exact same zone right now. They they actually have the same injury as well. Jaren Jackson's been a little bit more consistently in the lineup, but if you look at, you know, really the last month since the start of February, it's like missed 2 games, play 4. Missed 1, plays 3. Missed 3, play 3. You know, didn't play last night against Washington. They're saying now, that he's gonna be questionable for tonight's game against Charlotte on a back to back. After that, they they don't have another back to back until the second to last week of the season. So I I think Jackson's still gonna be in and out of the lineup. I I do think there's a a decent chance that they just completely pull the plug at the end of the year, but we also got news earlier this week that Desmond Bane is apparently planning to return at some point. So it's like if if you're bringing Desmond Bane back to play to to play a handful of games at the end of the year, it's like I it doesn't really line up that you would shut Jared Jackson down. I kinda love this, Memphis Grizzlies team right now. They had every reason, and maybe they've tried and just been unsuccessful to completely pack it in and do everything that they can possibly do to lose basketball games. They are so competitive night tonight. More so than some of the other teams that really should we should be saying this about. They are a scrappy group, and I I think there's the there's sort of like a culture. It has to be a culture thing within the organization. What that tells me is they're not as interested in the shutdown guy as some of these other teams. Like, we've been worrying about Portland all year. I I don't think they're gonna get into that business. If a guy can play, he can play. They're not gonna throw somebody out there who's not ready, but, yeah, I mean, I've gained a lot of confidence in what Memphis is doing. And I don't even know if it's smart, but, I just I I respect their approach because this is a team that as as somebody who bets the NBA night tonight, you can still bet the grizzlies, and that's not something you can say about a lot of bottom dwellers. It it's not for the faint of heart. I'll tell you that, especially when they're playing teams like Charlotte and and Washington. It's like good luck figuring that out. But, yeah, I mean, they've they've they've been about as competitive as they could be despite fielding half of a g league roster. Yeah. Washington last night, by the way, was a road favorite in Memphis for the first time all season. First time all year, Washington had been a road favorite, and they end up losing that game by double digits. I wanna finish on this. Which so which team we get a lot of questions this time of year about shutdowns, rotations, things of that nature. Obviously, all the teams that are in the play and mix and above, I I I think those teams are good. You know, it's like at the at the end of the year, it's like if Boston's up 8 games in the east. Yeah. Like, maybe maybe they get, you know, Tatum and Brown take a couple games off, but not really worried about that. Of the of the teams that are below the playing zone, who do we trust? Who do we not trust? You know, I I think Portland, Memphis, Utah, those are the 3, that have kind of been a thorn in our side. I think Charlotte's in that mix. But, you know, you talk about a team like Memphis still being competitive, still playing out the strings, still trying to bring someone like Desmond Bane back. You know, what what do we think about, you know, Toronto, Detroit, Washington? Are are we worried about any shutdowns there? Yeah. I mean, with I think Detroit, you have to be it would be so foolish for them to do that, though. They're bad with whoever they throw out there, so I don't think it's really all that necessary. They need to develop. Portland would definitely be we've been worried about that. They might be at front of the list. Utah, we've talked about them. They're definitely one of those teams. Wouldn't shock me with Brooklyn. You know? That's why I brought them up before. This is, this is a team that right now is, they're 3 and a half games back on a play in spot. They're kinda going nowhere fast, and I don't think it would take many more losses for them to just say, let's pack it in and McHale Bridges. Maybe we don't see him, for the rest of the year. But, you know, I can't see really Toronto doing it. They don't feel like the kind of organization that goes that route. Yeah. I'm at Toronto Toronto, I worry about a little bit. For one, they have the injuries that, you know I I think what Scotty Barnes went down, it was like Does that count as a shutdown, though? Not really. Not really. But I I think an injury like that kinda gives you carte blanche as an organization to be like, alright. Well, our hands are tied. You know, what what are we gonna do? And as we mentioned on the show a number of times, they owe a top 6 protected pick to the San Antonio Spurs. That would be eve even in this draft, which everybody says is bad, and I'm telling you, it's not gonna be that bad. You don't wanna just hand over the 6th pick. I don't care. Like, there's not a single draft where you're just like, yeah. Whatever. We we don't want this lottery pick. And and I I think that's something that they're going to be cognizant of going forward. And Yeah. Who could they shut down, though? Like, if and it's Scottie Barnes is the only one that we would consider. Merit? I I don't know, man. I mean, I I'm just saying. Like, they are right now, they have the 7th worst record, and they're basically tied with the Memphis Grizzlies for that. Like, they they wanna get to 6 if they can. They like, I know it's a difference of, like, 4 percentage points or whatever, but that matters. Like, I holding on to that pick, I I think for Toronto right now would would be pretty huge. Whether you wanna use it, whether you wanna trade it, whatever. I I just I I think if I'm Toronto, I'm I'm doing everything I can to give myself the best odds to not send the number 6 pick to the San Antonio Spurs. Yeah. That's a good point. I mean, that that sort of information is, you know, that's invaluable this time of year. I just don't know that they really there's some teams that just don't need to put in extra work to be where they need to be. Is RJ Barrett really worth? How many wins is RJ Barrett worth? I'm not I'm just not overly concerned. I think that Scottie Barnes, worrying about the we may have seen the last of Scottie Barnes. I think that that is a fair that would be a fair assessment. But, yeah, I mean, the the that's it. That's the beauty of the play in tournament. You have teams that are, you know, hovering around that 9, 10 range in the east and and the west. They're like, we're not even considering them. Those teams want to be involved, all of them. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Alright. We'll end on this. Good question for Matt. He says, do you think Luca will be suspended in the fantasy playoffs? He has 2 more technical fouls left. Yeah. It's not we we go through this every year, I feel like, at the end of the season with Luca where, you know, a lot of guys reach that like, they they get right close to that threshold, and then they can somehow, you know, keep their their tempers under control. It's something to monitor. I I wouldn't worry too much about it. Like, I I certainly wouldn't be, like, trying to trade Luca because I'm worried he might be suspended for a game because because of Tex. I mean, Dallas is one of those teams that needs to win games to try to stay out of the play. And so I I think yeah, you know, Luca could be a bit of a hothead at times, but I I think he can get it under control. And I just don't think there's a whole lot we could do fantasy wise. Right? It's like it's something that's in the back of your mind, but, you know, I'm not I'm not trying to get off of Luka Doncic because of that fear. Yeah. I've I've a tough enough time predicting how these games are gonna go. I definitely can't predict who's gonna get teed up. And Luca doesn't feel like a he's not like a dream on green hothead who actually loses his cool. Luka Doncic is very calculated in the way that he complains, and then sometimes he gets teed up because of it. If he knows that he's got a suspension looming, he'll he'll dial it back. I think it's more like euro complaining than anything else. It's like he grew up watching soccer, so he knows what that life is like. Alright. Thanks for all the good questions in the chat, guys. We're gonna wrap it up here. We will have doctor Ray and Rick Kamla back at you tomorrow afternoon. Actually, probably tomorrow around, around noon EST. You can keep an eye out for them. We'll have the waiver wire episode on Friday. Shannon, Ken, and Alex Barutha. Brandon, you'll be stopping by the XM show, later this week. Tomorrow, we're gonna have you on to talk some hoops. Alex Barutha is gonna join us later today. So check that out on SiriusXM Fantasy. You can hear me and Alex every night on SiriusXM NBA, 7 PM EST on the rotor wire NBA show. And make sure you go over to the rotor wire NBA Twitter. Check out Brandon's prize picks. Really trying to build that out. Check out rotor wire.com/picks for all your research needs. And once again, we're sponsored by Smart Bracket. If you're you're putting together a bracket, next weekend, obviously, the NCAA tournament getting underway, check out smartbracket.io.