Welcome back to the rotor wire fantasy basketball pod. It is Monday, January 22nd, Nick Whalen, Alex Barutha back with you. We've had a weird couple weeks, Alex. We had, you know, no show last Monday with the MLK day. We had a bunch of games going on, a lot of kind of background work to do. You know, I think I think New Year's Day ended up being a Monday as well, so I feel like we haven't been doing this one, as consistently as we'd like. But, you know, up until the all star break, it will be on our normal schedule, although we're not too far away from that at this point. Before we dive in on waiver wire, you know, some notes from the weekend. Looking ahead to the week ahead, we'll talk about the schedule. You know, some some teams, some situations that you need to be aware of. How was your weekend? Are are are you still processing the the Green Bay Packers loss on Saturday? I know I know you're not maybe as big of a football guy as I am, but where are you at emotionally? Look. I think the fact that I mean, they got through the past the first round. I mean, with the team that didn't look so good at the beginning of the season, like Jordan Love Yeah. The thing is the transformation Jordan Love went through during the season. I feel like this is a pretty good like, if you had said, you know, after week 3 or after week 4, maybe even further that this was the outcome that you played the 49ers close. At this point, I think people would have been actually pretty happy about that. You're not wrong whatsoever. That's an extremely rational way to look at it. That's what I was saying. That's what I was saying all week. And for the record, if you're watching a long line, we're both here in Wisconsin. That's why we're beginning with like 2 minutes of Packers stock. But that's what I was saying all week was like, oh, you're playing with house money. You know, 3 weeks ago, we didn't even think this team would be into the playoffs. They were 2 and 5 at one point. And then all of a sudden, you know, if you're if you're saying all we need is a close game and I'll be happy, then you get the close game and you're like, well, you know, if we're up by 7 going into the 4th, we might as well win this thing. And yeah, it's the group chats, Alex, have not been not been friendly over these last couple of days. A lot of stats, a lot of commiserating being thrown around. Green Bay now, 49 in divisional and NFC title games since the Super Bowl year. But, anyway, that's neither here nor there. I just wanted to make sure you're doing alright, in the wake of of yet another devastating Packers loss. Let's take care of some business quick, and then we'll we'll talk waiver wire. As always, get your questions in the chat, guys. We will hit those over the second half of the pod. We'll you know, if any of them are are, you know, kinda pertaining to what we're talking about at the moment, we'll throw those up on the screen. But get those questions in there. We will answer as many of them as we can later in the episode. We are brought to you by Underdog, and Underdog is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet and you're a new user, you can get a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to our site, rotorwire.com. Just use the promo code, r w m b a. That's r w as in RW McQuarters, r w m b a. Go to underdogfantasy.com. Download the underdog app today and use that code r w m b a. That'll get you a free rotor wire subscription and that deposit bonus up to a $100. Alex, you and I have been playing on underdog a ton. I've been I I think I've done, like, at least 2, underdog. I I guess I call them lineups. I don't know. I don't think parlay is the right term, but you know what we're saying? I think I've done 2 of those, like, every single night of the NBA season so far. And, you know, we we talked best ball. We did a bunch of those, you know, earlier in the summer, but, baseball's coming up as well. I know they have best balls available over on Underdog. So if you're a baseball guy, go check those out. We're also brought to you by FanDuel. You can tackle 1,000,000 in prizes all playoffs long in FanDuel fantasy contest. If you're new to fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match up to a $100. Playing fantasy for huge, huge, massive cash prizes on FanDuel is fun and exciting. Just draft your lineup. Watch your team move up the leaderboard. Plus, on FanDuel, you could choose for full slate contest featuring a bunch of games, single game contests, season long basketball, beginner only. Those are great if you're just getting into it. Basically, you could do whatever you want. Yeah. I play in a private contest on FanDuel every weekend. You have just a couple friends here in Milwaukee. You could set up your own little contest, invite whoever you want. There was a bunch of the prize pool as you want. Makes for, you know, a nice little side game to have while you're watching football. And the best part is when you win, you get paid instantly. So playoffs going on right now, NBA season, we're right in the thick of it. Go over to FanDuel. You'll get a 100% deposit bonus up to a $100. Just go to FanDuel.com to start playing for huge cash prizes today. All right. Already getting some good questions in the chat. Again, guys, keep throwing those in there. We will hit those in a little bit. Let's talk waiver wire, Alex. A lot of waivers in the leagues that I play in at least, run late Sunday night. I usually find myself doing waivers, like, 20 minutes before the waiver wire deadline, which was once again the case last night. Didn't really do a whole lot in my NFBKC. I threw a couple bids in, but, you know, just kinda just kinda playing with the roster, that that I have right now. I've got LaMelo Ball back, so it should be okay there. Did you do anything in your NFBKC? I did not. My team is just not doing that well. I I I don't think it's, like, really savable. But I mean, the people, you know, people are pretty aggressive in in the league. I think it's that time of the year where people just like, I gotta I gotta get my guy because how much fab do I have left, etcetera. Brandon Miller went for 2 16 of the 1,000, budget in in NFBKC. Brogdon went for 1 15. We had Asar Thompson, Marvin Bagley, Luke Kennard, all go off the board Nice. As well. Yeah. I'm I'm not currently doing well in my league. That's because LaMelo missed so much time, but, you know, it's one of the cool things with the NFPKC is you can you can kind of filter by week and see, like, you know, how your team did that specific week. So I've I've been a top three team now for 3 straight weeks, essentially, you know, with LaMelo Ball back in the mix. So I'm I'm optimistic that we could get this thing going as long as he can stay healthy. But the injuries are, you know, just been killing me. Mitchell Robinson. I had CJ McCollum. You know, he missed time early on. Marcus Smart. You know, Marcus Smart, I think I might just have to drop at some point here. You know, like like I said, I didn't do a whole lot in terms of of fab this week, but some interesting names were were either picked up or dropped. And I I do wish I would have been a little bit more aggressive across the board on basic Plumlee, mostly because I have a couple of leagues where I really need rebalance. You know, I was riding the Andre Drummond train for a while. Chicago schedule, pretty unfriendly up until the all star break. You know, I still I'm still okay throwing Drummond out there on a 4 game week in a 16 team league, like the rotor wire state league because the other options like, I was I was scanning through people's rosters last night just to be like, alright. Where where do I you know, where are my deficiencies? And even the best teams in the league are starting almost everybody's starting at least 2 guys where you're like, man, that guy should not be in a starting lineup, but that's, you know, that's life when you're in a in a 16 team league. So I don't really mind drumming on a 4 game week. You know, 2 game week, you can't do it. 3 game week, maybe maybe, depending on who your other options are. But I think Mason Plumlee is a solid pickup if you need rebounds. I know he kind of split time with Tice in their last game, but I still think Plumlee is the guy there. Both Mark Williams and Desmond Bane were dropped in by NFBKC this week. I understand Bane. I I guess I understand both. I mean, I joked on the pod podcast a while ago when Mark Williams went from doubtful to out, for all those games. I was like, yeah, he's probably done for the year then since they decided to actually list him as out. And, you know, I mean, Steve Clifford said he's not that close to being back. So what does that actually mean? And then Bane, you know, Bain's expected to come back maybe late February, early March. And like a lot of fantasy leagues end in March, at this point, like early March, depending on how, you know, your league manager wants to do that sort of thing. Yeah. I'm going through that same calculation with Marcus Smart. And obviously, there's, you know, lower upside with Smart. So, you know, I don't think you'd you'd really think quite as much about, or think twice, I should say, about dropping him. But, I mean, Bain, obviously, I mean, it could be a top 30 guy. So it's it's a really tough decision to make. But I think it comes down to, you know, if he comes back before your league is over, which I do think timing wise, he should. Right. You know, they they originally gave us, I think, 6 weeks on Desmond Bane. That would mean he could be back like a week after the All Star break. And then you're getting you're getting a month out of him. It's just the question is, you know, are the Grizzlies are they a 16 win team at that point? And they just say, you know, shut it down or, you know, you get 2 or 3 games and then that's kind of it. Like, I it's super, super hard to predict. I and in the NFV case, you don't have IR. Right? So that's the other thing. It's like, if you have an IR slot, I I think I'm not I'm not dumping desert bank quite yet. I think, you know, unless you are buried and you you just really can't stomach it, you know, if you have an IR spot and there's nobody else who makes sense to to hold in there, I think the promise of getting him for a month or even a month and a half later in the year is is enough that I would hold him. But if you don't have IR, I mean, it it makes sense. Yeah. I mean, I in Stakely, I just had Deandre Ayton come back, and now I gotta figure out who to drop, Smart's on my bench. This is So I'm like, I'm team that's too balanced? Yes. I have Marcus Smart, Spencer Dinwiddie, Al Horford, and Duncan Smith junior. And my concern is that if I drop Dinwiddie or Duncan Smith junior, that that particular one is gonna start playing better again. Like, if I, like, if I keep Dinwiddie, he's gonna start playing like crap again. And if I drop Smith junior, he's gonna start playing 35 minutes. So maybe the move is just a drop. Marcus Smart. I don't know. But I got I got to figure out what to do there. Looking through some of the moves in the Stake League, which we we kinda use as our our standard league. Again, it's 16 teams, very competitive. Everybody knows what they're doing. So I I think it's, you know, it kind of reminiscent of what of what a competitive league, I think, should look like. Maybe, you most people are playing in in 12 or 14 teamers. So you gotta you gotta live with us mentioning guys like, man, I I'm scared to drop out Horford. I'm scared to drop down to Smith because that's that's how this league works. But I mentioned Plumlee. He was one of the one of the higher dollar ads, only $4 out of a $100 budget. Shannon grabbed him. He dropped Trace Jackson Davis in order to add Plumlee. You know, I I put in a bid for Santi Aldama. You know, they can alright. You know, look good the other night. You you never know with Jaren Jackson. You know, Xavier Tillman, you know, has been banged up. He went for $7. I did not go up to $7 for all that. Yeah. Aldama is one of those guys who I think we all want to be better than he actually is. Like, I've just I'm I'm just resigned to this point where it's like, yeah, Aldama's gonna have, like, 3 good games, and then he's gonna play, like, crap for 4 games. And then it's gonna be like, you add him. You drop him. You add him. You drop him. And a 16 team league, it's fine. And you can weather the storm a little bit. And maybe it pays off, like, way later in the year. You know, like, maybe in March, it does. He's actually playing 35 minutes a game and and he's doing that. But, it's it's almost as frustrating to roster him as it is to not roster him. Yeah. In a way. So our guy DJ Trainer, he ended up adding Gigi Jackson for $7. I'm gonna see DJ. I'm gonna go go hang out with him later this week. So I'll I'll, you know, maybe get, like, a a boots on the ground interview here. I'm guessing he put this claim in earlier in the week. I I like, would you still be comfortable spending, you know, 7% of your budget or at this point, you know, probably significantly less than that, on Gigi Jackson, based on what we've seen the last two games, you know, obviously, if if you threw that bid in, like, this past, you know, week ago, last Monday, that looks great. But, you know, he's played only 28 combined minutes over the last 2, 11 total points, 4 total rebounds. Nothing on defense. Did hit a couple of threes the other night against Chicago, but this is kind of what we're dealing with with these ultra small sample sizes. And, again, in a 16 team league, you have to kinda take that risk, but I I don't I don't really know where to go forward with him at this point. I had a huge monologue about him on the Friday podcast after after that, 10 that 10 minute performance. And I was like, look, he was terrible in college. That's why he fell so far after he reclassified. Horrible field goal percentage, 3 times as many turnovers as assists. How many times does a player like that get into the NBA on a two way deal, and then they're good? Basically never. And then, yeah. So, yeah, you know, he had 2 out of body experiences. And I was like, look, if he plays 24 to 26 minutes in his next game, sure, Adam. If he plays like I was like, if he plays like 10 to 18, 19 minutes, just leave it alone. So Mhmm. My advice to anybody after that second game against Chicago where he had 8, it was just don't don't bother. He's just not that good. Yeah. And, you know, we'll we'll see what he develops into. I think there's gonna be more opportunity as the year goes along, but that was, you know, that was a game Memphis this lost by, what, 29 points. Right? It's like, that's the ideal Gigi Jackson situation. It's like games out of hand. There's nothing on the line. Throw them out there. And, you know, still only at 10 points in 19 minutes. So I you know, the grizzlies are just kind of a best right now. I know David Roddy was added in a bunch of leagues. I think James grabbed him over the weekend. You know, I would rather have Roddy than Gigi Jackson. No question. Intrigued by Vince Williams. Like, I watched that whole Grizzlies t wolves game because, what, Thursday last week. He's he's a really interesting player. Like, I I don't it just kinda does it all, you know, gives you some defensive stats. He could pass a little bit. You know, took 6 threes, on Saturday against Chicago. So I I think there is a reasonable amount of upside there, but it it really like, Memphis to me is not a team where there's an obvious, like, alright. This guy's just gonna step in and and be like Cam Thomas and and give you 25 a night. Right? Like, I I just think you have this all all of their younger guys are kinda role player types. Yeah. I I don't know there that that there's somebody who, you know, goes from playing 8 minutes a night to 22 minutes a night, and, you know, all of a sudden looks like Anthony Simons. Yeah. They don't they don't really have a guy like that. No. I think that's why people added Vince Williams. It seemed like he might get the most usage or at least he had a diverse enough skill set where it's like, he might get you 4 assists. He might get you 2 steals, some threes. He's actually the 45th ranked player in fantasy over the past 2 weeks. But, yeah, I mean, Tillman's back in the fold. Kennard, I guess, is playing point guard, which is whatever. You we all know what Luke Kennard is at this point. But, yeah, I think that's why they brought up Gigi Jackson because they're like, well, we know this guy can at least get shots up, which is just a pure problem for Memphis at some point. Yeah. I mean, Kanchar started the last two games for them. He's played 27 minutes in both. Not really doing anything. Not a high usage player. I mean, he's taken 6 shots and no free throws in 54 minutes. So I I know there's been there have been times in the past where he's been like a reasonable streamer. I think it was like early last season he had, like, a nice 2 week run. But the the overall sample strongly suggests that he's probably not worth an ad in anything but, like, the absolute deepest leagues. So, yeah, I I think Vince Williams and David Roddy to me are the 2 guys, and then he could kind of play the rotation at center. You know, Dillman Dillman's had his weeks. Like, I I don't mind I don't mind holding him in a deeper league and and obviously, Aldama, like we just talked about. But, yeah, I think Vince Williams, you know, a a week and a half now that we've had without Bain, without Smart, without, I think, to me, he's far and away the clear winner. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. It's just, it's gotten it's gotten so gross so quickly in Memphis. It certainly has. Pacers, went down to the Suns last night, almost covered by the way without Tyrese Haliburton. Thankfully, we ran out of time when I was on Beeson yesterday. I was ready to to go in on why the Pacers were covering this game. But I also thought Halliburton was gonna play, which he did not. So they ended up losing by 7. I think a respectable results, all things considered. You know, Phoenix didn't shoot it well from 3. Did you, you know, well over 55% from the field. However, I just kind of want to do a check-in on on Siakam. You know, I think we're hopefully nearing the point where Halliburton is no longer game to game and he's just kind of back in the mix going forward. Spend, you know, a little bit concerning that he, you know, came back, missed a game. You would think, you know, starting this week, he should be good to go. They're off today, then they play Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Sunday. So 4 game week for Indiana. Yeah. I know you watched some of that that Sun's game yesterday. Tiakam, 30 minutes, only 15 points on 14 shots. No steals, no blocks. They have 7 assists and 4 boards. But what have you seen from him so far in Indy? I mean, he just he he needs, Halliburton to be there. It's a really bad setup for him to be kind of the just thrown out there with no Halliburton. It's, he doesn't know the offense that much. The the other guys in the team, he's gonna be bumping into guys and stuff. So I was like, I don't take honestly a lot from the last game other than it was funny to see him throw his hands up in confusion on defense when his team wins, like, guys would get blown by and there was no help rotation. And he was like, in Toronto, this would get anybody yanked. Like, you just would not be on the court if you played defense like this. So that was kinda funny. But I mean, it's in the game where, Halliburton played, he played really well. Siakam did 2163, very efficient. I, I think that'll continue, for him. Siakam did follow out of that game, but don't be misled by the box score. He he committed a foul at the end with, like, 10 seconds left. So it didn't really didn't really impact anything, although it was a little bit of foul trouble. And I think that's why he played closer to 30 minutes. You know, kinda weird TJ McConnell usage. This this started, you know, even even when Halliburton was still on the shelf last week. You know, he went from 22, 25 minutes, you know, had that that 33 minute game against Sacramento. And a couple where he's under 20, you know, started yesterday against Phoenix. Only played 12 minutes in that one. A lot of bench usage for the Pacers. Yeah. I mean, you know, McConnell has his games. It's it was just weird at the beginning of the year where he wasn't being used at all. And it seemed like they were going away from him entirely, you know, just running with, like, Nemhard as the backup. And then Carlyle was like, no, we're, you know, we're gonna we're gonna do some more McConnell here and there. And then they needed him when when, you know, when when Halliburton got hurt. And it's just it's really hard to trust him. I I don't really understand what is going on. Like, I I wish I had more clarity, but I think there are just some McConnell games where he's on and it works, and there's other games where it's like he's getting played off the floor because of his defense and, things like that. It just doesn't work. And I think Carlisle has a quick leash, with him. Ben Matherin as well, who played 4 g minutes yesterday. I you know, right right when Halbert first went down, I feel like we were spot on. We're like, I I think Matherin, this should be his opportunity to take off. Like, he's gonna force Carlisle's hand, even if he doesn't like him, you know, even if he doesn't like what he does on defense, like, they they're gonna need his scoring. And, you know, he had a pretty nice run up until this past weekend where, you know, he's in double figures in 13 straight games. He was averaging about 18 points at 52% shooting. The 3 point shooting had come around as well. He started to get to the line a little bit more. That was something that had dropped off pretty significantly early this season. Like, you forget as a rookie. I mean, he was getting to the line almost 6 times a game, which is crazy. He's at, like, half of that, right now, but played 23 minutes, in that ugly loss to Portland on on Friday and then just 14 minutes off the bench yesterday against Phoenix. So, I mean, are not really knowing right now what's what's up with Halliburton. Yeah. We we won't get an update until tomorrow. Like, would you would you be comfortable starting Ben Mather and not a 4 game week? Does it have to be 16 plus team league? Yeah. I wouldn't I don't even think you need a roster. I'm like a 12 team league. And in a 16 team league, I honestly would not feel bad about keeping them on my bench. I think I'd like I'd wanna start him in a 16 team or on a 4 game week, but I also may have other options. Again, it kinda depends on your team. But, yeah, it's like, you know, the first game like, look, Siakam joining the team is not what made Ben Mathew score 2 points because he took 8 shots. He just missed his shots. So, you know, expect that to that could that should have been like a 12 point game in theory if he stayed with his efficiency. And then this game against Phoenix was was bad. So it's just it's tough, man, because they don't you know, training for Siakam, the the Pacers' main issue still now is they don't play defense. So there's just gonna be a lot of games where it's like, we don't really need Mathren's scoring. We need Neesmith's defense. You know, and we might need them hard out there for whatever reason because Halliburton's out of the game. And, again, he's just said he's a there's a there are a ton of guys in this team are just like, Carlisle is so hot and cold with the guys on this team. He plays who's playing well, whatever they need. He's not locked guys in a minutes or anything. So it is hard to predict on a game by game basis. Yeah. Doc Rivers was on a pod. I think it was last week talking about Lou Williams, and he basically was like, yeah. When I had Lou Williams on my team, I would tell him, like, you're going in the game and your one job is to score. And if you don't have it that night, I'm pulling you. And that's that's just what it is. Like, you you basically have, like, a, like, a 5 minute audition, and you better look good. If you do, you know, we'll we'll play you more. You'll lead the 2nd unit the whole night, and that'll be that. You could get a 25 point game. If you don't have it that night, we're we're getting you out of there. And I I feel like that's kind of where bathroom's at with Carlyle. Yeah. I think so. And some of it again, I think he's really talented. He'll probably, in my opinion, he'll probably cap out. Like, his best role probably is like a 6th man, of that of that ilk of the Lou Williams, Jamal Crawford type. And the the Pacers are a competitive team. Right? So it's not like it's not like this team is, you know, bad and he should be getting 35 minutes. It's like, well, he's just gonna they gotta play. If he's contributing to winning, he's gonna play. If he's not, he's not. A couple news items we'll hit, and then we'll get to some questions in the chat. Trae Young, we found out last night entering concussion protocol. They they last played Saturday against Cleveland. So got got a little bit banged up in that game. He will not play to begin this week. And as we know with concussion protocol, you know, could be one game, could be 2 games, could be more. It is a 4 game week for Atlanta. So they're at Sacramento tonight at Golden State on Wednesday, home for Dallas Friday, and then home for the Raptors on Sunday. I I absolutely hate these situations. And, unfortunately, I don't have Trae Young in like, I don't know if I am in a single league this year. I wish I had more of him. Over the last couple of weeks, he's he's been on a bit of a downturn. You know, the field goal percentage has has really suffered. The assists have been down as well. He's shooting, like, 35% over his last 6 games. But, obviously, on balance, he's one of the safest players in fantasy. You know, how how do you typically handle a situation like this where you have you you have a guy who's in every week starter, even on, like, a 2 game week in a deep lead, you're probably starting Trae Young, but not knowing, you know, his concussion status going into a Monday game. Did you still throw him out there? Do you do you go with, like, a significantly lesser 4 game option? How do you lean in these? Yeah. The concussions are tough because sometimes they last, like, 3 days, 4 days, and other times, it's, like, 2 weeks. I would say Young is so good that if you just hope that he's gonna play 2 games, you still start them. Like, Like, if you think there's a fairly realistic possibility he plays 2 games, you stardom. And I think there is. So, I think this is this is a situation he's so good where you can throw him in your lineup and just it's just kind of a Hail Mary play. Well, it's kinda nice the way things are spaced out. Right? Like, if they had a Monday, Tuesday back to back, I think I would maybe hold them out because to me, you're guaranteed to miss 2 games. Whereas it it wouldn't be that crazy if he was back Wednesday at Golden State. You would think, you know, 5 days should be enough in general to clear protocol and and get back for for Friday Sunday. So, yeah, I I think when it's a player of Trae Young's ilk, you know, you probably lean toward toward putting him out there. If you're in a 12 team league, you know, it's maybe a little bit different or or certainly anything shallower. Alright. Any any other major news items for the weekend? Any players, teams you want to hit before we start answering these questions? No. I think I think we can just we can just dive in. Alright. Let's do it. Well, we will go through chronologically here. First of all, the doctor d 314 says thanks for everything you guys do. Not a question. We appreciate it. Nonetheless, thank you, doctor d for tuning in. Jordy says Caruso or Bilal Kulabali for the rest of the season. He's playing in an 8 cat league. That's interesting. My, you know, my concern with Caruso always is that he just gets hurt all the time. Like, I think Caruso is the better player, has more upside even in fantasy, but is constantly hurt. There's the trade rumors. Is he gonna get moved? Hard to know. I think if he does get moved, he probably still plays 20 to 25 minutes. I think I would rather have Caruso because the Koulibaly thing is still very unproven, and we know he has a ton of defensive upside. But it's not it's not like freakish right now. You know, it's it's 1.1 blocks and 1.1 steals per 36, which is really not anything crazy. So I think I would rather have Caruso. Yeah. And the Wizards, you know, 2 weeks into the year, it was like, alright. The season's over. You know? So I I don't know that there's some sort of, like, I don't think there's some sort of, like, late season. Like, alright. We gotta get cooler Volleyball involved. It's like, that's already kinda happening. Like, he's playing 25 to 30 minutes most nights already. Like, I don't see that number dramatically increasing. Over the last month, he's averaging 6 and a half points, 4 rebounds, 2 assists, 1.6 combined steals and blocks. Like, there was some 3 point volume early in the season that was encouraging. That's kinda dried up. Like, he's giving you, like, half a 3 per game. Field goal percentage is terrible. I mean, Caruso, for what it's worth in the last month, ranks like a 140 spots ahead of him. So even with some of the risk there, you know, we don't know what Chicago is gonna look like. Caruso could be somewhere else a few weeks from now, but I think he's pretty transferable. I would you know, unless you you know, this is like a positional eligibility thing and you you'd rather have somebody who's forward eligible. This is pretty easily Caruso for me. Yeah. I'm with you. Alright. Manila most wanted ask, is it time to drop Cam Johnson? Not a not a question that we necessarily thought we would be answering this season, but, yeah, it's been a it's been a rough couple weeks for Cam Johnson. Last 7 games, he's under 10 points per game. You know, the the 3 point shooting has been disastrous, hovering around 25%. For the most part, the volume has been there. The minutes have have been about where he's been sitting for much of the year. So I'm, you know, again, depending on your league size, I would be more inclined to ride the Celks. I don't know how much better you're going to do, but if you're in a 10 or 12 team league, then, yeah, it's at least a consideration. Yeah. I don't I I don't hate the idea of dropping him in a 10 team league. You know, last year, I think was a look at sort of his ceiling. Like, last year, he ranked 89th per game. I think the hope this year is he'd be somewhere closer to, like, 60 or 75. And you're right. He is just shooting poorly, like, assuming he can give his shot back. It should be fine, and he should go back to averaging 15 a game. But he's not like he he's not been projected to be or even when he was shooting that well, he wasn't a great fantasy player. In a 12 team league, I would still hang on. You never know, honestly, what's gonna happen with the nets at the deadline. I'm not saying they're gonna trade McHale Bridges, but they're just so You're saying they're gonna trade McHale Bridges? I I am. Yeah. They're gonna they're gonna deal him. You heard it here first. But, yeah, he's he's fine. I would hang on to him in twelves, tens. It's not it's not necessary, but he's still averaging on the year, he's still averaging 25 fantasy points a game. Yeah. I mean, prior to this 2 week downturn, you know, over his previous 20 games, so we're talking, like, Thanksgiving through the beginning of January, 15 points, 2.8 threes per game, 50% for the field, 45% from 3. So I I think the larger sample would imply that that he's going to come around. And he's young enough that, you know, you don't worry about, you know, if the Nets were to go in a different direction, you know, he's, like, you know, losing minutes at the end of the year. Like, I still think he's kind of a foundational piece. Schedule wise, they have 3 games this week. I think we have we have 12 teams that have 4 games. So 3 is, you know, closer to average. 3 games next week, and then 4 before the all star break. So no, you know, nothing major there. It's not a great schedule, but it's not it's not a disaster. Matt Carmody says, man, PAC should have won that one. Packers fan as well from Wisconsin. Matt, our condolences. I am actually a Jaguars fan first and foremost, but every year this happens, the Jags get eliminated, and I'm like, alright. I I guess I'll I'll root for the Packers. And I was I was hooting and hollering a little bit on Saturday night, but, yeah, man. It's I was texting some friends this morning, Alex, and, yeah, I'm sure you've been through this, like, with the Bucks or any other teams you care about. Like, one of my favorite things every Monday during football season is I just, like, you know, I binge through a bunch of recap pods around the NFL, Bill Simmons, Russillo. It's like when your team wins, that's all you want. Right? You just wanna read more and more and more about how great your team is. When your team loses, that is just torture. Yeah. I'm I'm with you, man. It's just the again, if you reset the expectations to what they were in the middle of the year, you can't be that mad about it. And I think it's like, it sucks now where you're like, you know, oh, we could we could have gone farther. We had that game, everything like that. But if you just look ahead till next year, like, things should be, you know, we have completely new expectations. That's 13 straight years that it's been alright. We'll get them next year. Next year will be the year. The word okay. Look. Last thing I'll say on this, worst part is like, they they would beat the lines. I I don't I'm not I'm not in on this line's team. I know it's a fun story. Whatever. I feel bad for Detroit. Shout out to Shannon. But I that's the thing. It's like you this would have been the toughest test. You know? It's like you beat the 2 best teams that you're gonna face in Dallas and then potentially in San Francisco. And then, you know, all of a sudden you're like, man, not not this this goes from fun run to, like, well, we could be in the Super Bowl. But, anyway, that's neither here nor there. Listen listen to our show on SiriusXM tonight. You'll you'll hear a lot more Packers talk from me there. Alright. Paul says, I traded away for Zingis and Jamal Murray for Kevin Durant and Valjungas. Is this the win in a 9 cat league? Porzingis, by the way, will not play tonight. Sounds like it's somewhat load management for Boston. Yeah. I, Valenschunis is a little inconsistent now with Larry Danskek, but he's still putting up numbers. Still like a huge threat for a double double, great per minute. I think the straight is alright. These are these are always hard trades to evaluate in terms of, like, you you traded 2, you know, top 50 guys for, like, a top 10 guy and then, like, a, like, a 90th ranked guy. I think you're fine. Like, I I it's hard for me to, like, necessarily grade this a win, but I think this is a fine trade. It's not a loss. I'll say that. I I think I think you you have more upside because you have KD, but you've also exposed yourself to a little more risk. You know, Valentunas does not have top 40 upside in the same way that both Porzingis and Murray do, But Porzingis and Murray don't have top 5 upside like Kevin Durant does. So, I I think if KD stays healthy, this probably goes down as a win for you. Obviously, if KD gets hurt, you know, that's part of the risk calculation here. Yeah, then then you're gonna be in trouble. But I think it's a fine deal. Paul also asked, who's a a better long term hold, Sohan or Caruso? I mean, if if, you know, if San Antonio starts shutting guys down in in which I I don't even know who necessarily they would shut down. This whole team is young, and they're already so terrible. But so on, it's been playing better lately, like, 60th ranked play over the past 2 weeks. Better long term hold. It might be Sohan now that they now that Spurs have committed to playing a real lineup, and he doesn't have the the sort of injury risk of of Caruso. But do you have a do you have a strong opinion on this? Yeah. I think you said it. Yeah. It it might be Sohan. It also might not be Sohan. So we need we need to keep keep that in mind. No. I I think if if you're looking for upside, it's it's Sohan. You know, he's been the better player of late. He was playing 30 plus minutes. You know, the assist like, some of the the, like, you know, high upside assist games have been there. He's got a couple, you know, 7, 8 assist games over the last few weeks. Rebounding's been a little more consistent. And, you know, I like you said, I I I don't know who would be shut down for this team. Ironically, I think it might be Wenmin Yama, if anything. Right? It's like I think that's the asset they would want to preserve. It would be kind of a reversal of what you normally see when it's like, you know, the veterans are the ones sitting down at the end of the year. Whereas, like, I I think if the Spurs just, like, get to the 62 game mark and they're like, alright. We've seen what we need to see. Wai Manayama is the real deal. You know, what what else are we doing here by by playing him for the final 15 games of the year other than exposing him to injury risk? You know, maybe that opens up a little more for Sohan. Although, like, assist wise, I think having Wenbin Yam out there is a good thing for him. So maybe that's a net neutral. But, if we're talking beyond this year, then it's it's still probably so hard for me. There's I've never been super high on him. I think, you know, we're starting to see some improvement that didn't look like it was there early in the year. But if you're if you're saying, like, who could be the better player 3 years from now, then I think you have to you have to at least be able to to imagine what what Sohan could become. Yeah. I still really I I really like Solon as a player. He just shouldn't be a point guard. Mhmm. It turn turns out he plays well when he's playing his natural position. Alright. Doctor d is back in the mix 14 team points league. He this is a trade question. Drew and Brandon Miller for Wiggins and Delo, he said, is very trade deadline dependent. Obviously, Delo could be on the move. Even Wiggins, I suppose, could be on the move. But let's let's just say current situation. Would you rather have Holiday and Miller or Wiggins and Russell? Wiggins is horrible. He's bad. He's very bad. Brandon Miller, pretty up and down, but really strong past 2 games. So I think you need to take that into account at least. I think I would rather have Drew and Miller. Yeah. Deal we should mention d Lowe's been balling out, but it's like, how long does that last? What are they up to? It's just I I really don't understand what's happening there. I wish I did. I think I would want the Drew Miller side. It feels a little more reliable to me. Alright. Good question from Victor g. He says, is Jason Tatum a buy low right now? Where do you project him finishing in 9 cat rankings? So let's go over to 9 cat. Last 30 days, Jayson Tatum ranks 18th. If you're looking at just the last 2 weeks, he comes in at 81st. So, yeah, it's been a bit of a rough go for Jason Tatum. A lot of that is percentage dependent. You know, even in what's considered like a bad 2 weeks for him, he's still averaging 23, 7, and 4. You know, 2.2a half threes a game, but he's shooting 40% over the last 2 weeks. So that's really what's killing his value. Free throw shooting's been down a little bit. So yeah. I mean, I'm I'm a huge Jayson Tatum guy, especially in fantasy. He's like Trae Young to me where those guys don't really miss time. They don't necessarily have top 3, top 5 upside. But if you look at total value, they always rank, like, 5 to 10 spots higher because they don't miss time and they're super consistent. So, yeah, if there's somebody who's, you know, panicking about JC Tatum who has, like, you know, there's no reason to believe that his performance is just gonna fall off the rest of the way, I would I would be buying him right now if I could. Yeah. Guys like this, I I don't know. I think you have to look at at the NBA, like a 2 week chunk in the NBA is kinda like one game in the NFL. So it's it's almost like I if you don't play NFL Fantasy, I I don't even really play NFL Fantasy, but it's it's you gotta think of it like you'd be asking if one of the best, you know, a top 25 player in the NFL had one bad game, and you're like, do I buy low? So it's like for a superstar like Tatum, yes. Buy low because I it's just he he's at a, you know, bad 6, 7 games or whatever it is. He's, again, I would I think I would trade any, like, you know, he I I projected to be a top 25 player the rest of the year. Non cat. So Yeah. If you can get rid of, like, a the 30th ranked or a 35th ranked player form or something like that, I would I would absolutely do it. Yeah. I think he can rank higher. I I would have Yeah. Do it. Guy. I mean, he could be a top 15 guy the rest of the year. You look at where he's finished in total value the last few years, 4th, 5th, 8th, 15th. That takes us all the way back to his 3rd year in the NBA in 2019. So, I mean, he's just he's been about as safe as a of a bet as it gets. And, you know, he always ranks a little bit lower in per game value, but he's been at worst, he's been like a mid second round value for 4 straight years. So, in summary by Jason Tatum, Skeeter says, should I be looking to trade away when Banyama? Do you guys think he gets shut down? Yeah. We talked about that a little bit ago. I mean, I I I think it's happening at some point. I would be pretty surprised if Banyama is out there for game 82 for the, you know, 13 win San Antonio Spurs. It's just yeah. Like you said, when does it happen? And, you know, the Spurs aren't gonna tip their hand here. They're they're not gonna make an announcement. You know? Maybe maybe it's, like, right before the all star game. They'll tell us when he shut down. It it's a tough game to play, man, because it's even even though he's, you know, this minutes limit has been really frustrating. It's been going on now for 12 games. His numbers are fantastic. I mean, 22, 8, 3 and a half, 3.7 blocks. You know, he's he's still taking a decent amount of threes. Like, it's, you know, it's hard to say that you want to get off of a guy right now. I would I would probably wait a few more weeks. Maybe there's someone in your league who doesn't think he's going to get shut down or is it paying attention? But what do you think? It's tough because the minutes are they're back up now. You know, he had played like, he hadn't reached like, his past 3 games, he's played at least 27 minutes. He hadn't reached 27 minutes before that since December 17th, But we all know he's not the back to backs thing. It's still limited minutes. He's still ranked 11th on the year. So it's like what you trade him for is is is really confusing. Like, if you trade him, I still think you want a top 25 player back. Yep. And I I I about you. Yeah. It's like, is anybody trading you a top 25 player for when Banyama if they also think that when Banyama is gonna get shut down, maybe they don't think that. I mean, again, if you wanna float him out there and someone doesn't think he's gonna get shut down or whatever and someone offers you Jason Tatum, I I would probably do that, but nobody knows. I wish I wish we had, like, more insights, but we don't have any more insights than anybody else does. Alright. Matt says, who do you think is the best stream out of Jalen Suggs, Jade McDaniels, or Luke Kennard, Yahoo Points League? You know, I will say if if we're talking for the week, Jalen Suggs has 3 games. The other 2 guys have 4. So maybe that that kind of breaks the tie, and then you're deciding between McDaniels and Kennard. Depends what you need, of course, as well. I mean, if you need threes, then I I think you look to Kennard who's giving you 3 3.1 threes per game since he's moved into the starting lineup. Again, 4 game week for Memphis. You know, McGannons was playing well too. Obviously, gonna give you a different stat profile, but you got 3 pretty decent options there. I guess on balance, I I would probably lean Kennard. I do like Jalen Suggs tonight. I think they got a a pretty decent matchup, you know, much more favorable than playing Miami the other night. And he's been you know, Jalen Suggs has been so much better at home this season than on the road. But, yeah, I'm not I think it's close enough where I'm not leaning Suggs when he only has 3 games. Yeah. When it's close like this, you just lean on the guys who have an extra game. That's Kennard and McDaniels. And I would lean Kennard because he has more of a usage upside and is playing 30 minutes pretty consistently, you know, high usage, high minutes that correlates really well in points leagues. So I would I would lean on Kennard. Alright. We'll, try to go quickly through some of these Scoot or Smith, 9 cat rest of season. Could not be more different players. Yeah. Seriously. Look, I just don't think what are the chances scoot there turns things around to a significant portion and becomes, like, really a viable 9 cap player? Like, he's had some like, at the beginning of the year, he couldn't even put together, like, 3 good games in a row. Now he's had some stretches where he can put, like, 3 decent ones in a row, but then it just falls off again. Yeah. Even if he gets more usage, I don't know. His field goal percentage is bad. His turnovers are really high. I think I think I would rather have Nesmith, honestly. In a points league, I I could understand the Scoot thing, but the Scoot's killing you in category leagues. He just is. Yeah. I mean, he ranks a good, like, 200 plus spots behind Nesmith in the last month. And, you know, that's not that's not gospel. It's situational in some ways, but yeah. And I can especially the turnovers really, really hurt you. So I would I would go Nesmith until, you know, Scoot proves that, that he could be a little more consistent. And, again, this is a situation in Portland where it's like they've been in the tank all year. You know, I I don't know if there's a handed over to Scoot moment coming, maybe very late this season if they were to rest guys like Grant and and Simons, but they've kind of been in that boat already. So I would go to Smith. Alright. Who do you start tonight? Barrett, Suggs, or Ivy? So for context, Barrett and the Raptors are home for Memphis, Suggs home for the cavaliers, Jaden Ivy home for the bucks. Kate's not back, is he? Listed as doubtful. So probably not. I would go Ivy. I mean, it's a really tough matchup against Milwaukee in a sense, although Milwaukee's defense is there is there weak point, especially their backcourt defense. So I think, you know, it would it would, for me, it would either be Ivy or Barrett. Yeah. Barrett's on a on a heater, like a lifetime heater right now, shooting the ball, but I don't have a strong preference between Barrett or Ivy. I mean, Barrett has a better matchup. So if you wanna lean on matchup, I would say Barrett, but both have both have upside. Yeah. That's that's a really close call to me. I I would I would go Barrett. I think he's just a little bit safer. I think his I think his floor game is higher than than Ivy's floor game, and I think they have comparable upside right now. I actually I don't know if it's really a bad matchup against Milwaukee. I mean, they put up, what, 135 on them a couple days ago. The the business did hit the business did hit 21 threes in that game, which is part of the reason I actually like Milwaukee to to win and cover. I think they're 12 point favorites tonight. I just that's just not gonna be repeatable. It's the most threes they've hit in any game by, like, I think by 2 or 3 all season. So that's more than anything what kept them in. But, yeah, I I would go bear it. I'll break the tie. I'll say bear it. Alright. Zach says, hi. Great show. Thank you, Zach. Thinking of trading for Halliburton, my offer is Booker plus someone. Need thoughts on who I should pair with him range wise? Thinking Caruso. Yeah. I think that's a decent place to start. You know? Booker Booker by himself is a pretty appealing player. You're not getting Halberd straight up for Booker, but you're gonna need some sort of sweetener. And Booker's good enough that I don't think I don't think that that sweetener has to be, like, another top 50 guy, obviously. Yeah. I, Yeah. I I would not ideally, you could trade like your worst consistent starter, I think is the way I would put this. Like, I would I would move Booker and your worst guy that you start, you know, 75% of the time. Start there and then, see what the guy see what the guy says. Because in theory, you should be able to to, you know, you're gonna get the Halliburton upside in return, and you should be able to put, you know, you should be able to stream that that last starting spot anyway, especially late in the year when there's more resting, more injuries, there should be more streaming options and you could be really, we we haven't even talked about this at all. We're coming up on one of the most crucial waiver wire periods of the entire year, the post deadline waiver wire period. So if you are really aggressive, if you're in a fab league, after the waiver or after the trade deadline in real life, you can make up for some of that lost, some some, you know, lost depth that you may give up on a trade. Alright. Derek White or Thijs Jones rest of season if you're punting turnovers. You know, both guys pretty low turnover players, so I'm not sure that really affects the calculus that much. My my default is Derek White here pretty obviously. I mean, he's been a a fantastic player, kinda, you know, borderline all star talk. I don't think that's gonna happen, but, you know, he's been a a much better player on balance than Thijs Jones. So to me, I'll I'll I'll just say Derrick White unless you were in dire need of assists. It's definitely White. Has been better all year. Role is way more stable. Yeah. Definitely definitely Derrick White. Michael says, Hey guys, are we dropping Nas Reed Dante Divincenzo or Brandon Miller to make space for France Wagner coming back from the IR slot, 10 team 9 cat league. So this is tough because Brandon Miller has had 2 great back to back games. And Reid Nazrig is pretty reliant on, like, Gobert or Towns getting hurt, but he could have big games regardless. Depends if you're talking upside or not. Like, if you if you want the higher upside guys, I think you actually keep Nas, and then you consider dropping Dante or Brandon Miller. I would say you it's between Dante and Brandon Miller as a drop for me. I just I'm so, I don't know what the right word is. Obsessed with Naz Reed's upside that it's really hard for me to say drop him. So do I mean, do you have a do you have a strong take on this? I love Nazarene, man. He I mean, he's like their Bobby Portis. I think in some ways where it's like, you know, we've seen Portis. Like, Portis was a top 100 player a couple of years ago, and Brooke missed all that time. And it's like, yeah, if Towns or Gobert were to go down, I think you could really explode. But, you know, you know, neither of those guys I I guess, you know, Towns has missed time on and off, but it's been, like, one catastrophic injury or he plays 70 games. It's like no in between with him. And Gobert as far as, like, big men go, Gobert has been underratedly, like, super healthy his whole career. Like, usually, guys, you know, have some sort of degenerative lower body issue at some point, and he's he just doesn't really miss games. So yeah. I mean, it's a tough time to ask this because, like you said, a week ago, I would have said drop Brandon Miller. We do have to keep in mind that Gordon Hayward should be back in, like, a week. You know? And Yeah. Cody Martin's in and out. I mean well, yeah. Don't even give me whole career. The the yeah. The moment that I added him in an important league, he's just, like, day to day now. I I think I would drop Miller. I think I would. If like you said, you're you're pumping out some upside there, but even Chantal has been really consistent. You know, Naz Reed even in in lighter minutes has been pretty consistent. And, yeah, I I do worry. I mean, Gordon Hayward is not a part of their future, but I think they're gonna play him when he comes back. And I I don't really think that helps Brandon Miller. Yeah. Matt says, could Halbert have come back too soon and hurt his hamstring? That's why they arrested him. Very possible. Yeah. Yeah. And maybe wanted to get him out there with Siakam. I get that. But, yeah, hopefully, nothing nothing long term there for Halliburton. Let's see. Alex says, should I try to move Kessler? When he plays, he's great, but he seems to have settled into the backup center role, unfortunately. Yeah. Super weird situation. And, obviously, Utah is playing well. So, you know, what are you gonna look real hardy in the face and be like, your rotation's wrong? They have lost 3 2 in a row. 2 close games to decent teams in OKC and Houston, so maybe nothing too concerning. And Kessler did play 32 minutes before fouling out against Houston the other night. I mean, he's got 13 blocks over the last 3 games. So while it's weird and frustrating that he's not starting, he's averaging more blocks per game this year than he was last year. So, ultimately, I I think the numbers have actually been okay. The rebounding is down a little bit. I think, you know, if I have Kessler, I'm ultimately okay with the situation. You know, it'd be one thing if he was playing, like, 14 minutes off the bench. But for the most part, you know, if he if we isolate his last 13 games, he's averaging 22 and a half minutes. Again, not what you want, but the production's been okay. He's averaging, you know, almost almost 3 blocks a game in that span. Yeah. I mean, 88th ranks player in 8 cat over the past month despite playing 22 minutes, like you just said. This has to be his floor. Like, he's not gonna start playing 14 minutes. So I think it's only upside from here. I would actually Mhmm. I would look to I would look to keep him probably and just hope that maybe they do something to the deadline, freeze him up. Even if they don't, you're still rostering a top 100 player who is getting you great blocks. So I I just hang on. My trade so far says carpoollex. He said he traded the sell for Butler and just proposed highest Jones for Duran. I I would cosign both of those. You know, obviously, if you need assists, it's tough to part ways with Jones, but I think Duran's basically a double double every night. And I think we talked about this one a couple weeks ago, Alex, the Vassell Butler situation. You know, you're you're trading consistency and health for upside, but I I feel like, you know, if somebody had told you even a month or 2 ago that you could get Jimmy Butler for Devon Vassell, you'd be like, yeah, I'm doing that every time. Yeah. Butler's injuries. But, hey, you dip the trade, you got the upside, you know. Yeah. If you can get Duran for Tyus Jones, that's a huge win. So, I like that proposal. Maybe, hopefully the the guy, the rival manager needs a point guard really badly, and he's he's willing to take that because I think Duran's the Duran is the bunch of other fancy player. Ray says, would you rather pick up Trey Jones from San Antonio or Jaden Ivy from the Detroit Pistons? Probably probably Ivy. I've I've been kind of an Ivy hater. Like, I loved him in college, and I was just like, I just don't know if this is going to translate. Didn't look good last year. He's played pretty dang well. Pardon my language. The big question with Ivy is, you know, if cage back later this week, then what? Yes. That's my concern. Because I think I think Trey Jones, like we saw what Trey Jones upside is last year, which is like a fringe top 100 player. And that's what he's doing this year since becoming a starter. He's, like, in the 90 to a 100 range, which is like a nice floor if in a 12 team league. It's a nice guy to have. But Ivy, yeah, you mentioned has played so well with Kate out that he's kinda killing your free throw percentage. But part of me would hope, who's to say, Monty Williams does the right thing and just plays Jay and Ivy 30 minutes a game no matter what. So I think I would prefer taking the chance on Ivy, but just know that that's a ceiling play. And if you really, really need like, I absolutely need a top 90 player on my team, a top 100 player on my team. I just need that production. I can't give it up. Like, if you're in a 16 team league, Trey Jones is probably the better move. But again, it's a floor versus ceiling thing. Ant familiar name in the chat says sup fellas, need someone for steals. And I have Ethan and Neesmith who has more upside. Great show. Keep up the good work. Thank you, and we appreciate that. So Ethan versus Neesmith, if we're just talking steals, we should note on Ethan, you know, he has not played since New Year's Day, and he did not play Saturday or Sunday. I mean, there's a chance he could be back this week. They're taking a game to game. Houston doesn't play till Wednesday, so we probably don't get an update until tomorrow night at the earliest, maybe even Wednesday. Then they have a back to back Friday, Saturday. So, you know, even if he comes back Wednesday, you could see them maybe holding them out of one of those back to back. So you're you're probably looking at, you know, maybe a a next week situation as far as getting east and back in the lineup. Rockets do a 4 games next week. I I think in terms of steel's upside, it kinda has to be east and because the steel rate was preposterous before he got hurt. I mean, he was averaging 2.6 steals per game over his last 10 games before the injury. Yeah. He's the better steals guy per 36, and he's also the better fantasy player per minute. Like, he's in the per minute fantasy monster. That's we've been talking about that since since last year. The lower leg thing concerns me. I gotta I gotta be honest. Like, just being semi day to day with, like, an undisclosed leg injury that's just being described as soreness is super weird, and he's not a guy that was playing big minutes anyway. So look, I would love to roster Tarias and then I think he's the he's the better guy, but I just, it still worries me. I don't I don't know how else to I wish I had, like, a more definitive answer. Yeah. If you're looking for safety and you need immediate impact, then just just go grab Ethan, you know, or grab Eason. Sorry. Go grab Nesmith. Yeah. Because we don't know when Eason's gonna be back. And, you know, now they, like, Ahmed Thompson's in the mix. Can't Whitmore's in the mix. It's like, it's not it's not a guarantee that Eason walks back into 25 to 28 minutes a night like he was playing prior to the injury. So more upside with e with Ethan, more uncertainty there as well. Would you drop Grayson Allen for either Nas Reed, Malik Monk, or Wendell Carter? He says, Alan is my worst player, and I've been streaming that spot in a points league. Yeah. I mean, Alan Alan's been pretty good. I don't do you have to drop him? I mean, I, yeah, I don't think I don't think you have to. I mean, he's he's ranked 40, like, 45th over the past 30 days and 52nd over the past 2 weeks. Like, he's awesome. If you if you really felt like you had to drop him for some reason, maybe Monk. I don't know how much I trust Wendell Karga to stay healthy. Played pretty well recently, since coming back. But I don't think I don't think you have to drop Alan. No. I I mean, I think him and Malik bunk are weirdly comparable players now because they both have these boom games. Like Grayson Allen has, an 83 pointer and 293 pointer games in the last month. And that's also kind of what Malik Bump does. Like, once every couple weeks, he'll just go, like, 7 for 9 from 3. He'll also mix in some terrible games in there as well, but, I mean, he's also been handing out quite a few assists this season, and he'd been blocking a ton of shots for a guy his size. He's up by, like, 0.8 blocks per game. That's significantly higher over the last few weeks. 1.1 block per game over the last 15. So those are all pretty appealing options to me, honestly. I I don't think you can really go wrong, but, yeah, I I think I would just default to ride this out with Grace Mountain. I mean, he's in a in a pretty good spot right now. So that that's right. Yeah. Yeah. In a points league, I could see the argument for dropping him for for Carter just because I think Carter is probably a better, like, permanent fantasy point guy. But, yeah, it's a hard choice. Alright. Pokey Marquette says, how do you feel about the magic rotation with their preferred lineup finally healthy barring fault sitting out today, of course. And he also notes that he dropped Cam Johnson in a 10 teamer this morning for Wendell Carter. I think that's a fine move. That's like a very, very good 10 team league, transaction. Mhmm. Yeah. I, you know, we've been kinda talking about what what's gonna happen with if is Fultz ever gonna come back? When's Franz Wagner coming back and that, you know, it finally happened? Yeah. I mean, Fultz as a guy who is seeing what the minutes he's seeing right now, which is, like, 23 to 29, 30 ish. I don't know if he's a 12 league 12 team lead guy. I can see wanting to add him just to get out ahead of it because he he's proven to be 12 league 12 team league viable in the past. You know, but Tati was a DMP. That was kinda weird. He might be an auto drop at this point, but, I don't I don't have, like, major major insights besides saying, like, Wendell Carter looks like a pickup right now. Yeah. And I I was wrong. I didn't think we would I I kind of wrote him off. I was all over Betadze, who was a DNP in their last game, which is notable because he'd been playing pretty well. Yeah. Carter's just kind of rediscovered it out of nowhere, honestly. I mean, he had he had just not looked anything like himself when he played earlier this season, and now 17, 18, 25, 17 points respectively in his last four. Defensive stats, I think, are gonna vary. Rebounds are gonna vary, but, you know, he takes some threes. He gets he's been getting to the line at a decent rate. So I think you have to buy on him right now. Christopher says, do you think there's change coming in Houston and suggesting, you know, perhaps Cam Whitmore, you know, taking over some more minutes from Jalen Green? I I don't know. Houston's got too many guys, man. I feel like we were on this early in the season, and that was part of the reason that I kinda stayed away from Ahmed Thompson. And then the injury just kinda solve that for us on the fly. But they have they have so many options at, like, the the 2, 3 spot especially. Yeah. I don't I don't know if changes are coming. I mean, I think they're kinda playing with house money this season to an extent. They're a young enough team where it's like they're they're building towards something right now. I don't think they would swap Whitmore for for Green in the starting lineup, but, yeah, you also have Easton coming back. Yeah. I mean, I I don't think there's a major change coming. I don't I don't really anticipate that. Too much invested in Jalen Green. You know, it'd be one thing if if his minutes were starting to tail off. They really haven't. And I know Fred Van Blede's been out, so it's been tough to get a full gauge on that. I do think Ime Udoka is one of the few coaches who would have the balls to to do that. So that is, you know, like, if he really feels like Jalen Green's hurting them, I don't think it's out of the question, but we just haven't seen enough evidence yet for me. Alright. We'll hit a few more before we're out of here, guys. How do you feel about the article that was released by the NBA that stated resting has no correlation to preserving health for athletes? Good question. Yeah. I read into that a little bit over the weekend. You know, you and I, Alex, have dealt with this boots on the ground more than anybody. So I was like, know, I was kinda relieved to hear this. You know, the the whole COVID situation was a a nightmare for us logistically, on this on the rotor wire side of things. I mean, obviously, we provide player dues, but we do, you know, projections and lineups. And there was just a significant number of hoops that had to be jumped through to to accommodate all that. And, you know, obviously, rest has kind of been something that's that's, you know, built upon that. I don't know. I feel like anecdotally, we're seeing a lot less rest this season. Right? Like, has anybody has anybody talked to you about Kawhi Leonard missing too many games? Not really. No. Maybe some of that is the the game's minimum. Guys wanna try to hit that. So there's there's less resting early in the year. But then my question is going to be, what if a guy's on track to play, like, 78 games and there's 10 games left in the season and they know that he can rest, like, 7 of the last 10 if they need him to, because he's he's gonna hit the minimum. How do I feel about it? I don't know. Look. I don't wanna say it's a it's a lie or it's propaganda, but if you play pickup basketball, go play pickup basketball, 2 days back to back and then take a day off and then play again. And then next week, play just one day and see how you feel, see how your knees feel. That's, that's what I would say about that. Okay. Alright. Fair enough. I, I'm not going to speak anymore on this. I need I need to read the full reports, but before I dive in, but it's I don't know. It's it's it's certainly interesting. And it's very interesting to me that the NBA, like, put this out publicly. Right? It's almost like a see, see, you don't need to be resting. Right? Like, the NBA kind of trumpeted these results, I felt like, which was the most interesting aspect. Yeah. It's not like the intern they didn't circulate this. Well, I guess maybe I mean, it's sort of internal. I don't I don't know. It will get leaked regardless. So maybe they just figured we'd put it out there, but, yeah. I don't know, man. I think, it's a lot of wear and tear in your joints and soft tissue and stuff like that to play all these games. And I, yeah. I I don't know. I don't know what to believe. Alright. We got a few more minutes. Let's go rapid fire here. Our our good pal, Carpoflex, by the way, reminds everyone, like the video, please like the video. Subscribe to the YouTube channel. You can follow us on Twitter as well. See it on the screen there. Any of that really, really helps us, more more than you guys probably realize. But, yes, please, we appreciate that shout out. Give it a like. Give it a share, whatever you can do there. Mike says, do I trade Scottie Barnes for Kawhi Leonard in a 12 team points league? That's, that practically qualifies as a blockbuster. I think it would. I I am fine with that trade. You we all know the risks about Kawhi, and I assume the person you're you're trading with is also everyone understands what's going on here. Everyone understands what this trade's about. So I I it's I think it's worth it. I think, it'd be hard to pull the trigger for me because of the concern for Kawhi, but Well, is it worth it in a points league specifically? Because, you know, a huge part of the appeal with Kawhi is he's shooting 52% from the field, which is ridiculous. 88% at the line. You know, Barnes, if you look at, you know, something like the season long ratings, he rates lower because he's 74% at the line. You know, still shooting, you know, 48% from the field, but it's not quite level. So if you take that out of the mix, are are they a little more comparable? Yeah. I guess in a points league, that's a good point. Yeah. I didn't read that. It was points league. That's my fault. I don't know. I mean, it's fine, but what I don't know if I would necessarily take the risk then. Apologies for not realizing you said points that I should probably I should probably read with my eyes. I think it's close enough in a points league that I just I you know, Kawhi's the better player. Not saying he's not. We just, you know, we know what the history is there. Alright. We'll do this one quick. Katie or Tatum rest of season 9 cat. I think this is another, like, injury risk versus safer guy with lower upside thing. If you need the, like, if you need the jolt, you know, like if you're 6th in your standings and you're trying to make a run for top 3, I think you'd, you make the trade for KD. If you're at the top of your league, you know, if you're top 3 and you just wanna you just wanna play it safe, I would I would keep Tatum. Alright. Admiral Nida says, do I trade Jalen Green for Wendell Carter and Draymond Green in a 12 team category league? I think I think you do. I think you do. Because Jalen Green is, like, barely I don't even know if you have to roster him in the 1st place in a 12 team category league. Wendell Karga junior is Apex is definitely rosterable or should be rostered, and Draymond probably yeah. Should be roster as well. So I would I would do this. Yeah. 2 for 1 for sure. Mhmm. Thoughts on Jabari Walker rest of season. He has started 4 straight now for Portland. He's been in the mix, you know, really all season in their rotation. He's picked up more and more minutes over the last few weeks. Of note, you know, went from playing 32, 29, 30, 41 minutes down to just 22 with dominating back in the mix, able to get to the arena, these these last couple of games. So, you know, you gotta you gotta worry about that a little bit. But, yeah, I mean, in terms of, you know, is he roster bowl or whatnot, I guess. Yeah. I mean, Portland's really struggling to score. They're struggling to do everything lately. There's gonna be some really ugly games. I mean, they've scored under 90, like, 4 times in the last couple of weeks. So you're gonna have to live with the with the downs. But I for the most part, I I really like what I've seen from Jabari Walker. I think he feels he he feels to me more like a like a a true like, this guy could be part of our future as opposed to we're just throwing minutes out to anybody because we don't care. Yeah. I, I talked about him a little bit on the Friday pod, but I'll I'll kinda reiterate it because I I wrote a I also wrote a, like a dynasty article about like young guys to target and he just, he just missed the cut. I mean, I didn't want the article to be like 4,000 words about every young player in the NBA, but he has a, he has a really like, he's just a really unique stat profile where he's taking 3 threes a game. Well, he's all or the sorry, per 36. Per 36 minutes, he's taking 3 threes. He's also giving 3 offensive rebounds and 4 free throw attempts a game in addition to his 11 rebounds, and solid defense. So it's like a really bizarre. You don't see this a lot, a combination of, like, good 3 point shooter, also offensive rebounds, also gets the line, that kind of a thing. So I'm I'm really intrigued by him going forward. I think I think this season, yeah, maybe at the end of the year, he'll break out. But this to me is like, if you're in a deeper dynasty format and you're looking for someone, like, maybe I can just grab this guy really low key. No one's gonna notice. I just stash him for a while. I think I I'm I'm pretty interested in him. I got I gotta be honest. Alright. We will hit a couple more here. What do we got? Alright. Alex says, get Derek White for Anthony Simons. Thinking about doing a soft punt of points in a 12 team 9 cat league. So he'd be basically trading Simon straight up for Derek White. Trading Simon straight up for Derek White. I do. Do you have a strong opinion on this one? I I love Simon so much, and, you know, he showed basically showed exactly what we hoped early in the season. And then, you know, he's he's been, like, sick on and off the last couple of weeks, and it feels like that's impacting him a little bit. I think the blazer is just sucking. It's also dragging him down. But if if you're putting points, I guess, Derek White. Yeah. Then that makes sense because Simon gives you, you know, okay rebounding for size, okay assists. Really nothing defensively whatsoever. The big thing, I guess, you'd be losing other than points would be threes because he is very 3 point dependent, gets to the line a decent amount. But if you're okay putting points, then, yeah, I think I'd prefer Derek White because that's you know, points are are really what you're seeking with Simons. Yeah. Simons has been a little cold shooting the ball lately. I still think he has, like, top 60 upside ideally, but White's been playing at top 60 upside, like, all season, or he's been play he's been there. So, yeah, I would I would want White, I think, actually. Yeah. Good question for Paul. Is Chris Paul a hold or a drop? You know, we talked about some of these these injured guys being let go in into competitive leagues earlier. Last update we got was, like, almost 2 weeks ago that he'll be reevaluated in 3 weeks. So it could be back right before the All Star break. Would not be surprised if this goes to after the break. But what what say you on drop him? 8 caddies ranked 111th. It wasn't it wasn't like trending up or anything, you know? Mhmm. I feel like he's kind of just been this guy all year. I think it's a fine drop to be honest. I mean, if your IR is full, any buggy outside the top 100, if you're in a standard league, you don't really need to be rostering. Assuming you're not expecting anything crazy. I think you can drop him. Yeah. Okay. Makes sense. Alright. We'll do a couple more and then be out of here. Thinking of giving so he'd be offering Daniel Gafford and Wendell Carter for Darius Garland because of playoff schedule. Is it worth it basically to to to make this deal, take the short term hit, and then get Garland later? Gafford and Wendell Carter junior. I think is it a points league? You're just it's like it's it's a lot more straightforward with some of these trades because you're just you're just adding up the total points. So, you know, with Gafford, he's averaging 30 fantasy points a game, which I think is more than than people kinda realize. And with Wendell Carter showing, like, 30 fantasy point per game upside, that's 60. Garland's gonna get you 40 probably. So I think I would rather keep the 2 guys. If you if you think the playoff schedule is, like, way, way better, I understand wanting to make this move, but it's, it's it's I think it's it has a chance to be even. But Yeah. Yeah. I think you broke that down well. The only other thing I would say is, are you starting both Gafford and Carter Junior? Or if you're choosing 1 or the other and you can't start them both each week because they are both centers, obviously, then I would just do the do the deal and get Garland. But if you're if you're able to start them both, then like Alex said, you know, the math is is pretty simple to add up, and I think that's your better option, especially not knowing when Garland's coming back. He's gonna miss at least 3 more games. There's been no real indication that he's all that close, and, you just never know with with something like a broken jaw. Chahu says, who would you prefer in a 12 team points league? Buddy healed or Markelle Fultz? Tough tough question. Probably Fultz because you aren't like a lot of healed's value when we talk about healed and fantasy is the 3 pointers. And you don't get a bonus for that in a points league. Like, there's no, yeah, like a real bonus for that. So I would I would go Fultz even though we have some injury concerns. It's just that Hilde has Hilde has been up and down. Like, he's playing real well lately. He started the past 5 games and everything, but, like, he's averaging 24 fantasy points a game. There should be a 1,000,000 guys in the waiver wire close to 24 points a game, especially if you consider guys on 4 game weeks. I I think I'd rather have folds for the upside. Yep. You started. I mean, love yield in category leagues. Every year, he's top 5 in total made threes. He's inching his way toward that. Actually, by the end of the week, he'll probably be in the top 5 with Trae Young missing time. So, yeah, just a a different player in points league than he is in category leagues. Alright. Let's see. This is a good one. Would you trade Jaren Jackson for Siakam points league? Probably. Yeah. I'm worried about Jaren's action Yeah. Getting shut down for sure. Yeah. I worry about that too. You know, the inefficiency, less of a concern in points. I do think Jeremy Jackson is a slightly better player, but I think I think is gonna take off over these next few weeks in Indy. Alright. Let's do let's do one more, and then we'll we'll wrap it up. Let's see. I mean, well, this is a good one because we just talked about Fultz, Cam Johnson or Fultz. I I would still go Cam. I I'm I'm a little concerned by what I've seen for Fultz. I think I would still go Cam Johnson because I think he's just, first of all, I think he's just cold shooting. He's averaging 25 points a game on the season. Yeah. I don't know if Fultz is a 100% healthy. Like, it's hard for me to say, you know, we again, we just talked about Fultz, and there are situations where you should pick him up. But I think it's a decent bylaw on Cam Johnson. We're holding Shane Sharp on IR. Totally. This is a it depends for me. I do think when we saw it at the end of last year, like, they're not shutting him down. Right? Like, if if they do go into shutdown mode, it's Grant's yeah. I guess it could be Simon's, although he's young enough that you wouldn't think they need to, you know, brought in. We'll see if he's even on the roster, Eaton. But Sharp went nuts at the end of last year. The question is is, like, is it just too late and it doesn't even count for Fantasy? Very possible. Yeah. And I think Sharp's a little bit of an overrated category league player anyway, in a points league, I would say he's a 100% worth a stash. If you can, again, if you don't need the spot necessarily like, but yeah. And category leagues, he's he's not like a fantastic guy. Yeah. Appreciate the kind words here from Manila's most wanted. I wish we could do this every day, man. Us too. 1 of the best fantasy weekly shows. We do do it every day. Not Alex and I. I will say that, but we do have streams going every Monday through Friday. So I'm with Alex on Mondays, but we got Steve doctor Ray, a recent hall of famer in the fantasy industry. He hosts on Tuesdays. I'm back with Brandon Kravitz on Wednesday. We do a very similar show to this one on Wednesday mornings. Then Alex is back on Fridays with Ken and Shannon. That's always a really fun one. That one does numbers. You guys talk Waverwire, super valuable, going into the weekend. So while you don't get out tonight every day, we we do have 5 streams a week. So make sure you check those out, on Twitter or on the rotor wire YouTube page. We'll end on this one, Alex. Matt says, thanks, guys. Appreciate the the show. Appreciate you listening, Matt. Too bad about the Packers, but I'm excited about their future. Yes. I am as well. Do you see the Bucks making any moves before the deadline? This is, near and dear to our heart. We had that weird report that they were interested in. Dejounte Murray. You and I kinda talked about that. I'm like, with what assets? I think they will. I would think they will try to, make a move. In my opinion, I don't think they should be shy about trading guys like Beauchamp or Andre Jackson and Payne and whatever picks they can trade on. I don't think they should be shy about that. I know some people are kind of attached to Beauchamp. He's fine. If we but if you can get someone like even like Caruso, or someone like that, I think you just you just do it. The the line right. I don't know. You just do it. Yeah. I think those are far more realistic targets. I mean, I had so many people text me last week, like, are are we good to Jonty Murray? I'm like, how? How, man? Like, I mean, like, do they want are you sending out Khris Middleton? You know, like, for 1, matching salaries is is one thing. But even even if that wasn't a consideration, it's like, you know, to the are the hawks dying to get their hands on Pat Connaughton? You know, Andre Jackson and and Marjan Beauchamp, I think, have some value. I don't think those are the the key pieces in a Dejounte Murray trade. I just I just don't think that type of deal is likely for Milwaukee. I I think they'll yeah. Maybe you get a 3rd team involved, I guess. But, again, like, Milwaukee's you know, all their draft capitals tied up through 2030. So they don't really have a whole lot they could put on the table there either. I just I don't I don't really see it. You know, that's you go all in to get Damian Lillard. That's the price you pay is you you just don't really have that kind of flexibility. So I think they'll do something. They'll they'll obviously be active in the buyout market, but I don't I would be very surprised if they find a way to bring in someone to Caliber Murray. Alright, guys. Thanks, everybody, for listening, watching along live. You could catch the archive version on YouTube whenever you want. We we put this on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, wherever you get your pods as well. So just subscribe to the rotor wire fantasy basketball pod. Check us out. Rotor wire.com/basketball. We put a ton of content up there every single day throughout the season and during the off season for what it's worth. You can also hear Alex and I Monday through Friday on SiriusXM NBA Radio. We do a a preview show talking gambling, talking fantasy. That is 7 to 7:30 EST, Monday through Friday. You can hear me on the Fantasy Channel, 8 to 10 PM EST, Monday through Thursday as well. So thanks for another good show, guys. These are great batch of questions. I'll be back on Wednesday with Brandon. Alex, he'll be back Friday, and we'll be back together next week, Monday.