Welcome into a Monday edition of the Road to Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Nick Whalen joined as I am every Monday by Alex Barutho. We get a special guest on the pod. Those of you listening along, watching live on Twitter, on YouTube, you can see him right here. He is Adam King. He's been writing for Rotowire for a long, long time, been doing a ton of work for us over the years. And, Adam, you are are currently in the midst of your, trip over to the United States from Australia. So, tell us about, you know, the games that you've already been to. I know I know you're hitting as many NBA games as you can. What else is on the schedule? Standouts. We'll we'll kinda start there and then move into some of our biggest takeaways from the weekend. Yeah. No. Good good to be here. It's good that we can line up. Normally, there's a time difference, which is an issue, so not at the moment. What games we've been to? We've been to a couple of Pelicans games, a Celtics game, a Pacers game, and we've got 2 more Pacers games to go before we head home. Standouts for me, I think we're we were lucky enough when we went to the Pelicans games. We were able to get VIP pregame tickets, so we were able to get down right next to the court and watch the shoot around. For me, it was how big some players are and how small some players are. So CJ McCollum was very small. He was a lot smaller than I thought. Mitchell Robinson is very big, stood next to him, and and he sort of towered over me. The Celtics, just I think for me that the what stands out is the different environments, the different courts, the different crowds, like New Orleans, very different to Boston, and then Boston, very different to Indiana as well. The Boston crowd is just, they're ready for a championship, this year. It's they're they're very excited. We we actually saw the Pacers game in Indiana, in Boston where Boston won by 50. So it wasn't a close game, but seeing Sam Houser and Peyton Pritchard go off in the Q4, the crowd was just as loud for that as they were for the the start of the game. So, yeah. No. Look. It's been a really fun trip, other than getting sick, but that usually happens when you travel. So, we're off to the the web and the arm again tonight, which should be fun. Nice. Very nice. Spurs are, in action. Where who who do they have tonight? Oh, they're at Indiana. Okay. There we go. Yeah. So I was I was like, when I look at my scoreboard, I've always scroll to the bottom because they I feel like they play late games, but they are on the road at Indy. Where were you over the weekend? Did you catch any of the in season tournament games on Friday? No. So we just missed those. We missed the, the Indiana in season game by 1 night. So Okay. Yeah. They played the who did that? I can't even remember who they played in that first in season game, but we caught them on the night after. Right? Yeah. They might have. We caught them the night after. Okay. So, yeah, we we we saw the, Hornets game, that was very close. Yeah. And yeah. So I didn't get to see any of those wild court designs. So we we mentioned CJ McCollum. You said you saw him in person down in New Orleans. Got the news that he's dealing with a collapsed lung. This is now the second time over the last few years that McCollum has dealt with this. I I am yet to really see anything definitive as far as how long he could miss. You know, December of 2021 was the last time this happened, and he missed about a month and a half. Should be an evaluation, you know, the next day or so that will provide us some more information on McCollum. But, guys, should we be bracing for, you know, a 4 to 6 at least week absence here? I will I will say, you know, McCollum missed. This is from, Matt Smith on Twitter who I think he's a basketball monster guy. Last time, McCollum had a a collapse long, he missed 18 games. So, like, over a month. Yep. 2 other players who had collapsed longs were Terrence Jones and Gerald Wallace, and they missed 6 7 games. So I think, you know, if you're a fantasy manager, I think you have to be ready for McCollum to visit bare minimum 2 weeks. Okay. And since it's like a recurring issue for him, I you just can't be surprised if it's a month or more, but I it's probably something that I imagine ends up being, probably week to week. Like, you may not know on Monday if he's planning on playing Friday. Like, they may have to kinda take it day by day or something. What's your level of interest in Dyson Daniels? Is that the is that the obvious pivot? You know, we we could see a little more Jordan Hawkins. You know, maybe Kyra Lewis, their 1st round pick from a few years ago who got hurt, but, I I, yeah, I think Dyson Daniels is the the most obvious fill in for the next couple of weeks. We did you kinda forget CJ McCollum is essentially the full type point guard and one of the only true point guards on this roster. So is that somebody you were grabbing off waivers over the weekend? Well, what do you think, Adam? Yeah. Look. I I I actually put in a bid for him last night in the, industry pickup league, and he ended up going to Mitch Casey for $90, out of a $1,000 budget. So so Mitch paid up and and, yeah, I think it's Dyson Daniels. I think we've seen enough from Hawkins and, Matt Ryan. We we know who they are. They're not really ready. I don't think, I think Ingram's gonna handle the ball a lot more without McCollum. So, yeah, I think Daniels is the one. If if you if you wanna take a flyer on someone, as long as you don't need sort of guaranteed scoring, he's gonna he's gonna sort of chip in across a few categories on most nights, I think. Guys, we we saw the Memphis Grizzlies last night finally pick up their first win of the season. They avenged a loss to Portland on Friday, getting the 112, 100 victory. So far for Memphis, it it's kind of been a 2 man show with with Jared Jackson and Desmond Bane, and we we knew that would be the case to some degree. You know, Marcus Smartis has had some ups and some downs as well, hasn't been a a great start for him. You know, I I watched this Memphis team, and, you know, we could talk about some of the fantasy ramifications in a moment, but it it feels to me like a team that's relying on a bunch of guys who if they're your 7th, 8th, 9th man, you you feel pretty good. But if you're asking Zaire Williams to to be your 3rd or 4th mitigator, like, that that's gonna be a little bit of a problem. Like, how concerned are you guys about this grizzlies team? I mean, I I was pretty concerned to start the year. I was surprised how many people picked their over, you know, on the win totals, although that was before Steven Adams got hurt. I think some of those people maybe changed their tune, because of the Morant Steven Adams thing was such a, such a crucial part of the offense. But you said it. I mean, there's just, you know, Bain, Triple J, Marcus Smart. Like, those are really the only guys on this team that I have any confidence in. Even Tillman is pretty up and down. You know, they signed Biambo. Zaire Williams looks interesting, but he, like, wasn't even in the rotation last year. Like, everybody else on this team, it's just they wouldn't even be, like, guaranteed rotation players on some, you know, championship contenders. So I'm I'm definitely concerned. Yeah. I've I was pretty concerned as well. Steven Adams is pretty important to this team, so not having him there. And then you remember Brandon Clark isn't there as well, so, he would be playing big minutes if if he was there now, and he's somewhat trustworthy. So, yeah, I was pretty concerned, and I haven't seen anything thus far. I mean, they won last night, but it was against Portland. How many games are they gonna win this season? Not many. I don't think so. Yeah. Worrying times, I think, in Memphis. Could be worrying times for the Orlando Magic as well. We're off to a pretty good start. We can quibble about some of the teams that they beat, but they're 42 so far, picked up a nice win over the LA Lakers over the weekend. But, guys, we are we are going down this path once again with Wendell Carter. It's always one step forward, 2 steps back. He's out now for at least the next 3 weeks, due to a fracture, on a finger in his left hand. So, probably won't see Wendell Carter until at or around, Thanksgiving. Alex, we saw some some monster bids come in. Ken Crites, our guy, added Goga Bitadze for $53 in the rotor wire snake league last night. A ton of a 100, by the way. It's not of a 100. The industry pick a 100 of a 1000. We have I saw that, and I went to the settings page to double check that the budget was a 100. Yeah. Because at end of PKC, it's also a 1,000. So it's like, okay. Look. I mean, I plug in a bid for Betadze. I think I somewhere in, like, the $15 range. I don't quite remember. I mean, he's someone that I think, like, the casual fan has no idea who he is. People who have played fantasy for, you know, the past half decade know that he's, like, a per minute guy. Yeah. But people who've ever written player notes have known it because he's been banged up for two and a half straight years. Exactly. And he hit look. He had a nice game. And if he continues to play 26, like, basically, if him and Wagner split playing time going forward at the 5, I think they can both be fantasy viable, in 12 team leagues, maybe more so on 4 game weeks because Betatze is not gonna do 1010, 5, and 2 every single game. But but what do you think, Jacob? I mean, they also have Markelle Fultz is is dealing with a knee injury too right now and has has been out, past, what, 2 games? Yeah. Fultz is already out for 2 he's been ruled out for tonight, so that'll be his 3rd. It does sound like he was able to go through through some of the pregame stuff, so he's getting closer. So I'm hoping it's only another one of 2 games because I've got him in a lot of teams. Yeah. In terms of that center position, I think both players probably have value. At the moment, it'll depend a little bit on the matchup, but that's they'll be used a little bit more if they're against your more traditional big center, whereas, Wagner has the ability to stretch the floor and and switch out a little bit. So I didn't get Potadze anywhere, but I managed to get, Moe Wagner for $3. So while everyone went bid on Potadze, I just went $3 on Wagner, and, he only played about 20 minutes, I think, so I'm hoping that that could maybe creep up to 25 in in some matchups, but we'll see. But, yeah, Wendell Carter, I'm pretty glad I didn't draft him anywhere. Well, I I think everybody's rushing out to get Potatze because he had 5 blocks the other night, against the Lakers. And I I get it. You know, he also had 10 points, 10 rebounds. There's just not a lot of evidence to suggest that, you know, that's anything sustainable. And, you you know, if you're you're picking him up and, you know, it's not like window Carter towards ACL here. It's like he could be back in the next 3 weeks. You know, nothing against our guy, uncle Ken Crites. Love him to death. I don't know if I'd wanna, you know, spend half of my my fab budget on somebody who might only be viable for a few weeks and is likely to have some down games in there. I mean, he you look back at last season. You know, how many games did he play? Well, we'll we'll even just say 20 plus minutes. He had 8 games where he played 20 plus minutes. In those games, he averaged 7 points, 8 rebounds, 1.3 blocks. And I I don't think this is a situation, you know, where he's playing 30 to 35 minutes. Like you said, Adam, I you know, if it's would you rather spend 40 to $50 for or 3 to $5 for for Bo Wagner? To me, that's a pretty easy decision. Yeah. And I think I think one thing about, one thing about Wagner too in this game. Wagner had 5 fouls in this game against the Lakers. Right. So he was a bit of foul trouble. He also took a a season high 10 shots from the field in his 19 minutes, and he can play some forward as well. So, you know, if if for whatever reason they kinda wanna go small, Wagner might be a better option there. So, yeah, whoever you got, I I wouldn't feel bad about it. We'll we'll kinda see how it develops, though. Got a question in the chat, from our guy, Jordy, who says, is it time to drop Jeremy Solhan? He is in a dynasty league, so keep that in mind. In dynasty, I'm I'm willing to to see this out. You know, if anything, in in that, I would try to trade him as opposed to just straight up dropping him into dynasty league. But I think we can apply this to redraft as well. I mean, if you're I I stayed away from Solhan for the most part, so I don't I don't have a lot of exposure to him. I haven't really had to deal with this. Just really invest ball. But if you have him right now in a redraft league, are are you thinking about cutting bait? What do you think, Aaron? I'm I'm I'm okay holding him. I've got him in 2 1 or 2 leagues, and I'm really only in head to head leagues. So in the teams that I've got him on, I really just need him to get some assists, some rebounds, not kill my free throw percentage, some defensive stats. So I wasn't relying in him for points or threes or anything like that. So I think depending on your build, I think he's okay to hold because I think the Spurs are invested in him one way or the other, whether it's at their start as their starting point guard long term or or this is a short term thing. They're not in a position where they will need to give up on this idea of him as a point guard after 2 weeks. So I think they they can roll with this for a month, 2 months, even if it's not working. Devon Vassell is out at the moment as well with a groin, I think, groin thing. So that probably gives him a bit more, opportunity there. So I'm okay holding him. I wouldn't just drop him as you said. You could maybe look to trade him, but I wouldn't just be dropping him yet. Yeah. I don't I don't think there's a reason to drop him in in dynasty leagues, because someone's going to be high on him. So you you you're probably gonna be able to give a trade like Nick said. And even as I mean, it's hard to say whether or not he's playing poorly. I mean, 9, 6, and 5 with a steal and 27 minutes. Like, that's not bad. I I think the upside here is, like, he's only 20 years old and he fits next to win Benjama. So if you're a dynasty league, those two things are going in your favor. And even even if you think he's playing poorly, still ranked a 150th. Like, he's not he's not killing you. He's still a 4 game week guy. So, yeah, I would definitely hang on to him or or look to move him if anything. Got a question or potentially a statement, from from Adrian here. I it reads as a statement. I assume it's a question. Should you try to buy low at Julius Randle who is off to just a disastrous start to the year? You know, it's kinda he and Lavela Ball are the are the guys that are are primarily responsible for killing field goal percentage categories right now. At least Lavela got on track last night, gave you 30, 10 and 10. Julius Randle through 6 games, guys. 13.7 points per game, 27% from the field, 22% from 3. The free throw shooting, that's also been bad. 61% on the year. He's never been a great free throw shooter, but he's been, you know, at least kinda mid to high seventies. He's had a couple 80 plus seasons in his career. 1, what is going on with Julius Randle? And 2, Alex, are you willing to buy low if somebody offers them up? So he had off season ankle surgery, and so I assume he basically did nothing, you know, basketball wise over the off season. I think that's some of it because Randall, you know, Randall's not really like a good natural shooter. He kinda has worked his way into becoming a better shooter, and I think taking an whole off season offer him is is probably bad on that front. I would buy low. I mean, this is someone who basically has a fantasy floor when he's been right, you know, basically with New York of, like, I don't know, 6th, 7th round. And the good news here is he's still taking basically the same amount of shots. Like, his usage hasn't really decreased at all, and his assists are actually up compared to last season. So, yeah, I mean, if I can trade someone who who I would project as, like, the, like, a top 90 or player, you know, over the rest of the season, and I can get Randall in return, I I think I would do that. Yeah. Yeah. Look. I'm probably about as low as anyone on Randall, but I still think this is a good buy low opportunity because as you said, he's gonna be better than this. He's shooting I think I saw something the other day. This is the worst start to a season in history in terms of field goal percentage. So he'll be better. Look. I I saw him in the warm up when they played the Pelicans, and he he just wasn't right. Like, you could tell he hadn't he he wasn't where the other guys were in terms of shots falling, just rhythm, that sort of thing. So I think he'll be better. I did read, I think, this morning that there is possibly some conjecture within the Knicks locker room about their direction and their style of play and that sort of thing, which doesn't really come as a surprise to me. But I'd certainly buy low if if you could if you can find a manager who's pretty frustrated and just willing to give him up for anything, then you might as well throw an offer out there. It can't get any worse is the is the one thing I would say. I mean, it truly can't get worse. I I think it there it has to get better. And if you've weathered the storm so far I mean, but Julius Randle, he's he's not he hasn't been on your bench. Right? You've been thinking the last 2 weeks it's gonna get better. It it will. So I I wouldn't say I'd go out of my way to to buy low, but if you if you could do it without giving up too much, I I think I think and, you know, especially if you're not the one that's been armed, you know, on your on your roster for the last 2 weeks by this, you have to assume that he's gonna trend upward. Let's see. We got a few more good questions in the chat here. You know, a lot of people have asked us about Miles Bridges. I have no information. I have no idea. Nobody really seems to know. I my guess is that he plays at some point, you know, unless Charlotte, you know, kinda gets, for better, for worse, pressured into not playing him. I I think that's one of the holdups right now. But it seems the way that Charlotte has operated that unless he is suspended by the NBA or, you know, not allowed to participate in NBA games legally, I I think they're going to pursue, you know, him coming back at some point, especially if they continue to struggle. I mean, they it it no doubt makes them a better basketball team. You know, obviously, there are a ton of things going on off the court, and he's, I think, proven himself to to not be anything close to a model citizen. But if if we're just asking for fantasy basketball purposes, I don't know when he's coming back, but I'd be pretty surprised if he doesn't play at all this year. Yeah. There there was actually I think news actually came out the other day that unless anything changes between now and when his 10 game suspension is up, whether that's a an extra suspension or any additional news. So based on what we know right now, expectations are that he will play, in that 11th game. I'm not sure what the date is. Mhmm. But that that's what I read, and and I've heard of other few analysts talking about that and and saying. So I've I've got him on a couple of my injured in my injured slots, and and I'm just gonna hold and see what happens. Yeah. I I again, not not a whole lot to say there. Like you said, he is technically eligible, you know, once that 10th game is served. I think at that point, it's just, you know, it it's almost reminiscent of the Sean Watson situation in the NFL at some point where it's like, is the organization willing to stomach some negative PR? If they are, then they probably throw it out there and and, you know, in their mind, hope that it blows over. But, yeah, I I I think I would if you if you're holding them for now, probably do it for another week. I don't think now is the time to cut bait. You know, see where see where we get at that 10 game mark, and then you could go from there. Got a couple questions, guys, about Cam Thomas. You know, Adrian asking, basically, do we think Cam Thomas could keep this up? Should we look to trade him? We had another question of, you know, if we do wanna trade Cam Thomas, who are the type of players that you could target, that that have the same ceiling? But first, Adam, I wanna get your take on on Adam or on, Cam Thomas and whether or not he could keep this up. Because it it does feel like whenever he's been granted this opportunity in the past, you know, whether it's been this year or or kind of in in random one off situations last season, you know, he's he's a free ticket to 25 plus points whenever he gets the minutes. Yeah. He's, you know, some of this is that Cam Johnson's been out. You know, I don't I don't think his minutes or his workload has a lot to do with, like, the Claxton absence, Unless you think like, you know, Claxton's going to start playing 30 minutes and then finish Smith gets like shifted down and it just keeps everyone keeps sliding down and then and then Thomas gets squeezed, but I don't really think that's gonna happen. I mean, this this nets team is just really it's not that good. They don't have championship aspirations. They don't I you don't envision them winning the Eastern Conference or anything like that. So for them, like, they have this 22 year old guy who clearly is one of the most, like, just talented pure scores, in the league. You gotta you gotta let him play a little bit. So, like, I will he continue to play 33 minutes a game and average 26 points? I don't think so. But it's hard for me to imagine even when Cam Johnson comes back, Thomas not seeing 20 minutes game. But I think this is about as high as the stock will be this season if you're if you're sort of asking, like, is this a sell high point? Yeah. And, you know, he's a top 40 guy in Roto League so far. It's it's the points that are pretty much single handedly doing that. I mean, he spent 85% at the line on high volume, so that helps too. But, you know, he's not a great rebounder. He goes out of his way to not pass. You know, maybe gets you a steal per game. So I I think there is still there's still a little bit of a disconnect as far as, you know, how effective he's been in real life versus fantasy. But the the second part of the question, yeah, do you do any kind of demographic type of player come to mind as far as who you would target if you if you're trying to sell high on Camp Jarvis? Maybe somebody in your league needs the help in points, needs the help in free throw percentage. You know, I I'm kinda looking at look. I think I mean, you got a name? I think Adam's having some Internet connection issues. Okay. I'll I'll lead into it, and then we when Eric is back, I'll let him take it. But this this could be your classic, you like, you hey. Could you target Julius Randle? Like, you know, you could That's what I was gonna say. Yeah. I think I think you look to sell high, on Thomas for a guy who's underperforming that you know is like a top 50 or a top 60 player, assuming their shooting gets back on track. I think that's kinda what you're looking at. Yeah. Are you are you back with us now, Adam? No. I might be. Do you have me? Alright. We're back. We're back, man. Gotcha. Alright. So do do you have any any players in mind who you know, if you're let's say you're trying to sell Cam Thomas, somebody you're targeting, you know, I'm thinking, you know, DeMar DeRozan, somebody like that. I mean, can you can you aim that high or do you have to do you have to go into your lower? Alright. I think we might have lost that. I mean, you'd have to find a a manager who's willing yeah. Okay. Keep going, dude. I think I think there might just be a lag yeah. I think there's a big delay. Hang on. I don't know. Yeah. Okay. I would try to try to just back out back back, come back into the stream. But, Alex, yeah, nonetheless, we will we'll continue to run through a few players here. It's so tough because we're still we're still early enough on that. You know, some teams have only played 5 games and, you know, like, the the overall season long fantasy rankings aren't really, you know, reminiscent of of what to expect going forward. I I I think I'm aiming you know, you're looking for, I I think, somebody who you project to finish, what, somewhere between 40th 60th 40th 70th in total value. Like, you're not you're not gonna pry away Damian Lillard for for Cam Thomas, obviously. But I think you find a veteran, maybe a veteran who's off to a slightly slow start, you go from there. Yeah. And, look, I mean, what what Cam Thomas is doing for you and your fantasy leagues is almost exclusively points. Like, that's what he's getting you. He's getting you points and, I guess, free throw percentage. He's a good free throw surety. He takes a lot of them. But, you know, points are relatively easy to find on the wire. You can stream guys in on 4 game weeks. What's tougher to find is, like, high level assist guys. Yep. So if you could trick Cam Thomas for someone who's pulling up great assist numbers, assuming you need assists, if it's your build, whatever it is, I think that's the kind of move that that I'd be looking to make. Got a question from Marco on Jalen Green. He's so frustrating to have. Yes. He is. He is very frustrating to have. I I don't really have a lot of Jalen Green in redraft. I got him in our our staff keeper league. You know, took took some flyers on him in baseball. I I I love the idea of Jalen Green. I I still do think long term, it's it should work out. I I just I think him landing in Houston and especially the situation that Houston's in now, which is, in my opinion, in a roundabout way worse, you know, you know, now he has to compete with Dillon Brooks and Fred VanVleet for touches. I I just think he's in a really bad spot developmentally, and I I don't like how much I'm seeing something like Nick Young, Jordan Poole shot selection from Jalen Green this season. Like, he doesn't he he's too good to be playing like that. And I I think the the lack of discipline and, you know, just the the the fact that Houston is trying to simultaneously develop, like, 5 players 22 and under at the same time, it's it's hurting not only him, but it's hurting all of them. Yeah. I I wrote about Jalen Green in an article that was sort of like, do you panic about these specific players who are who are underperforming? And I didn't quite, like, have the panic button push for Jalen Green, but I tried to lay it out. Like, there's not a lot of positive indicators right now. It's not like he's just shooting badly. His his usage rate is down. If you if you use the usage rate that also accounts for assists, which is on cleaning the glass, last year he was at 28. This year he's at 26. So he's getting fewer touches. He's not passing as much. Yes. His field goal percentage is down, but really not that much. Same with his free throw, etcetera. Like, he's not improved on defense. He just he's kinda just the guy he's been since his rookie year. And do you roster that guy in fantasy? I can't blame you because you can still put him in on 4 game weeks and hope that he kinda bounces back sooner than later, or I should just say improves in general. But I would not be married to the idea of, like, rostering Jalen Green, especially in, like, a 10 team category league. Alright. Interesting one here, Alex, from the, Taylor Made Clan. You know, from from one golfer to another. I I appreciate the, the username here. Got offered Zach LaVine for Pascal Siakam. 10 team, points league. Do I take it, or do we see Pascal Siakam turning things around, as we we welcome Adam King back to the mix here? Alex, I I am dealing with, the Pascal Siakamos in a number of leagues right now. Had that big game. I I believe it was against Milwaukee last week. But other than that, man, it it just it feels like he's, like, switched bodies with Scottie Barnes. But he's already had, like, 4 disaster games, including his worst game of the year, against the San Antonio Spurs last night, 8 points, 6 rebounds, 5 assists. I I I like like Julius Randle, I do think Siakam gets a turnaround. The track record certainly suggests he will. But, even if Siakam was just off to an average start date, I think, you know, Siakam versus LaVine is an interesting one to talk about. If you have us, Agam, do you wanna take this one? I I've got you. Have you got me? Okay. Yeah. You got you, buddy. Okay. Alright. Who would I rather oh, it's actually a tough one. Yes. Look, the outcome looked pretty bad. The Raptors have looked pretty bad. So I'd I'd probably take LaVine in a points league. It's pretty close for me. I do think, as you said, Siakam will get better, but I thinks I think LaVine role, just what what he does, is pretty much guaranteed every night. So I I'd probably lean LaVine slightly, but it it's pretty close for me. Yeah. I I I kinda feel the same way, actually. I mean, I was I have to admit I was big on Siakam this draft season. You know? I thought he was definitely a 3rd round guy. Like, if he was there for me, I was almost never letting him get past. I thought with the with the absence of Fred VanVleet, you know, that he would really step up more into a number one one role. But like like Nick mentioned, it's the Scottie Barnes show and even the Duncan Schroder show who's who's been playing excellent for them. And Siakam, yes, he's not shooting very well, but his usage rate is down 7%. That is massive. That's a massive decrease. He went from 29 to 22 right now this season, and LaVine is back up at 28. And when the difference is that big in usage, honestly, I just wanna lean on the guy that's that's a bigger part of the offense. Right now, that's LaVine. And LaVine is not not shooting that well either, and his assists are relatively low. Neither of these guys are like pure specialists either. It's not like Siakam has some low usage rate, but he's a block specialist or something. No. It's like these guys are both they they need touches. So I would I would lean on the on the LaVine side because I think they both LaVine probably has a higher ceiling this year, honestly, at this point. Yeah. I've been very concerned with what I've seen from Siakam, and this is a a trade that I may have to be seeking out myself at some point. Speaking of the Raptors, is Scottie Barnes a big sell high, asks Raya. If so, who do you think you can get for him, or do we just hold? Alex, what what do you think about this one? I'm looking at Scottie Barnes. He is 10th in 8 category per game value so far. So certainly not somebody that you're, you know, in a hurry to offload with how well he's playing. And with each passing game, I I I feel like I'd be less and less inclined to deal him. But what say you? Yeah. With with these sorts of questions, you have to ask yourself what what is sustainable and what is not sustainable. Most of the time, this comes down points wise, this comes down to volume, and percentages. And is you know, he's shooting 51% from the field. Not that high for a guy like or excuse me. It's yeah. It's not crazy high for a guy like him. I expect his 42% 3 point shooting to come down, but I think his free throw percentage is fine. Don't really expect much from, like, a rebound and assist standpoint to change. I will say a lot of his fantasy value is coming from his 2.1 blocks per game. Last season, he averaged 0.8. So if that comes back down and then kinda normalizes to, like, 1.3, 1 point 4, yeah, it's gonna be a big hit to his fantasy value because blocks are weighted so heavily in a category league. But at the same time, you know, I don't think I would trade them unless I could get, like, a guaranteed like, the like, a 25th ranked player for him. Like, if you wanna trade me Karl Anthony Towns or something like that for him, we're gonna think about it, but I would probably just keep Siak or, Barnes if I just had him at this point. Yeah. I'd I'd probably agree. I was gonna say top 30. So Sure. So top 25. Yeah. I he's blocked, so I don't think they hold a 2.1. I could see him blocking over a shot again. A 1.1.01. This is sort of what we were hoping for last season from him. We was everyone was pretty high on him. They thought he was gonna run the offense a bit more, and it didn't happen. And now that Van Fleet's gone, I guess they've they've just gone to him a little bit more. But if you watched, his last game, which was was it last not last night's game? Maybe. He was pretty bad in the first half. I think he only had, like, 3 points at halftime, and then he just went off in the second half, and and maybe over time. I can't remember if that game went to overtime, but, it hasn't been all all sort of roses and rainbows. So there have been some down points, but I, yeah, I do think he's in for a good season. But as you said, I I probably would be looking for a second round, a third round at minimum. Mhmm. Alright. We got a a couple questions here from from our guy, Free Key. He's asked us about Nicholas Claxton. If you if you're frustrated with that situation, you don't wanna deal with, you know, however long he's gonna be out, you know, now dealing with, I believe, a high ankle sprain. And there's been some indication, you know, that this could be multiple weeks, if not months. You know, who are the type of players that you could, you know, offer? You know, you you obviously, you're selling low on Nicholas Claxton, so you might have to to buy low as well. Do you have any interest in in Derek Lively and and Russell Westbrook? Are there any other, you know, kind of struggling young players or veterans that you're you're pretty confident are going to bounce back? I think if I have Claxton, I'd be holding, for an offer like what Lively and Westbrook. Although, I think if you're if you have Lively and Westbrook, it's like worth the shot to try to get Claxton because the the ankle inch issue, it really is unclear. Like, you know, we had Eric Slater of clutch points report that a left a a high ankle sprain is a 6 to 8 week recovery timetable, but the nets are kind of treating him as day to day. So you can't even be shocked if Claxton's out 2 months. So maybe there's an impatient manager, especially if they're at the bottom of their league and they just need points, you know, and they or they just need production. But that's, you know, that's something you could think about, I I think, from both sides. Yeah. I mean, 1st and foremost, Adam, are are you looking to sell Nicholas Claxton? I think it's it's one way to look at it. I'm probably not. I don't have him anyway. So personally, I'm not. But if you do have him, I probably wouldn't just because I don't think you're gonna get anything back that's equal value at the moment. As you said, it would only be if, I guess, if you can cop that loss because you would have drafted him wanting rebounds and blocks. So that's what you'd be potentially looking to get back in a trade if if you are looking to shore up those categories. Lively and Westbrook, Lively has been a bit up and down. He has looked good at times, and then he has looked like a rookie at times. Westbrook, we don't know what his role is gonna look like with Harden there now. So, if you're, if you're looking to try and get Claxton, just throw a low offer out and see what happens, but if I have him, I'd probably be hesitant if possible because we are only in week 3, So maybe we get some more clarity at some point in the next week about whether this is a 2 week injury or a or a 6 to 8 week injury. Another quick one on Siakam. This is quickly devolving into a a Pascal Siakam pod here. Would you trade it for MPJ? Is that is that selling too low? I think that's selling too low. Yeah. Siakam touches the ball and and still handles the ball enough for me to to want him over MPJ. Not to mention Porter's injury history. I'd I'd probably I'd probably do it for MPJ. I don't know if I'm buying MPJ at that price. I mean, he's been off to a good start, but I think he kinda is who he is at this point. And, you know, the the promise of him developing into a true star level player just doesn't doesn't really seem to be there even as he stay healthy. You know, he's just gonna become this the spot up guy and the rebounding tends to come and go. The defensive stats haven't really been there, but I I don't know. Maybe it's just because I have Siakam on so many teams, Alex, but I I I couldn't quite settle for that return. Interesting question for Marco. What do you project Harden's stats to be? I mean, difficult to say, of course. And I I I think part of it depends on, you know, how long do they insist on trying to start Russell Westbrook? I think that could last, like, 2 games tops. You know, maybe it works out, and they they find a way, but that just doesn't seem sustainable. I I I think in talking to a lot of people about this, Alex, I found myself to be on the more optimistic side with Harden. You know, even though he's forced his way in and out of so many spots, like, wherever he's gone, he's produced, you know, especially for Fantasy. And I you know, we've seen him play alongside multiple stars before. So, you know, the the presence of PG and Kawhi doesn't really scare me all that much. It's like, even if Harden is not the best player on his team, he always ends up with the ball in his hands because that's kind of the only way he knows how to play. So what do you what do you what do you kinda look at what he did last year and say, maybe you take away 5 to 10% of that to be safe? I I it's tough to say for sure, but, I I think he could still be a pretty pretty elite fantasy player. I think he can be a very good fantasy player. You know, last year, he averaged 21 and 11, 6 rebounds as well, and 37 minutes. Some of this equation to me comes down to, is he gonna continue playing 37 minutes? You know, if if the Clippers really are this good with him, and, you know, he is 34, maybe they cut his minutes down to 33, 34 minutes a night, especially when you have guys like Paul George and Kawhi Leonard and even Westbrook who can take on more usage. You know, when I well, after the trade, I went in and and changed his projections because that's that's what we do. I projected him for 19.7 points and 7.5 assists. The assists I know are a bit low, but think about how much Kawhi handles the ball and Paul George and his, you know, his how much is Westbrook gonna be out there? You know, I would rather underproject him than overproject him. I also gave him a 3 minute per game discount or a decrease compared to last season. So Mhmm. I mean, I still think he, you know, under that sort of premise and you have him projected for 66 games, I think he returned 3rd or 4th round value. So I think wherever you drafted him, would you probably drafted him especially late in the draft season, like, maybe in the 3rd round? I think he'll be fine. Yeah. I mean, by the end of draft season, he was going in the mid fifties. And, like, when I did my NFBKC, I think he went, like, 55th. That was the day before the season. I I never really felt like he was in danger or missing the entire year, and I think it probably would have been slightly better for his fantasy value to stay in Philly. But if you got him in the forties or fifties, I I think you're gonna be just fine. It's hard for me to imagine Arden falling off to that degree. Oh, man. Let's see. Talks to Dennis Schroder, the cousins, asking about what do you think about Schroder? Is it sustainable for what he does statistically? He's been a vastly better fantasy player than Pascal Siakam so far. I I would like to say it's not sustainable, but if you could just tell me that he's on this roster the whole year, I I think it kinda is partially because they have nobody behind him. They have nobody behind him. He is still you know, I I saw this stat, I think, when they were, like, 3 games into the season, but I just double checked. And, yes, he is still 9th in the NBA in touches per game. To me, that is a like, a massive stat for for Schroeder. 25% usage rate. I to me, this is pretty sustainable. There's not a ton that Schroder is doing right now, especially when you consider how much he is touching the ball. That is is really unsustainable. I mean, I don't look. He's not gonna continue shooting 42% from 3. That's not who he is. It's gonna probably normalize down to 33%, but you only lose what? One point a game off of that. So, yeah, I think if he averages, like, 15 and 8 for the rest of the year, I I just don't see why he couldn't do that sort of given, like, the underlying usage. Got a question about Buddy Healed from Brandon. Buddy Healed thoughts. I I'm very proud Buddy Healed, as you know. I've I've telling everybody who will listen that since he's been in the league, he's played 23 more games than anybody else. He never misses time. He consistently finishes 2nd in the NBA in threes behind either Curry, Lillard, Klay, or Harden. I I think he'll probably do it again even though his minutes have been up and down, even though they might trade him at some point. He is somebody that I love rostering. It feels like his costs his costs never increases the way it should. Like, there's always a a 30 spot difference between where he finishes in total value and where he's drafted. But until he has, you know, some sort of severe injury, I don't care if he's starting. I don't care if he's coming off the bench. I mean, he's playing he's playing fewer minutes than last season. He's still giving you 3.2 made threes per game in what feels like it's been a slow start. So I'm I'm very pro buddy. If if someone's looking to sell them, I am buying. Yeah. It's tough to say after they, you know, they didn't, agree in that extension. He's coming off the bench now. His minutes, like you mentioned, been up and down. I to me, he needs probably 30 minutes a game, maybe only 28 to be like a 12 team guy depending on your build. He's getting 24 right now, but we've mentioned it's up and down. I mean, I think if you drafted him, it's a hold. I think if he's on the waiver wire, you can just grab him. I I don't think there's a reason not to. That's so that's that's where I stand on him. We got a question about Trey Murphy from Ian. Is Trey Murphy playing this month? I would be pretty surprised if he doesn't. I mean, there's a video of him, like, 2 days ago shooting around during pregame in basically full uniform. Looked good to me. I mean, look like somebody who could play very soon. I think the initial timetable from early September was 8 to 12 weeks, 10 to 12 weeks. That would be Yeah. We're we're nearing kind of the conclusion of that. I mean, obviously, we don't know exactly when he'll be back, but I would be I would be very shocked if he doesn't play at some point in November. Yeah. I will I will mention, Adam King will not be returning. His Internet is is too bad to continue, but we appreciate his effort and his insights. Yes. Trey Murphy, like you mentioned, you know, the timetable that they gave up initially puts a an estimated early return, like the earliest expected return at the middle of this month. So, yeah, I think there's a pretty good chance he plays this month. I would be shocked if he was not on the court, by December 1st. Mhmm. So I think, yeah, I think you whatever you drafted him for, you stash him on your IR. You don't have to worry about anything anything like crazy. Yeah. Bar to to use a turn of phrase that has become legendary at rotor wire, barring a setback, Trey Murphy will be playing at some point this month. Tyus Jones, Alex. Skeeter 221 asked, is Tyus Jones a must add if he was dropped in a 12 team 9 cat head to head league? He has not surpassed 30 minutes this season. That is accurate. He has not surpassed even 28 minutes this season. You know, got off to a pretty nice start, had, you know, through 3 games, 14 points, 7 assists, 1 and a half steals. You're feeling good. But these last two games, 22 and 24 minutes, I don't I don't really know what Washington is doing with the rotation right now because it's not just Tyus Jones. Like, it's not like they're, you know, they're siphoning off his minutes to somebody else. It's like Kyle Kuzma's minutes have been down. Jordan Poole's minutes have been down as well. They've gone to a a more egalitarian approach, I I guess, is one way to say it. Part of it is they're, you know, they're constantly facing big deficits. Right? You know, when you're Yeah. When you're down 20 going into the Q4 against Miami, it's just gonna lead to, you know, more scrubs seeing minutes. But, I mean, they've they've been playing, you know, routinely, like, 13 guys most nights, which is just horrible for Fantasy. Nobody on the Wizards is averaging 30 minutes a game. They don't have a single player averaging 30 minutes, which I don't know if that's ever happened before through, like, 5 games of an NBA season. Is he a pickup like a 12 teamer? I think he probably is. Yeah. But I would not pick him up and expect him to start seeing, like, 32, 33 minutes a game because I think that would require Washington to be really competitive. And, of course, Jordan Poole and Kyle Kuzma are doing so much in their offense that there's just kind of scraps left for him because Mhmm. Jones is more of a floor general. Right? And they're not really letting him do that. I think he's a 12 because he he's ranked a 125th in 8 cat, which implies on a on a 4 game week. He's you you throw him in there. But, yeah, it's not, I don't think it's like a league winner to pick him up. Tyson Daniels or Jordan Hawkins, presumably as a replacement for McCollum. I I would lean Daniels, some more unknown there, but I I think better fantasy potential. Whereas to me, Hawkins Hawkins is the guy if you need if you need threes, if that's a category of need in a roto league, go grab him. I mean, he'll he's jacking up like 8 threes a game over the last week and a half. But I I have a little more faith in Dyson Daniels as the the overall better fantasy player. Yeah. This is this is a tough question to answer. You know, it's actually Kyra Lewis who's seen the most minutes with McCollum off the floor, followed by Dyson Daniels. But Daniels only has a 9% usage rate in those 58 minutes. Some of that's because he hasn't committed a turnover. You know, 8 points, 6 assists, 5 rebounds. And like you mentioned with Hawkins, he's out there jacking up, you know, 12 threes per 36 minutes without McCollum on the floor. So it kinda depends what you want. Right? If you want assist, grab Dyson. If you need threes, grab Hawkins. Malcolm Brogdon has been looking really good, says the cousins 9855. Thoughts on him? Yeah. He has played well. He's been seeing a ton of minutes. You know, he's somebody who, you know, likes Jaden Sharp, has picked up a few more minutes, in the absence of Anthony Simons. The only thing really holding him back in in category leagues is the field goal percentage is way down. I mean, he's under 40% from the field. He's at 33% from 3. So he's losing some efficiency. But other than that, I mean, he's on track for, like, what might be the best counting stat season of his career. The thing with Brogdon is, you know, how long is he on this roster? I I think at some point, you know, he's gonna get scooped up by a contender. The question is is that a month from now, is that at the trade deadline, is it sooner? I I don't really know. I I think with Brogdon, I I'm just I'm just holding him. If if somebody, you know, for some reason is is offering me Malcolm Brogdon trades, I'm I'm willing to hear that, but I don't know if I'd be actively selling him. You know? If he if he's gonna be out there for 35 minutes tonight with no Anthony Simons for the next month, I'm just gonna ride that out. Yeah. And Scoots missed the past 2 games. That's been huge for Brogdon's usage. And I think he's definitely a hold until Simons comes back. But even even when Simons was available, you know, I think it's I I think you could probably expect Broughton to still play 20 to 25 minutes a game, and he proved to be fantasy relevant last year when he was seeing that many minutes. So he's definitely a hold. Maybe he's a sell high again, depending on who you can get, but I think all this production, he, he's he's done this in the past. I got a question about Herb Jones, very Pelicans heavy, part of the podcast here. The way I'll frame this one to you is, like, I I really like Herb Jones, you know, especially for steals and blocks. Those have both been there lately. You know, give you some threes every now and then. You actually had what? 9 of 9 at the free throw line against Detroit last week. But, I I think the concern with Herb Jones is, okay, when Trey Murphy's back, what are we looking at? So in the next week or so, are you are you maybe floating out some some Herb Jones offers looking to cash in before Murphy returns? Yeah. I wouldn't I wouldn't mind doing that because like you mentioned, when when Murphy comes back, Murphy's a better player. He fits better within their offense because he's a he's a floor spacer and Herb Jones isn't. And then you have the McCollum situation too now. So Herb Jones, you know, he might he might have some nice games coming up, and and you'll be able to sell high. But, you know, I think when both of those guys like, last season, you know, he played 30 minutes a game, but Ingram and Zion can play or Ingram, yeah, Ingram and Zion combined for, like, 75 games or something. So he got more minutes and more usage. If everyone in the Pelicans is healthy, it's not easy for Herb Jones to see 29 minutes, and his usage is gonna be even lower than it's been. So to me, he's a sell high if if that's sort of the the angle of the question. Yeah. I would, I would be looking at it that way as well. How about Jaden McDaniels? We'll take a few more of these, but before we get out, you know, off to a bit of a slow start. He's only played in 3 games so far. The minutes have not really been there. 20 to 24 minutes in all 3 games. He's given you some blocks. That is about it. Are you are you willing to drop him at this point, or do you need another week or so? I need another week. Like, he's, like you mentioned, if he can shake off the injury, you know, we have to we have to see if that's the case. So I that's a hold. Okay. Who do you guys think is leading the rookie of the year race, and who do you think will ultimately win it? Well, Skeeter, we have a a fantastic page over at rotawire.com. You could check out updated futures odds. You can compare sportsbooks. And I will tell you right now that the odds on favorite, at least at the DraftKings sportsbook, is Victor Wemyon Yamah by a lot. He is minus 360. That's the the heaviest those odds have been, dating all the way back to the summer. You got Chad Holmgren at 5 to 1, and then a huge drop off down to Scoot, Brandon Miller, and Asar Thompson. Those guys are all 25 to 1. I mean, it's it's when would that was a word unless he gets hurt. Right? I don't see any way around that. I mean, it could be what did it did Embiid end up winning it the 1 year that he only played, like, 30 some games? Was that the Malcolm Brogan year? I think that was the problem. Year. But there was there was significant momentum because Embiid was so clearly the guy, and he played less than half the season. Like, even with Wenme Dyalba. It's like, if he just gets to, like, the 50 game mark, that honestly might be enough, especially with Scoot not looking good. I mean, that was to me, that was kind of the guy that was gonna be in position to play a ton of minutes and put up big numbers. You know, Holmgren's gonna have something to say about it, but it's still between those 2, it's it's so obviously Webb Madaba right now. Yeah. You mentioned the odds. They're as short as 350 as long as minus 400. You know, PointsBet feels the strongest about it. That's 2 weeks into the year. Yeah. Exactly. I mean, to me, when I watch them play, Webinar should be the I mean, when the Raptors, you know, they the Raptors ended up coming back and winning that game last night. But through the first half of that game, Toronto and, yes, Toronto is a bad 3 point shooting team. They had no idea what to do with when Banyama, because they were trying to go over the ramp and when Banyama was standing there, and they were like, I have, we can't do this, you know, he was he was dominant, you know, have you, I think the point of like, yes, he could get injured. I think that's a good point. Although personally, I think home runs actually more of an injury risk watching the way that his body moves in the way that he falls and stuff. But, yeah, to me, Chet's only a bet as, like, a you think when Banyama's gonna get hurt or something and you want more value. Mhmm. Reminder to everyone listening live here on on YouTube or on Twitter or if you're listening to this in podcast form, we are brought to you by Underdog Fantasy. It's the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pick up contest. If you have not tried Underdog yet, new Underdog users receive a first time deposit bonus up to $100 and a free 6 month subscription to Rotowire, just use the promo code RW MBA. That's RW MBA. Visit underdogfantasy.com or download their app and use that promo code RW MBA to get a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire and a deposit bonus up to $100. We're also brought to you by rival fantasy, LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Byrd, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries to make the game more fun and give fans a story lines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player matchup and head to head debate could be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you can play challenges where you decide which player will score more fantasy points in their next game. Play the rival fantasy in house challenge or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/roto wire. If you do that right now, you'll get a $200 deposit match. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. We'll see you in the arena. Alright. One more that will hit a few more questions to be on our way. Vivid Seats. The NBA season is here, and it's underway. On behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, dribble, and heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And because Vivint Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards and get those all season long. Plus, with a 100% buyer guarantee, you can be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code rotowire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's rotowire, r o t o w I r e, for $20 off your first purchase of $200 or more. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vividseats. Experience it live. Alright. Good to get that business out of the way. We we thank all of our sponsors right here on the Road of Wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. Alex, we'll hit, 2 or 3 more questions and then be done for the day. But we do remind you, we we do this every day. Monday through Friday, we got live podcast streaming right here on the Rotowire YouTube channel. You can find it on our socials as well. We appreciate everybody jumping in and sending us some questions. Graph Life TV says Jeremy Grant thoughts. You know, Alex, I I was thinking about, you know, this weekend as I I do my box score, you know, checking in the morning and at night. But we're seeing some, like, Carmelo Anthony type of lines from Jeremy Grant who is doing just nothing but scoring, maybe a few rebounds here and there. The assists are down. The defensive stats have completely evaporated. But at least he's giving you points. He is giving you points, and that's pretty much what you drafted him for. I mean, his his numbers this season are not that different from what he was doing last year, although he's not shooting as well. So once his shooting is actually, once his shooting improves, it's possible he sets a career high in scoring this year, just based on improved percentages. But, yeah, I don't expect the rebounds to pop up or anything, partially because Deandre Ayton is, like, trying to lead the NBA in rebounds. And then the the assist stuff, you know, Brogdon is is handling a lot of the ball now. Simons is gonna handle when he's back. Sharpe's been handling in the meantime. So, yeah, I I think what he's doing right now is essentially what he's Yeah. What he's going to do for the rest of the year. Yeah. You just hope that the percentages improve. And if they do, he's he's still gonna be a fine fantasy asset. But, yeah, any hope of Jeremy Grant, like, everything running through him, I I've almost given up on that already, especially with Simon's gone. Like, at first, I'm like, alright. I got all these Jeremy Grant shares. Here we go. And he's somehow, like, passing the ball less than ever despite being the the most established option on that team. So, yeah, if you're ready for the points and you you kinda know what you're signing up for, then you'll be fine. But, it doesn't look like he's going to, you know, have notably higher upside this year than he has in the past. Dillon Brooks. Are the numbers sustainable for Dillon Brooks? You know, we talk a lot, Alex, about the the Houston Rockets. They got too many mouths to feed. It's been frustrating for Jalen Green, Jabari Smith. You know, even Fred VanVleet has had his ups and downs. Not Dillon Brooks, baby. 5 games in, 18 points, 4 and a half rebounds, 2 and a half assists, 1 and a half steals. I mean, he's shooting shooting the lights out. Right? 60% from 3, 60% for the field, 93% at the line. To me, I think that's probably where the regression comes, believe it or not. I'm gonna say it. I'm brave enough to say Dillon Brooks will not shoot 60% from the field. But but in terms of the counting stats, I guess, the rest of this is the rest of this legit? Yeah. I think I think the rest of it is fairly legit. You know, I don't he's never averaged more than 1.2 steals in his career, but he also has 0 blocks right now, and he's been more of like a point 3 blocks guy. So I think you're you're kinda balancing out there. Yeah. I think everything but the percentages are sustainable. His usage rate's actually 4% lower than it was last year. And this is kinda where, like I mean, I would definitely sell high personally. Like, I would I would look to move off of this immediately because when he finally starts shooting 40% from the field again, he's gonna be averaging 13 points a game instead of 18 points a game. So it's it's definitely a sell high for me. Alright. Steve Sexton, we can only assume as a a relative of Colin Sexton. He said he was offered Darius Garland and Daniel Gafford in exchange for Tyrese Maxey is the safe area. Wow. It might be. I think it's a fair deal. It's a fair offer. It is a it's absolutely a fair offer. The person that you that and I offered this to you definitely respects you and respects the sanctity of fantasy basketball. The I think I think this more so depends on how you feel about Gaffer because Yeah. Garland and Maxey, I think have probably similar upside this season. I think Maxey does have more upside, but, man, given the way that Gafford has looked, which is just, like, not amazing and the muted minutes for for Washington, I think I would rather be on the Maxey side. Mhmm. But if you're really thin on centers, for example, I would think about it. I think rest of season, like, Garland versus Maxey is gonna be really close. You know, Maxey probably regresses a little bit. I mean, he's it's been as as good of a start as possible through 2 weeks. You know, I I do think Maxey could absolutely finish higher than Garland, but I don't think it would be a huge gap. So you're totally right. I I think it it it depends on, one, how you view Daniel Gafford, how sustainable you think his role is, and perhaps more importantly, do you need a center? If you if you need a help at center, then I would say probably take this deal. It's not a bad deal. Right. Alright. Trying to find 1 or 2 more here to end on. Talked about Harden. Here's a good one. Is Grant Williams almost a bust roster in 10 or 12 team leagues? Playing a lot of minutes for for a Dallas team that doesn't have a whole lot outside of Luca and Kyrie. He started all 6 games so far, 15 and a half points, 5 rebounds, but that's that's about it. He's hit a bunch of threes, I guess. 33.8 made threes per game. Yeah. If you're if you're playing in a Roto League, then he's probably a bust roster, especially in a 12 teamer. I think, I might zag. Okay. I think I'm gonna zag off you. Yeah. That well, I think he's a sell high. Okay. Because he's shooting 56% from 3. And how many of his field goal attempts are coming from 3? 7 of his 9 field goal attempts are coming from 3 and he's shooting 56% from distance. There's no like uptick in usage. The other stats aren't really doing much for me. So I I look, I don't I wouldn't blame monkey bugging for rostering him in 12. He's he's shooting so hot. You almost have to. When a guy is this hot, like, you might as well keep him. Mhmm. But if you get if you get offered, like, a top 100 player for him, I think you have to take that deal, like, the second that you see him pop up on your phone. Okay. We'll end on this one. So I put the wrong one up there. Desmond Dane from McCall Bridges. So I I don't know, you know, what side the the the question asker is on here, but we'll just talk about these 2. If if you can roster 1 going forward for the rest of the year, who do you got? I think it's Desmond Bane. I think so. You know, I just Bridges is not, doing really anything more than he was doing last season, which is, of course, very good. But Bane is, like, the clear number one option on that team. They have no I mean, until Morant comes back, they have no other, like, legit scoring options, no other playmaking options. The the nets have shown that well, partially because of Cam Thomas. They have other guys who can who can score for them. So I I would rather have Bane. I think the the market favor of Bridges is that there is this the specter of Jabberant coming back. And what does that do for Desmond Bane? If you take that away, then it's, to me, pretty clearly Bane. But I I think it is fair to say, okay. You know, 20 games from now, do we see Desmond Bane, you know, regress to maybe being the 3rd option given how, you know, how important Jared Jackson's become? But, yeah, I've been disappointed with Bridgespan. I mean, he had that incredible run right after the trade last year. And, you know, I mean, I I saw him go in the 1st round of some early drafts. You know, did feel like that cooled off a little bit, but he he's still been pretty good. Like, the efficiency has been about the same as last year. He's not shooting the 3 quite as well, but he's still at 46 percent from the field, 91% at the line. You know, the defensive stats haven't quite taken a step forward, but he's done about all he could, I think, to to live up to to to pretty high expectations and and what's ultimately a weird situation in Brooklyn. I would do, though. I I think it's, you know, gone to my head, I would I would go Desmond Bane, but I I think that's a pretty fair question. I I think Bane Bane, it feels like it's off to the hotter start, whereas it you know, a month from now, we could look back and say, okay. Bridges might be the guy with higher upside. But, yeah. Good question there by by En Baracha. We appreciate everybody listening along, asking us questions in the chat. Makes us a lot more fun. Makes us a lot more productive for everybody. Make sure you continue to check us out Monday through Friday on the Rotowire Fantasy Basketball YouTube channel. You can always find our streams on Twitter. You can even find it at the Rodewire Facebook, I think, if you if you're into Facebook at this point. But, give us a follow. You can follow me at whaoneen. You can follow Alex at baruthalex on Twitter. Feel free to hit us up there with any fantasy questions as well. We thank you for listening. Tomorrow, you'll have doctor Ray on the mic. I'll be with Brandon Kravitz on Wednesday. We'll have Rick Kamla and and doctor Ray on Thursday, then Alex, Ken, and Shannon coming at you on Friday.