Welcome into a Monday edition of the rotor wire fantasy basketball pod. Vic Whalen, Alex Barutha back with you as we are every Monday afternoon, we are brought to you by underdog. We're brought to you by FanDuel Underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contest. If you haven't tried Underdog yet, new users receive a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire with promo code RW NBA. That's RW NBA, underdog fantasy.com, or you can download the underdog app right now. Use that code RW NBA. That'll get you your free rotor wire subscription. 6 months, all access to everything on the site, plus that deposit bonus. FanDuel could tackle 1,000,000 in prizes, all playoffs long in FanDuel fantasy contest. If you're new to fantasy, there's no better time to get in on the action because right now, new customers get a 100% deposit match up to a $100. Playing fantasy for huge cash prizes on FanDuel. It's fun. It's exciting. Just draft your lineup. Watch your team move up the leaderboard. I was playing on FanDuel for championship weekend. I was out in a a legal gambling state, last week. So fired up FanDuel app. They're in some bets for championship weekend. Love love doing that. Make it super easy on the FanDuel app. Plus with FanDuel, you could choose from full slate contests. So you can do multiple games, single game contests, season long best ball, beginner only. Those are great. If you if you're new to Fantasy, basically, any kind of contest or any kind of bet you wanna play, you could find it on FanDuel. And when you win, the best part is you get paid right away instantly. So with the Super Bowl coming up, get that 100% deposit match up to a $100. Go to FanDuel.com to start playing for huge cash prizes today. Alright. We got that business out of the way, Alex. Good to talk to you again, man. As you can see, it's very sunny here in the the greater Milwaukee area as I I continue to piece together my new office. Thought we ordered blinds last week, and I'm sitting, you know, watching the Lions 40 niners game with my my wonderful wife, whom I love, last night. And she's like, oh, yeah. It looks like I never actually ordered those. They're still sitting in my cart. So, I'm being blinded. I can't even see my second monitor because the sun is hitting it directly. But hopefully in, like, 10 minutes or so, the sun will be low enough that will have a little bit better visibility. But how are you? How was your weekend? I I assume you watch plenty of basketball and plenty of football? Watched plenty of basketball, caught some of the the highlights from the the football game. Yeah. Obviously a pretty, pretty standard weekend for me. Just kind of hunkered down. At least the weather's getting a, a little bit better here in Wisconsin. The snow is almost melted, actually. You know, we, I was in Arizona last week and we were coming back from the airport on Saturday afternoon. And I said to Molly, it's like this is this is like the time of year where if you're visiting Wisconsin, you're like, why would anybody ever want to live here? Because, like, the highways are just like a gray brown sludge. There's like whoever these people are that, like, throw stuff out of their car. I don't understand littering, especially on a highway. Insane, but it's like just like kind of garbage. There's like sticks all over the place. Like this is this is the depths of living in Wisconsin. I think the month of February is like the absolute worst. But you're right, we I've always been scared to look at my weather.com app for the last few weeks, but we're really creeping up into the forties in the Milwaukee area. Big weekend, of course, in fantasy basketball. We've talked some waiver wire. Already got a couple of good questions in the chat. As always, throw those in there. 2nd half of the pod, we'll take as many live viewer questions as we can. I I went ham, Alex. Ham, sicko mode, whatever you wanna call it on the waiver wire this weekend, particularly in the state league. I I basically swapped out my entire bench. We have a a decent amount of teams on 4 game weeks. So it made it a little bit easier, I I think, to to pick and choose and, kind of decide, you know, which of these lower level players are are worth a shot. But I ended up I ended up getting Harrison Barnes who, you know, I I know what I'm walking into here. I'm I'm buying at the absolute peak on Harrison Barnes. I think I only paid like 4 or $5. I thought if I take a little more to get him based on how good he's been for the last week, but Harrison Barnes does this once or twice a year, right? Where he'll go like 15 games in a row without scoring more than 12 points. And then he'll remind you for a brief period why he was the number one overall player in his high school class. Yeah. Very bizarre season, for Barnes who, you know, like, had a pretty pretty nice stretch, like, when he started with Sacramento. This is technically his worst season probably since, like, his last year with Golden State. But like you said, he's really turned to hip turned up his scoring lately. Kevin Herder has turned up his scoring, lately. So, yeah, I think I think the Kings are probably looking for something a little bit different, because I think they realize if if they continue playing the same way, featuring the same guys the same ways that they were going to probably continue to be very middling. But they're, you know, they're turning a little bit of a corner here, at least with some role players playing better. Yeah. I mean, Kings are on a 4 game week, so that was part of the thinking with Barnes. And, again, I'm I'm trying to, you temper my expectations here. Like, if he if he just has 1 20 point game in the next 4, I I feel like my my ROI is gonna be decent there. I ended up bait with a couple of guys who just, you know, weren't major contributors. I picked up Cody Martin, as we talked about on the pod a couple weeks ago, immediately got hurt. You know, even when he's played, he's just been pretty low level. You know, he's had some decent blocks and steals gains, but those are pretty hit or miss. So didn't think twice really about dropping him, dropped Alon Wright, who I always like as a steel specialist, but he was basically playing like 8 to 12 minutes. You know, you just can't really do a whole lot with that. In addition to Barnes, I I got purchased a Chua. I'm trying to, like, blocks and rebounds are 2 categories I'm trying to move up in in this league. So I was pretty happy to to end up landing a Chua, paid a couple of bucks for him. Went out and got Jared Vanderbilt from the Lakers as well. Who's who's played really well of late, playing more minutes. Defensive stats have been off the charts. I don't even think I'm gonna end up starting Vanderbilt, but, feeling a little bit better about my depth in that league. Did you do you have any thoughts on any of those guys or or any big additions you made? No. I think those are all solid guys to add in a 16 team league, who may have decent, like, rest of season value. Like, Cody Martin is is kinda interesting to me. I don't know what they're gonna do with him at the deadline. I kinda part of me worries about him because he's he's 28, and maybe they would ship him off. And, you know, he's been injury prone lately, so they're gonna shut him down. But there's another part of me that is like, what if it just up just ends up being 35 minutes of Cody Martin, after some other guys are trading away and he ends up, you know, returning, like, top 100 value, from basically here on out or after the trade deadline. If he returns top 100 value, that's on me. I guess that's a risk. That's a risk I'm willing to take when it comes to Cody Martin. You know, and and on the Achiwa front, I think he was the guy I was most excited to get. Obviously, he's played well lately. And, you know, part of that is Isaiah Hartstein has missed some time. You know, he was he was back on Saturday against Miami. Played only 16 minutes. Kinda hard to to gauge, you know, after missing 2 games with an Achilles injury, which could be something that nags you a little bit. But then we got, you know, the Julius Randle shoulder dislocation. We finally got a timetable today. I I think we'd probably just see him after the all star break. I think that would make the most sense. So it should have a nice little run here where to, you know, even if he's coming off the bench, you know, behind Isaiah Hartstein, just looking for rebounds, looking for some blocks, and and he's, you know, a pretty high volume permitted guy in both of those numbers. Vanderbilt has been going nuts. I mean, I kinda wrote him off earlier in the season. I've I've always thought he's been a little overrated. You know, like, when the when the Lakers first got him, you know, there's like, oh, man, this is this perfect defensive Swiss army knife. And I just never really got it. You know, even in, like, in the playoffs last year when they were rolling, he was only playing, like, 20 minutes a game. Like, it just didn't really seem like they trusted him all that much. Playing time's been up a little bit lately, you know, double digit scoring in 3 straight. Rebounds have been there. He has 10 steals over his last 3 games. So, again, like like most Waverwear guys in the 16 team league, you're kind of buying high and and not necessarily expecting that to continue. But, you know, if I'm targeting rebounds and defensive stats, I just wanted another option there. Yeah. On the Etchua front, I'm I'm curious to see how Tibbs handles the Randle injury. I think it'll just be more like Grimes and Josh Hart and Dante DiVincenzo. I'm kinda worried that she was gonna get stuck. But, again, you're talking about a 16 team league. I think you need to take the chance that could choose, like, 5 to 10 more minutes a game. And then for Vanderbilt, yeah, it's like he's one of those guys who can run hot. And, yeah, the Lakers are still kinda searching for answers. Right? So I think he could be part of that because he can play sort of the 3 through the 5 small ball 5 in certain lineups. He's pretty versatile in that way. Yeah. Still not a great 3 point shooter or anything, but, a decent pickup for for the size league you're talking about. Yeah. Again, this is our 16 team staff insider league, very competitive. Yeah. Everybody knows what they're doing. You don't really steal a lot of bargains in this league. Yeah, I I accounted for like a third of the transactions this week, which is usually not a good thing. You know, that that usually doesn't mean you're like lapping the field. But some other notables, our guy, Kent Kreitz, who you hosted on Friday, he dropped Brandon Pogjenski, picked up Larry Nance. James ended up picking up Obi Toppin. Georges Niang was added. Jante Porter was dropped. I thought one pretty interesting one, Shannon, who's who's doing well in this league, dropped Mason Plumlee. You know, Plumlee had a 12 and 12 double double over the weekend, but he dropped him and and picked up Ahmed Thompson from Houston. Yeah. Plumlee's been a little underwhelmed. Like, he'll have, like, a 0, 2, and 2 games. I mean, he'll have a it's it's just really hard to, like, predict what's going to happen. And I don't know if Shannon's team inside and out. He might not need the rebounds, but I'm in Thompson. He has seen what is this double digit minutes in 8 straight games. Mhmm. Averaging 9, 6, and 3 with basically 2 and a half stocks, which is which is fantastic. He's at 1.1 fantasy points per minute on the season. So, yeah. I mean, I Houston, you know, we're Houston started the season so hot, and they are now down to 21 and 24. And some of that's like they've been missing Tari Eason. Dylan Brooks missed a decent amount of time. They haven't been especially healthy lately, but I think, Thompson has sort of forced his way into the rotation at least until Eason comes back. But I really am getting worried about this Eason injury because it's it's really nondescript, like lower left leg injury management, and he's just been out for, like, a month. Yeah. When it transitions from, like, a day to day injury to injury management, that's that's usually not a great sign. He's already been ruled out for tonight's game, has not played since New Year's Day. So I I think this could be one of those things where even if he's back in a week or 2, you know, maybe he hasn't lost a spot in the rotation, but he kind of lost the momentum that he had picked up in December and early January. And it might be hard to to kind of grab that back because when he was playing well, Ahman Thompson was either still out or just working his way back from that early season injury. So it kind of might be an either or situation. Speaking of the Rockets in my and if the KC, I went out, finally dropped Marcus Smart. I think it's time. Yeah, we we we talked about the risk reward there. I just don't think the reward is all that high. I think it's in the realm of possibility that he just, like, barely plays and maybe not even again this season depending on where the Grizzlies are. Although, yeah, they've been pretty respectable, you know, since all these injuries hit. I mean, they're still 13th in the Western Conference, but they they haven't been this this complete disaster like we thought they might be. But I I grabbed Cam Whitmore, in place of Marcus Smart, added Kevin Herter in that league as well. And, I I think everything we just said about Easton and Ahmed Thompson kind of applies to Whitmore too. It does. Another guy who is exactly at 1.1 fantasy points per minute. We know he's a scorer. He's a top what would you say? Like, he's probably a top 10 talent in the draft that slipped because of, like, injury concerns. So, you know, we know that that possibility is there. Spend some early time in the g league. Yeah. And it's ridiculous numbers at the g league, by the way. Like, this guy is not afraid to shoot the ball. Of course. And it is another situation where it's like Jalen Green's minutes. Like, there'll be nights where Jalen Green will play 39 minutes, and he'll play 27 minutes. And, you know, there have been moments where, Jabari Smith's minutes have been up and down. Like, I think Ime Udoka searching for answers again and Whitmore's ability to just put up points. Like, I if it's between Jalen Green and Cam Whitmore, they're both producing so little in anything other than scoring that it's like you might as well just play the one that's hot, if you're if you're a Udoka. Mhmm. Yeah. Four game week coming up, for the Houston Rockets. I mean, the the vast majority of the NBA has 4 games this week. I think 22 teams are on a 4 game week, and then we have 8 teams on a 3 game week. No 2 gamers. So that's a good thing. But Atlanta, Brooklyn, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Golden State, New Orleans, and Toronto, are the 3 game week team. So, yeah, one of those weeks where, you know, not not ideal to, you know, have Luca carrying your team, although, you know, given what he's doing, doesn't even matter. Obviously, you're still starting him in a 3 game week. But, yeah, schedule wise, you know, not something that you really had to factor in all that much unless you're really working the margins. Did you did you do anything notable in your NFBKC or any other big time leagues? I didn't. I've decent benches in those in in most of my leagues and keeper league. I'm I pulled the plug, sold off Yousef Nurkic, looking to move off. I you know, the Anandobi has been kind of hit or miss for me in terms of if I want to keep her or not Fielding some offers for him. But in my in my nfbkc league, we had a $51 bid for for Josh Hart. Again, this is a 1000. Someone added Vanderbilt, someone added Whitmore, Nemhard. Fultz got picked up. Wiggins got picked up, as did Harrison Barnes for $6. So, yeah, pretty active. A lot of the guys we we touched on already, I think, are getting picked up in a lot of leagues. I'll note somebody grabbed Desmond Bane in my end of BKC. I think we noted on the pod last week that he was dropped a week ago. I thought about it. You know, I mean, he was out there. Somebody somebody got it for $2. You know, it's not like, yeah, it's a $1,000 budget. So I can't spend $400 for it. So I think for that price, if you're like, I have so many injuries on my team that I couldn't really afford to do that. And you don't have an IR slot and then a BKC. So that was really the deciding factor for me. But if you have a healthy team and, you know, you're willing to kind of wait this out with the All Star break coming up, I don't really have a problem. And, you know, again, if you're in a league with 1 or 2 IR slots, then I think Bain is a high enough upside player to me relative to someone like Marcus Smart that I'm if I can afford it, I'm I'm more than happy to to hold on to him and just kinda hope that he get even 15 games later in the year. Yeah. He should be picked up if, again, if you have the spot for it. There's no reason not to if you're not gonna do anything with that bench spot anyway. I guess the best case scenario, he comes back like the last week of February, right after the all star break. Yeah. If you can, if you got the spot, grab him. Did you think about adding Jon Conchar anywhere? He was he was not picked up in the Stakley. He was on my list. That was kind of lower in my in my waterfall. So I ended up not getting him by virtue of picking up some of the other guys that I mentioned earlier. But, you know, he started now 6 games in a row. The scoring has been very underwhelming. You know, the rebound has kinda been all over the place. He he had an 11.10 rebound double double last week, kinda out of nowhere. Then, of course, 1 rebounded 26 minutes the next night. So that's not necessarily sustainable, but, you know, kind of blocking a ton of shots out of nowhere. He's always been somebody who's who's stuck in a few blocks here or there. But he had 5 block game against Toronto early last week. He had multiple blocks now and in 4 of his last 5 games, I was a little bit surprised that, that that oh, wait. No. Somebody did grab him. Never mind. Ryan Pohl, who's actually leading the league, got John Conchar. And this is why I didn't get him. I paid $9 out of a $100 budget. Yeah. Ryan is a a dedicated listener to the Friday podcast, and I suggested Jon Conchar last week, off the way You start giving him bad advice, man. I know. I get yeah. I got really got to start. Yes. I I don't even know what the term is for the yes. Give him bad advice. I so, yeah, I mean, I think Conchar is a decent ad. I didn't have any buggy. I really wanted to draw for him. I would have thought about Horford. I would have thought about DSJ, but, it's that's pretty borderline to me. But, yeah, I think he should be picked up in in 16 team leagues. I think the blocks are probably too hot. Like, I don't think the blocks are gonna continue like the way they are, but he's just kind of been like a guy who I made this joke about Tillman at one point where it was probably more accurate for someone like Conchar where it's like points, rebounds, and assists. You just, like, grab 3 dice and you shake them and you roll them. And that's the number he has in each category. It's just like any given you could have, you know, 2 points, 7 rebounds, 1 assist, and then he'll be 9 assists, 9 rebounds, 1 point. You know? He's one of those guys. Sticking with the Grizzlies, you know, Gigi Jackson played well yesterday. I'm I'm still skeptical of him fantasy wise. You know, it's been very boomer bust. The the minutes have kinda been up and down, but, looked pretty good yesterday against Indiana, 18 points. One steal, one block, 4 rebounds, hit a couple of 3, 6 of 9 from the field, 29 minutes for him off the bench. And Vince Williams, you know, we've talked about a lot over the last couple of weeks. I think we identified him as as the guy. You know, if you're trying to go all in for for 1 grizzly and obviously you've missed your window at this point, but, you know, post Marcus Smart injury, post Desmond vein injury, I I think he's the guy that not only looks like he's going to be, you know, somebody who's, I wouldn't say, a potential league winner, but you're gonna go down as one of the bigger waiver wire ads of the year. But also somebody who now becomes pretty interesting as a a future piece for them because they've they've tried out a few of these wings. You know, Roddy's been playing well of of late as well, you know, know? Been in the starting lineup, playing some more minutes. You know, Zaire Williams, I I don't know what's going on with him. You know, lottery pick not that long ago. Kind of a weird pick at the time. Looked okay as a rookie, and then it's just kind of fallen off the map these last couple of years. You know, and then Jake LaRavia has been been injured and has never been much of a fantasy guy. But Williams, 20 points, 8 boards, and an assist, 8 of 12 from the field, played 36 minutes. That was a team high yesterday. And, you know, really, since all these injuries set in, he's averaging 17 and a half points, 7 rebounds, 3 and a half assists, 1.4 steals, 0.8 blocks, and shooting 54% from the field. Yeah. I wasn't a 100% convinced on Williams, but he's he's definitely proved me wrong. The Grizzlies ended up giving him a 3 years, $6,600,000 contract, in January. Talk about a talk about a steal. It looks like at this rate, but he was mid second round pick. Yeah. And you you mentioned so, I mean, so many of these other guys that got drafted by Memphis just have not really worked out. Like, you know, LaRavia barely gets any time and Roddy, they I mean, they waived, I can't remember his name now. Lofton. They just waived they just waived Lofton. So it's nice that they got Vince Williams in there. I think he he will be a nice future piece for them. And you mentioned Gigi Jackson too. Like, I don't know what to believe with Gigi Jackson. Like he's gonna get up shots, but his efficiency is like he's shooting, you know, 525072 right now after shooting terribly in college, which could regress. And then if that regresses, he's on a two way deal. They could just them to the g league once everyone is healthy. If anyone ever gets healthy for Memphis, I think he's a fine pickup in, like, 16 team leagues, like, we're talking about deep stuff. But if you're in, like, a 12 teamer, it's just I I don't think I would even bother with with Gigi Jackson, to be honest. No. Not a 12 team league. I just I don't I think most of his his work has come on the scoring side of things, you know, and I don't think he's providing a whole lot else to the point where it's been consistent enough that I would add him in like a 14 or 16 team lead. So, no, I would, I would not be really adding him in deeper formats right now. All right. Let's hit a couple of questions. Hopefully, those will continue to roll in. Keep throwing them in there, guys. I I think so. This question from. I think this is in reference to the thumbnail from the video. That it is an Isaiah Hartenstein photo. We we did not set that. We're not telling you to drop Hartenstein. Just to be very clear, I I would not be dropping him right now. Obviously, he missed a couple of games, was back yesterday or was back over the weekend, excuse me, and, you know, played limited minutes. But, you know, I think we should probably clear that up just so there's no confusion there. You know, the the Hartenstein versus the Chua split is going to be something to monitor, I think, in the short term. You know, if they do bring Hartenstein along a little bit more slowly with this Achilles issue and, obviously, you know, Julius Randle out, that's, what, 36, 37 minutes that are just out of the rotation at this point. So I I do think, yeah, we we could see some Hartenstein and Achoo, maybe not playing together, but I think there's enough minutes to go around there. Yes. I think I would yeah. I would not drop Ardenstein. Well, I also wanna clear that up. I think the the concern, if you have any, is that he was dealing with an Achilles injury, which can be bothersome and will, can flare up. And it's obviously a concern because I mean, Achilles' concern is a is a major concern. We've seen, like, guys like Capella, you know, like, deal with an Achilles on and off for, like, 3 years. But, you know, he saw Hartstein saw 16 minutes his first game back. I think he'll work his way up. Yeah. I don't I don't even remember if that was exactly what you asked me. It was more of a point of clarification because a couple of people asked about Hartenstein. And again, that was, I think, in reference to the to the thumbnail for the video. Trey Murphy or Malcolm Brogdon for talking rest of season value in a 9 cat league. Interesting question. Obviously, very different players, very different situations. Both have been, you know, a little bit banged up lately. Brogdon when he's been out there continues to play well, You know, obviously, there's some concern about does he get traded? If he doesn't get traded, he's, you know, one of the most, like, obvious shutdown candidates of all time. Murphy, meanwhile, did not play on Saturday against the Bucks. You know, started the previous game against OKC. You know, right now it's a little bit difficult to to get a full read on Trey Murphy. I'm usually pretty pro when it comes to him. Obviously, he is he is very 3 point dependent, Alex. And the 3 point shooting is not that good lately. He's just he's been in a slump. You know, his last 6 games, he's shooting 26% from 3 on high volume. So not only is that a disappointment in that category, but, of course, it's tanking his field goal percentage as well. Yeah. Murphy, you know, last year, what with Ingram and Zion playing less than 82 combined games. He saw 31 minutes and was the 83rd player in 8 cat. So it's it's gonna be pretty hard for Murphy to be like a to reach top 80 again if Ingram and Zion are gonna be healthy and he's not seeing 30 plus minutes a game. Like, he can develop and he can get better, but he's also, I think, still dealing with that probably, you know, still a little bit hampered by, I think it was a meniscus tear to start the season. I do think Murphy's probably safer long term. Like, if you are if you are near the top of your league, I would I would rather hang on to Murphy. But if you are trying to creep up the standings, like, if you're in the middle of the pack or low in the standings and you just need production, like, right now, I would I would grant Brogdon. So I think it I think it depends on where you are. Yeah. There's a difference to me between, like, who would you rather have the next month versus rest of season? Yeah. And maybe it's more of, like, when does your season end? Yeah. How flexible are are are your leads in terms of midweek moves if something were to happen? Like, there's no doubt to me that if if you could guarantee me that both situations remain the same for the rest of the season, Brogdon is is the better player for Fantasy. I I think that's that that to me is a it's kind of a lock. Also an elite free throw shooter, you know, which is he's been on fire at the line of late. So if you look at it that way, I think I would lean Brogdon. But again, there's there's certainly some riskier with any any player over like 25 years old on the Blazers. You know, as that season wears on, those guys could be in the mix for a trade or a shutdown. Johnny says, what's up, fellas? Pink waving emoji. I've not seen that emoji, but what's up, man? Give you a wave back. Appreciate you listening along. Good question on Jay 90. See a drop in 9 category leagues for Josh Hart. And as you mentioned earlier, Alex, I think Josh Hart could could be the single biggest beneficiary over these next few weeks with the dislocated shoulder for Julius Randle. He could. Hart, yeah, played 32 minutes in this Miami game, this this most recent game that, I think that was when Randall suffered the injury. Right? Game against Miami. 149 and 5. We've seen, Hart top out at, in 2 years ago, 3 years ago, depending on how you wanna say it. 2122, where he played for the Pelicans to start the year and then got moved to Portland. He ranked 67th in 8 cat. He was playing 33 minutes a game. Now in Portland, he saw a ridiculous usage that he will never see again, I bet. I I think I think Hart can be a top 100 player for the duration that Randall is out. So obviously, you're weighing down against Ivy, who has played really well lately, but Cade is basically coming back healthy now. I would I would like to think that Monty Williams will continue to play Jade and Ivy, you know, upwards of 30 minutes, but I don't have a lot of faith in that. And, I don't know. I you know, Ivy's over the past 15 games, Ivy has averaged 17 basically, 174a half and 4a half. I don't think Hart can get quite there, but if they scale Ivy's numbers back, like if they scale his minutes back by like 5, it, I think the number is actually gonna be pretty close. I think it's actually less risk with Hart at this point. It's gonna be sort of my final answer. There's less risk adding Hart compared to keeping Ivy with Cade Cunningham coming back. Yeah. And, you know, Cade, they said he was good to go yesterday. Obviously, didn't need him. One of the weirdest results of the year. Detroit just, like, handily beating the thunder all afternoon. Right. It was a late scratch. You would think he'll have a pretty good chance to to get back out there. I believe they don't they don't play till Wednesday at Cleveland. So if he's not out there, that's maybe a little bit more alarming. And then they play Friday Sunday. So it is a 3 game week for Detroit. If you're you know, if you're looking as if you're looking at this as like a last prosper spot streamer, you know, maybe in that situation you you lean Josh Hart because of the the schedule advantage. But at the same time, I mean, the problem with Detroit is, like, we just we have no idea what Monty Williams is going to do. Right? Like, there's there are numbers you can look at that say Jay Nive's usage rate drops by 7 percentage points when he's out there with Kate Cunningham. But then you're like, there was also, you know, really weird stuff going on early in the season when, you know, Kate was playing 40 minutes and to bring an Ivy off the bench, he's playing 16 minutes. So it's hard to kind of factor in the the the the rise in consistency and and really the way that Ivy's played better with Kate Cunningham out of the lineup. Like, is there more trust in him now than there was earlier in the season? My guess is yes. And, you know, Josh Hart has has been pretty up and down and and mostly underwhelming this season. Obviously, you'd kinda like the benefit of of seeing a couple of games of of what that looks like. But I hate to say it. I mean, in a I can't league, I I I feel better about Hart, you know, because of the turnovers for Ivy. But, you know, I I trust that Detroit will at least be be throwing Ivy out there for 26 to 30 minutes, even if that means he's he's going back to the bench with Kate coming back. So I would I would lean slightly toward Ivy. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, across the whole season, Ivy sees 5 fewer minutes with Cade available and sees averages 13 fewer fantasy points with Cade available. But again, like you said, does he have trust now? Has he earned the trust of of Monty Williams? And again, it's hard to say. Mhmm. Yeah. I wish I had more definitive answer. It's just yeah. I think it's gonna be close. It's gonna be close. Alright. Good question here for Matt. And, you know, we we should have led the show with this. Ben Simmons available to play tonight. Oh, my god. Yeah. Kinda I wouldn't say totally out of nowhere, but somewhat out of nowhere. He was practicing in the g league for a little bit, was recalled, over the weekend, and then we got that that note yesterday afternoon that he's listed as probable and is now off the injury report entirely, for to for tonight's game against the Utah Jazz. It is a 3 game week for the Nets. Matt's question, you know, would indicate that he he's probably in a daily lineup league. So maybe not quite as concerned about that. But Matt says, should we sit? Guys like Evan Mobley and Ben Simmons tonight with them expected to be on minutes restrictions. 12 games today, so he has other options. I would say yes. I mean, Simmons, I just I don't trust this. I I I think it's far more likely that 2 weeks from now, he's back on the injury report, and, you know, you're you're just we're just kind of on this continuous wheel of of him being in and out. Mobley yeah. I mean, bigger staff basically came out and said, yeah. He's gonna play in the low twenties. Sometimes coaches will will stretch that a little bit, but I think if you're looking at it just for tonight with 12 games, I wouldn't start either of those guys. Yes. I for Simmons, you're a 100% right. I need I need to see 20 minutes in the box score before I even think about putting Simmons in a starting lineup. I need to see it 1st. Mobley. Yeah. I mean, if you have if there's so many games tonight, you're clearly in a daily moves league. I would just look elsewhere, to be honest. I mean, may maybe Mobley puts up similar numbers to some guy playing 35 minutes off your bench, but I I won't even risk it. Johnny says, what do you guys think about picking up Jacob Toppin if he gets called up from the g league with the Randall injury? I wouldn't I wouldn't, like, go grab him now prematurely. I mean, if you're in a really deep league or, like, a, you know, dynasty league, maybe, you know, a league where you have, you know, some slots like our our Roadwire Dynasty League, you know, you got these, like, bispy developmental spots where you could kind of, you know, pick and trade players like Toppin. But, I mean, he's still in the g league. It's Tibbs. He doesn't really have a track record of, you know, somebody who's completely unproven at the NBA level being called up and, you know, one being in the rotation to playing enough minutes where it would matter. So I I wouldn't pick them up. Maybe we'll look foolish in 2 weeks when Jacob Toppin is going crazy, but no. I I don't think it's worth it. I wouldn't do it. Tim's loves his guys. He loves guys with NBA experience. The Knicks have our they have enough depth, to make up for with guys already on the roster. Tim Tim is allergic to the g league. I I don't I don't think he even knows that the Knicks have a g league deal. Probably not. Eric says, would you find it crazy to drop Caris LeVert in a 14 team 9 category league? He says he's punting threes, and Lavertz percentages are a roller coaster at times. Yes. They are. Thanks to both of you. Thanks for the question, Eric. Thanks for listening and watching along. Yeah. I mean, it's that's a pretty good description of Caris LeVert roller coaster. Right? One of the few players in the league that's I mean, it's kind of Harrison Barnes like, honestly, in some ways, maybe a little higher scoring ceiling night tonight. But he'll go through those weeks where you're just like, why why did I think it was a good idea to start him? And then there'll be other weeks where he'll average 25 a game for 4 or 5 games straight. Spend a little bit down lately, missed a couple of games early last week, came back pretty uninspiring. You know, in their last two games against Milwaukee, I I don't think it's crazy to drop them in a 14 team league. No. I don't I don't think it's insane as always. Depends who's out there, but I don't I don't think it's that crazy. I don't think it's crazy. I don't think I would do it until I would maybe want to wait until Garland comes back and then and then do something there. I mean, yeah, Lavertz's a solid 3 point shooter. He's giving you, you know, 2 over his past 15 games. He will get picked up 100%. He will get picked up. I would probably hesitate until Garland comes back. It's hard for me to endorse that. But if you've got again, if you if you don't need the threes at all and you're leaning into other categories, I think there are guys on the waiver wire that probably can give you for what your team is targeting, like, just as good, if not better production for your specific setting. Good trade question here from our guy, Rodney. He says he traded Dejounte Murray and D'Angelo Russell for Michael Porter Junior and Stephen Curry. 12 team points league who won the deal. I don't hate, you know, capitalizing on this hot stretch from DLO. Well, I this entirely hinges on DLO. Yeah. If do you if DLO gets traded and stops doing this, this being, like, you know, 28 and 6 over his past 8 games, which, you know, would probably go down to 22 and 6 if he's shot normally. You're gonna win if D. Lo gets traded and and comes off the bench or or sees lower usage. You're gonna lose if d low for some reason doesn't get triggered and keeps doing this or gets triggered to a team where he's playing 35 minutes a game and has the sort of leash, which I it seems like he's gonna get traded. Yeah. I'm I'm not the biggest Michael Porter guy for fantasy. You know, just it's kind of starting to feel like he's not going to reach the heights that that we thought he might a few years ago. And and he stayed healthy. That's the thing. It's like that was always the thing with him. It's like, man, if you could stay healthy, he'll be a superstar. And It just doesn't really feel like he's followed that trajectory. This is a really interesting one because, normally, I would say you got Steph Curry. It's a home run. But ironically, like, Russell's been a better fantasy player than Curry over the last 2 weeks. Very small stretch and and, you know, it's been a bit of a down month overall for Stephen Curry by his standards. I don't I don't really know if there's a a clear winner right now because, like you said, it it hinges entirely on DLO. And obviously, Dejounte Murray could very well be traded too. But you're you're you're eliminating some risk here. Right? Like, Michael Porter is not going anywhere. You know exactly what you're getting the rest of the way. And you got the best player and the most consistent player in the deal in Stephen Curry. So I I I don't think we're gonna look back at the end of the year and say, man, Curry just had a terrible last 60 games. I think he's going to step out of this and I think he'll probably return borderline top ten value, top 15 value at worst the rest of the way. And you'll be okay with that one. Another question on Ivy. You talked about him a little bit ago. And says, hey, fellas. Is Ivy a hold? He's thinking about dropping him for precious or Conchar. Appreciate the advice. Yeah. We've had on all these guys so far. You know, I, you know, I picked up a Chua, but I wasn't dropping anybody on the level of Ivy. And I'm trying to think, you know, would I have done the same thing? Would I have dropped Ivy for Chua? I don't think I necessarily would have. I think all 3 of these guys are very rosterable. Achua to me, I'm I'm I'm, you know, pinning my stake week hopes basically. I'm precious to Choo. So I'm obviously optimistic about what he can do. You know, on the contract front, I think I'd still lean Ivy there. You know, contracts value over the last 3 weeks has been so, so heavily dependent on those defensive stats, which, as you mentioned earlier, can you depend on on someone like John Conchar blocking 2 and a half shots a game? I don't know. Conchar is listed at 65, not 68, not 69, he's 65. So the block numbers, seem a little inflated. I I'm a 100% with Nick. For those 2 guys specifically Precious and and Kanchar, I would just hold Ivy and see what happens. They're not so they're not such a sure thing that I would risk the the chance that now Monty Williams trust Ivy or that Kate can't keep stay healthy or something like that. Good follow-up here from our guy, Matt. Did you know Precious Chiu siblings names are God's gift, God's will, peace, grace and promise? That makes sense. I definitely I definitely knew about God's gift because I think he played at St John's back in the day. I remember that was like he's older than Precious. So that was my introduction to the Chua family and this this lineage of fantastic names. But man, God's gift and God's will. Could you could you see yourself as like a God's will, Barutha? No, I was alternatively, I may have been named Eric. God's God's gift was not, I don't think on the table for me. That's real though. You, you, you were almost an Eric. It was between Alex and Eric. Yeah. Really? I, I was always told it was Nick or, or Jackson, which I I don't mind the name Jackson. Eric's Eric's a solid name too. It's like, I I have one of my buddies from from back home, his name, his name is Mike, you know, solid name. He said the other option for him was Heath. He's like, my my life would be so much different if I was named Heath. He'd be like, really, really into, like, snowmobiling and 4 wheelers. Like, I I feel like you just yeah. A name like that sets you on a different path. Johnny says, is Paul Reed worth a pickup for today with Joel and beat out? Probably. I mean, there are 12 games. So if you're playing the the single day streamer, you you should have some options. Like, you know, he's coming off of that big game against Denver. That was by far his best performance in any fill in game for a beat this season, and we have a decent sample. We got 9 of them. Even including that that big game, he's he's only averaging 12 and a half points, 7 rebounds, 2 assists, 1.2 steals, 1.2 blocks, but pretty good, pretty well rounded. Yeah. I I think I think I would add them. You know, it depends on on your league size and who's out there. But if you're just doing the the one game and beat fill in, based on what you saw against Denver, there's a good chance you might be kicking yourself if you don't. And they have a pretty good matchup against Portland, which, you know, without a b, that that becomes maybe a more competitive game. And and we see Paul Reed, you know, play into the into the thirties for minutes. Yeah. I echo everything you said. He's averaging over a fantasy point per mega while a starter. Portland sucks. Yes. Streaming Paul Reed, if you can, for sure. Yeah. I I will say too. I mean, you might want to if if you're really on the fence, Maxey's questionable. Tobias Harris is a game time call. It's like if those guys don't play, then you absolutely get them in there. It's like part of the part of the reason we saw these weird stat lines for the Sixers against Denver. It's like it wasn't just a beat out. Those guys were both out. You know, Patrick Beverly went crazy. Anthony Mountain still out. So, yeah, straight answer is yes, but especially if if at least 2 of those 3 are out. Chris Chris Michael. Excuse me. Chris Michael says, Alex, Nick, what are your thoughts about Cam Johnson and Shaden Sharp for 12 cat. Is it safe to move on from them or stash? I don't know. Maybe that's 12 team. Could be 12 cat. You know, I think typically when we get these 12 cat or, you know, anything above 10, it's double, doubles, triple, doubles. So probably doesn't really impact a whole lot here. We talked last week, Alex, about straight and sharp and potentially stashing him. Like, I don't think he's a shutdown risk. We saw him go crazy at the end of last season. You know, Portland, as bad as they've been, you know, they kind of have more options now than they did late last year when they shut everybody down. So I if you got the room to stash Hayden Sharp, I would certainly think about it. Cam Johnson, it to me is the the more interesting one just just because he's been disappointing. Right? Like, you didn't think we'd be getting questions midseason about, like, should I are we stashing this guy? Should I even have them on my roster? Yeah. He's he's just become underwhelming. Like, it's shooting it. You know, people are freaking out about his 3 point shooting. If you take a 14 game sample, he's 40% from 3. He's averaging, you know, he's making 2 and a half a game, but the rest of his staff profile is really weak. Like he's not doing anything. He's basically just turned into like a 3 point shooter for them. And maybe he still can reach, like, the 89, you know, per game value that he did last year, but I kinda doubt it. I'm fine dropping him on a 12 teamer. I think somebody will probably pick him up because if you're in the mindset of, like, is he streamable on a 4 game week? Of course, he is very streamable on a 4 game week. That's like the argument to keep him on your roster. On the other hand, if you're low in the standings, you just need a jolt every single week. Right? And Johnson is not going to give that to you. You may as well just like chase other streamers. Mhmm. And for Sharp, you mentioned it. Like, I think he's a bit he is Sharp is extremely overrated as a fantasy player when everybody is available. He's almost like just a points guy, when everybody's available. But on the risk of that other guys on Portland get moved or shut down or whatever and he starts handling the ball again, then, yeah, he's, you know, I would I think it's fine to hang on to him for that for that chance. Should I keep Luke Kennard? Good question. Kennard already been ruled out for tonight's game. Grizzlies are home for the Sacramento Kings. They play Thursday, Friday in a back to back and then Sunday at Boston. So it is a 4 game week. They have a 3 game week next week and then pretty much everybody's on a short week. They have 3 games before the All Star break. I don't know, man. I'm a little worried about this. It's the same one that cost him all that time earlier in the season. They're just calling it soreness. I think it was a bone bruise earlier in the year. So it's tough to say if that's truly related. But I mean, if he's out there, he's been giving you like 3, 3 and a half threes a game with all these Grizzlies injuries. I you know, again, after this week, like he's he doesn't have another 4 game week until, like, March. So if you're in a daily league, that's not as big of an issue. If you're in a weekly league, I would say you probably don't really want to wait it out because you might be a borderline starter anyway, depending on your league size. Yeah. I mean, I I would love to hang onto him just because he's been very he's very good as a starter. Like, he's given you assists and threes. He's played really well. But yeah. I mean, he's he's not he's he's not really a young guy for them. He's he's 27. They're not they're not like giving Kennard developmental minutes. They're giving him minutes because they have to play a guy and he's there. It's possible. I wouldn't be surprised if he got traded actually, because he's on technically an expiring deal. His contract his contract for next year is a is a team option at 14,000,000. So it's possible they've showcased him enough and they might play play it really safe with him and then try to trade him to, like, a contender that needs a 3 point shooting. Mhmm. Again, I I don't hate the idea of dropping him, but if you have the spot available, I would I would prefer to hang on. It's it's just it's it's such a tough call. It's a great question. The admiral admiral Nida says, who's the better stash for the trade deadline? Ben Simmons, Keonte George, or Amen Thompson. Not bad Simmons for me. I'm gonna I'm gonna rank him 3rd. I'm out. That's fine. Yeah. I mean, I think they they the Nets could certainly pull the pull up plug if there is any plug to even pull with how bad they are, But I I don't trust them and to stay healthy. I don't know what the Jazz are up to, to be honest with you. They're they're 2423. It looks like they might hit the play in, but they you know, again, they might they might prioritize next year. But, Sexton's also playing so well. I don't know if they trade Sexton and then Ahman Thompson. I don't think Houston, like, actually pulls the plug. I think they're gonna just hang on because I think I mean, they've they've they've committed so much to Fred Van Fleet and, like, being good in the immediate future. I don't know. I, better better stash. I mean, I think upside wise, Ben Simmons probably has the most upside if you're just talking, like, fantasy points per minute. Like, if if they if each of these guys got 35 minutes, but then I might go to Thompson and then probably George. We know about George's percentages. Yeah. I've just never not been a huge cap to George guy for fantasy specifically. And, you know, if you're in a a 9 category league, you know, the turnovers have actually been a little bit better lately. He was turning it over a ton early in the season, and he hasn't had as many of those disaster games of late. But I also, you know, I don't he was playing 30 plus minutes for a good stretch earlier in the year. So, like, even if Utah, you know, which has played well lately, they're sitting in 10th right now. I don't, you know, I guess I could technically ship out, you know, Jordan Clarkson, somebody like that, and maybe that opens up a little more time for Kepte George. But we've kind of seen, you know, what he is even when he's playing 30, 35 minutes a night and you're still getting the same variability, you're still getting the same, you know, kind of nothing type of games or 2 of 11 type of performances. So I, you know, I think for me, I'm at Thompson's most interesting. It's just who just used to trade? Right. It's like who wants you know, are you trying to part ways with Dillon Brooks? You just signed like, is somebody bringing him in with three and a half years left on his deal? I don't think so. It does it does feel like they're they're gonna need to consolidate at some point between Jamari Smith, Tara Eason, Cam Whitmore, Ahman Thompson, you know, Jayshawn Tates, Jeff Green's been in the rotation. Guys like that, they have dudes that they should probably consider shipping out, but, I I don't I don't know if they'll do that. But I I'm I'm the most tantalized with Ahman Thompson's upside the rest of the way because you forget how much time he missed early on. Yeah. He kinda got a late start compared to the rest of these rookies. Yeah. Got everything you said makes sense. Alright. We'll do this one quickly, but good kind of general general knowledge question. In head to head category leagues, what stat levels are considered elite in each category? Assuming you mean, like, per player, There's actually if if you are I don't even know if you have to be a subscriber to the rotor wire to to access the Hopefully. Specific ratings. There's, I could here. You know what I'll do? I'll post this in the chat right now, this link. If you go get that link, we have a ratings page on rotor wire. So if you go to the NBA side, there's a rankings tab. You go to ratings, you click that. That's basically like our seasons per game, rake, rankings, how guys are are doing for the whole season. So if you sort by, like, let's say assists, we have a z score set up, which long story short, a z score is like how better how much better are you than average? So I don't know what you would consider elite, but I think just, you know, ripping off this page, like, 11 rebounds is probably a lead for rebounds, points. It's probably something like 30 assists and getting over 8. I think you could probably consider elite steals. I don't know. 1 over 1.6, 1.7 blocks is like 2a half, threes is like 3a half, things like that. So you can kind of mess around with that page and see what what's up there. Yeah. It's also interesting. You could go all the way back to, I think, 2010, 11. Our our tech team is putting a ton of work on this page. We use it all the time. You know, when we when we reference, like, oh, this guy ranks 30th over the last 30 days. That's usually where we're pulling it from. So it's really interesting to look back and also note how what I would what I would say is an elite level is way different now than it was even 5 years ago. You know? I mean, like, I that's something I thought about a lot, you know, in terms of, you know, I I didn't I didn't, like, you know, make a point to go get Joel Embiid in in, like, my auction league specifically or Luka Doncic, and you're like, man, so those guys put up 73 points. I mean, that's like a you know, even from, like, another star player, it's like that might be a week from someone like Pascal Siakam. You know, if he's playing 3 games, he might give you 73 total or even some 4 game weeks. So I I do think those specific categories, specifically points, you know, what it means to be elite. Like, we got we got 4 guys right now averaging at least 31 points a game. I mean, that beats up at at 36 points per game. 3 is is the other one I think that has changed most. You know, if if you used to be somebody averaging like 2, 2 and a half made threes, that was like, woah. Alright. You're, like, close to the top of the league. You know, Curry was kind of on his own island, and he still is this season, by the way. He's averaging, like, 0.8 more made threes than anybody else. But, not only have the the elite guys raised their volume, but the the middle level, I think, is is the biggest thing. I mean, you have, like, you know, well over a 100 players averaging, you know, like, at least 1.4, 1.5 threes per game. Yep. And an important thing to note if you're looking at that page and just like in general for Fantasy, if you're playing cats is is percentages are weighted by volume. So, you know, a guy taking more free throws, at like 75% is gonna do more if you're affecting your free throw percentage on a guy shooting 95% on like 2 attempts. Yeah. So like for example, you know, if you sort by like best free throw, best players affecting free throw percentage, it's Embiid right now at number 1, shooting 88%, who actually does more for you than Lillard shooting 92% at his volume. It's kind of a weird nuance at fantasy, but almost everybody who's giving you something that I would consider very good in the free throw categories over 85% on pretty high volume. Yeah. That was a very good, very good succinct analysis. And again, go check out that page. It's just, it's under our stat dropdown and ratings where you could find all that. And Alex dropped it in the chat as well. Jonathan Isaac question. So Jonathan Isaac's injury management minutes issue was his or Orlando's idea. Weird for him to jump up to 20 minutes to 2 straight games. I agree. Now he's not on the injury report the day after. Very weird. Yeah. I mean, I I just haven't really been thinking about Jonathan Isaac. You know, I think everybody that's watching right now has probably been harmed by Jonathan Isaac at some point throughout their days playing fantasy basketball. If this becomes a trend, you know, it becomes interesting again. But, you know, Alex, he's kinda in the Ben Simmons zone for me where it's just that that promise is there. You know, you look and, you know, right now, he's averaging, like, the the 2nd best block rate of his career. You know, the steal rate's actually down this season, but the minutes have been low. Like, we're not that far removed from talking about him as, like, a future defensive player of the year, but I just I don't really know if I if I trust it. This has been a a strange situation. If you have a deep enough league like, 16, I think it's fine as like an exploratory ad. If you have the space, you're doing well in your league, you can you can get rid of the spot or whatever. You can't be adding a guy like Isaac if you're struggling because he's just not it's it's not consistent enough production. But, it is weird. It is absolutely weird, but I just don't think he's ever gonna see, like, over 25 minutes a game consistently with the way Orlando's roster is with his injury issues. So he's sort of more like a deeply streamer, I think, almost like for the foreseeable future. Alright. We will hit as many more of these as we can. We got about 10 more minutes or so. Is there any player you would trade Luca for? Asks our our friend, Matt. He says, I have Luca and Kyrie, and they don't play many games in the fantasy playoffs. He's in a Yahoo points league. Oh, yeah. Man, that's tough. I mean, obviously, there's a case for a bid. There's a case for SGA. There's a case for Jokic. That's probably where I would draw the line. Yeah. Yeah. I know that the fantasy playoffs issue is is definitely a, it's a concern. I remember hearing, you know, knowing about, like, those guys not Yeah. People they wanna draft them for that reason. But, to actually answer your question, I it it really has to be a guy, like, basically in the MVP conversation that's also a good fantasy player. Like, yeah, like Nick said, Embiid, maybe Anthony Davis, Yeah. SGA, guys like that. You know, I think points league is at is at least a discussion. Yeah. We're talking points league. Right? So it's like Giannis is in there. I don't think I would go like, if you're just talking straight up fantasy points per game, I don't think I would go lower than, like, 5 compared to what Luke is averaging. And that would be a pretty significant step down. So, you know, if I don't know exactly what he's average, he's gotta be 55 or 60. Let's say he's averaging 55. I don't see off the top of my head. I could look it up. But if he's if he's at 55, I'll I'll see where he actually is. 61. Jesus. 61 fantasy points per game for Doncic. I wouldn't go below 55 if you're trading for anybody, you know. Alright. So a couple of these rapid fire is below cool of Bali, a stash in a 12 team head to head 9 category league. I don't know. Not for me. Probably not. I think he's already playing enough minutes that if there were to be some sort of shutdown, yeah, you'd probably see a slight boost, but I don't know. I don't I don't think he's the type of guy that you're like, alright, here's 30% usage rate. Go crazy. So for me, it it if it's a yes or no question, it'd be a no. I think people want Koolabali to happen more than it is likely to happen. And like Nick said, he's getting a decent amount of minutes. There's, you know, I I can I can try to do this very quickly? I'm like rip. I'm doing some on off right now where I'm like ripping Jordan Poole and Kyle Kuzma off the court to see, like, what if Koulibaly's usage increases by a lot. Yeah. With pooling and Kuzma off the court, Koulibaly's usage goes up by 4.6%, which is what I would consider decent, but not like game changing. He's a stash again if you can afford it. If you're at the top of your rankings, like if you're top 3 in your league, do it. If you are below that, you just need production right now. And that's not what Cool Valley is doing. Angel or Angel Figueroa says, Kamika or Draymond in a points league. Interesting. They they they both been good since Draymond's been back, but have just very different statistical specialties, I guess, is one way to put it. I I think I would link comminga in a points league. I think I would too. I'm double checking. Yeah. Yeah. It's close. I I think it's actually a toss-up. It's a toss-up for me, but I'm I'm fine rolling with Kuminga. I don't think there's a problem with that. Okay. Another good question. Should I accept Tyrese Maxey for my Anthony Edwards? Tyrese Maxey for your Anthony Edwards. Yeah. Maxey has slowed down a little bit compared to earlier in the season, but over the past 30 days, he's still ranked 36th in 8 cat. While Edwards is ranked 35th in 8 cat, of course. Yeah. Should you do it? I think I'm cool with it either way. I don't think anybody's gonna end up winning that trade. No. Yeah. I don't think anybody like it's to me, it's a wash. Yeah. If you want. It's kind of a kind of a what do you need question for me. And the stat lines are relatively similar in general. But, I mean, the one the one thing where Maxi has the key edge, I would say, is free throw shooting. He's more efficient, takes about the same amount. But I I think these guys are, like, dead even the rest of the way, which says more about it. I think the crazy season that Maxi's had because, you know, Edward has been maybe a slight disappointment, but it's not like he's playing badly. You know, you could say with Edward or with Maxey, is there a chance that Philly takes a big swing at the deadline? You know, do they talk themselves into Zach LaVine? There there is a scenario, you know, where they where they do that, and then then you're probably gonna wish that you had Edward. So that's that's just one last thing I would say if if that breaks the tie for you. Let's see. We already talked about Cam Reddick or excuse me, Cam Johnson and Shade and Sharp. Paul says there are possibility of Portland sitting Simons, Houston sitting Shangoon and or Chicago sitting Kobe White toward the end of the season. Good question. I don't I don't think Chicago sits Kobe. I he's so he's young and he's in theory, a part of their future if they do decide to rebuild. And I think they just want reps. They just want them to get reps. I don't think Houston will sit Shangoon again. Another young guy. I they're they're in a weird spot though at 21 and 24 if they're starting hot. Portland sitting Simons, I think that's actually the most likely because Portland is so bad. And Ivy or excuse me, and Simons Simons is 24. I feel like that could go either way. I feel like they won't sit him because part of me feels like I mean, Portland's horrible with him playing anyway. And part of me feels like they'll they'll sit their other vets, they'll trade Brogdon, and they'll be like, hey, Simon, do you want to score 35 every night? That'll be awesome for us and for you. So I don't think either any of those are particularly that. No. No. I'm least worried about Kobe White. I'm really not worried about Chango either. I mean, Houston, I think it's pretty likely to be that Houston is at least like in the play and mix until the end of the season. You know, it's like if you were to sit, maybe it would be like the last week, but I I just don't see it. I mean, I don't know what the motivation would be. You're still young enough. You're developing him. You want as many reps as possible. You know, Houston does owe a top four protected pick to the Thunder, but, you know, they're not they're not gonna feel good about their chances to get into the bottom four here. So I don't I don't think we see anything weird at the end of the year where they try to save that pick. You know, they also have Brooklyn's 1st rounder coming in. I believe that's completely unprotected. So that kind of cancels out anyway. So, yeah, I mean, Simon, you could maybe see it, but, because Portland is, like, on that line where, like, they could I think right now they have the 5th worst record and they're, like, 3 games better than Charlotte. So maybe maybe at the end of the year, if they if they really want to try to push for for top 4 lottery odds, I could see it. But, yeah, the other 2, I'm not not really worried about at all. I I will say I think it's more so that Brogdon is helping them win games. So I would the the Brogdon move, I think, is gonna make a lot more difference on, like, assignments situation. Admiral Nida says, which player should I drop to bring Kyrie and Evan Mobley off of IR? He's gonna drop 2 of Draymond Wiggins and Wendell Carter. Tough call. I think I would drop Wiggins. I think that to me is like the the very quick, like, my snap decision. I'm I'm a 100% cool to drop to drop Wiggins. Wendell Carter versus Draymond's a little interesting because Wendell Carter's been playing better lately. I think to honestly, I think their upside is pretty similar in terms of, like, even, yeah, 12 team cats. Pretty similar upside. I will say Wendell Wendell Carter gets hurt all the time. I mean, he got hurt earlier this season. He has never played more than 62 games in a year. I'd be worried about him getting hurt again. Draymond maybe Draymond gets suspended again. Who knows? Possible. But yeah. I guess if you may if you made me pick, gun to my head, as they say, I would drop Wiggins and Wendell Carter, but I think any combination of those 2, if one of them involves Wiggins, is fine. Yep. I'm with you there. Carter versus Green is really tough. I'd I'd probably oh, man. I'd probably drop Wendell Carter. You know, it's been great for a week and a half. It's been really bad and injured for, like, 15 other weeks. So that would that would just kind of break the tie for me. All right. Let's see what else we got here. Interesting question relating to the Hawks from Corey Jack. He says thoughts on the echo Congo odds. Capella gets traded. I mean, the Hawks are a disaster right now. They're 19 and 19 to 27. They are in 10th. I mean, we're talking about a, I would say, a likely play in team at this point. But, I mean, it feels like when they lose, they've just been like it's been so bad. You know, all their losses feel like blowouts lately. Capella could get traded. You know, he's he expires after next year. So you're getting, you know, a year and a half. I don't, you know, 22 mil next year. I don't think that's like that big of an albatross. I just I don't know how many teams really want that archetype of player right now. You know, I mean, that that really the team that comes to mind would be the Knicks. It's like when they when they view him as kind of a Mitchell Robinson replacement, although we'll see if Robinson could get back. Other than that, it's he's just one of those guys that everybody is like, yeah, he's a good player. We don't really want him, though. But, yeah, I mean, at some point, they're going to unleash Chicago. I really hope so, man. I I have him on, like, every long term league that I'm in. I'm like, I'm not punting on this guy. I think he's like he reminds me so much of Bam when he's out there and they just they just refuse to play him. I don't know. I would say the odds that think Capella gets traded to me 45%. That's fine. Yeah. I part of me wonders if he qualifies. Is he a negative asset at 22,000,000 for next year? You know, would they have to actually make a move? Like, would he would almost be a a glorified, like, salary dump to get rid of I don't know. Capella? So yeah. Like Nick said, how many of you guys are looking for presumably, you're bringing in Capella probably not to be your starter unless you are the Knicks. Then you want a guy playing 20 minutes for 22,000,000? You know, maybe Orlando try something, but I think they like 1 to O'Kuro Junior, etcetera. Look. I think if you can if you can stash Okangou on your roster until the trade deadline just to just to hope, do it. Because Okangou is, again, someone who's fine to roster, because you can play them when they have, you know, Hawks are on a 4 game week or something, and it's gonna be nice. But it's, it's tough to say. Can Harrison Barnes keep up this production? We'll do this one quickly because we addressed it at the top of the show. No. Definitely not. But that did not stop me from going out and picking him up, in the very important league this weekend. He scored 32, 39, and 20 in 3 straight games. Prior to that, you know, you could take a pretty large sample here. We'll we'll take his last, I don't know, 25 games before this little spree. He averaged 9 points on 47% shooting. The thing is he's beneficial. It's not like he's having a bad year. He just doesn't he has a low usage rate. It doesn't really do anything. No. I mean, the much, much larger sample suggests that this is one of his, like, 2 or 3 times a year where he goes crazy and reminds people that he's actually pretty good. But in general, I I think you should probably expect closer to, like, 12 points, 3 or 4 rebounds, 1 or 2 assists. You know, cross your fingers for a block and a steal. The past 5 years, 7 years of data on Harrison Barnes tells you that, like, his best case scenario is he's maybe the 125th ranked player in cats and gets 27 fantasy points. And that's if he does that for like a really long stretch, which I don't think he's suddenly going to do now. So, I'm cool with picking up picking him up while he's hot, like Nick said, but he could just as easily go back to averaging 12 a game for the rest of the year. Alright. I I don't know if this is a question or just a statement from Christopher, but this is interesting. You said the one thing that drives me crazy with all fantasy analysis, people like it's important to play the guys with a 4 game week as opposed to the 3 or 2. How often do any of them even play 4 in a week? So if we're reading this correctly, is this is this a an assessment that it's not that important to to have a difference between 2, 3, 4 games because, you know, with rest and injuries, guys don't likely play for anyway. Is that is that your read of this? I think it's more of like, there's a pretty good you have like a, you know, like a a a 35th ranked player on on 3 games and like a 60th ranked player on on 4 games. You know, why play the worst player when the chances of them not playing 4 games is is pretty high? My argument, I sort of against this, would be the part the player has more chances to play more games Yeah. Than the odds of them playing like, you can miss I think the odds of a guy missing one game are the same. So then it doesn't really matter. Like, if you play a guy in a 3 game week, I think his chances of missing a game and then going down to 2 is just as high as a guy playing 4 games going down to to 3, unless they are a known injury risk. If they're a Al Horford or someone or Gordon Hayward or whoever. But you have to like it's it's sounds really primitive. Like, if you're in a points league, just add up the fantasy point averages and, you know, multiply it by their chances to play or like, you know, the the total stats across the board in a roto league. How many points, rebounds, assists is this guy possibly going to average if he plays all of his games? Because all we can assume is that a guy is going to play all the games in a week unless, again, it's a known guy who sits back to backs or is always hurt or something like that. And and those guys have been fewer and further between this season. Right? I mean, like, Kawhi is playing back to backs. Right? I mean, LeBron and AD have stayed healthy. It's like a lot of these guys that we kind of stayed away from or we're really cautious about that's it's they've had better health than you'd expect. So, yeah, I I think what you the the number one point you brought up is you can make the safe case. If you say, well, a guy in a 4 game week, you might only play 3. Well, if you have a 3 game week, you might only play 2. If you have a 2 game week, you might only play 1. And there's just there's just not that many players right now who are like, oh, it's a back to back. He's for sure setting out. You know, you might you might fix it in every now and then. Like, the the team will just did that with Mike Conley last week, although it wasn't even on a back to back, weirdly enough. There's just nothing you could do about that. And that's when you want a guy in a 4 game week because then you're not kicking yourself and saying, oh, man. I'm only getting 2 games out of this guy. Alright. We got our our daily Scoot Henderson question. Keep Scoot in a 9 cat league or use it as a streaming spot instead. I'd stream it for now, unless you I I do I do think I'm on record all year out. So there's going to be a time when Scoot is good. I think you could have, like, a shade and sharp type of run at the end of the year. It's it just hasn't been happening. Right? Like, if you're putting Scoot in, like, a weekly lineup right now, it is it is actively damaging your team more often than not. So I I would stream it. It's killer, man. 8 minutes against Indiana on January 19th, 6 minutes against the Spurs 2 games ago. It is really hard to recommend a guy who is who is dealing with that. I, you know, Brogdon, I assume he's gonna get traded, give scoot a better chance, but scoot hasn't done that much when he's been given more minutes. So, again, I, my, my advice, I, I give this blanket advice a lot. If you're near the top of your standings. Sure. If you need production, if you're in the middle of your standings or 6th and you're trying to get the 3rd for cash or whatever it is, you got to just get guys on your roster who are doing stuff right now to climb up the standings. Yep. Thoughts on Mark Williams and Zach LaVine. Look. I I wish we had insider info on Williams specifically. We got the, quote, unquote, not close to returning update a little over a week ago. Who knows what that means? Charlotte has won 10 games this season. You know, they're they're not rushing anybody back. I think at this point, God, expect that he's out through the All Star break. You know, that's a nice like 7, 8 days off for Charlotte where, you know, maybe that's the kind of boost he needs. But I don't know, man. I mean, this this could also just be a total loss season. And then Levine, like, is legit injured. But I also think this is a trade deadline thing. I don't think they really want to risk anything. I think he's likely going to be dealt. And the latest update on him came, I think, Friday. They said he's going to miss at least another week. So, you know, if he's out all of this week, they play tomorrow, they play Wednesday, they play Saturday, and then they have 5 more games before the all star break. We'll see. I mean, that that could also you know, the trade deadline is obviously sprinkled in there too. You know, it's possible that he's played his last game for the Bulls. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think everything he said about both those guys is right. We don't we don't have any, you know, insights that aren't, described on on rotor wire or anything more than any other beat writer said. Yep. Alright. We'll do a couple more, and then we'll be out. Interesting one here from Skeeter. Trade Porzingis for Turner and Wembanyama for Chet. Trying to prep for playoffs, scared of a Wendy shutdown, and KP continuing to sit games. Yeah. I mean, I I don't mind the the the line of thinking here. I think the framework makes some sense. You know, when Binyama and and Chet have been, at the very least, comparable this season. You know, when Binyama's, you know, on balance, been the better fantasy player despite the minutes restriction. Yeah. I'm with you on Porzingis. You know, I got got hurt over the weekend. Doesn't seem like it's too serious, but, you you know, it just feels like you're always waiting for that injury to come. Yeah. This is tough, man. Because Turner Turner has been, like, playing at, like, a 80th ranked level lately, and Porzingis yeah. Porzingis is gonna get hurt. Wembley's been the 9th ranked player over the past 30 days. Yeah. He's he's playing limited minutes. He's playing back to backs now. The minutes are back up. Chat's more in the 60 range during this stretch. I think it's fine to do if you're worried about those things, but it's, man, I would I I would be just as worried about either scenario. I'd be worried about trading. Like, I I worry that I'd flip the coin. It'd be the wrong thing no matter what. That's, yeah. If you can, I would say I would wait to do this because I don't think the when we shut down is imminent? I agree with you. I think I think it probably happens at some point, although I don't see the Spurs falling out of the bottom 4. You know, that's really the the number one concern. But there yeah. I think there is it's almost like a pitcher with an with an innings limit, you know, coming into the year. You know, we've seen that with, like, young pitchers and and some even some older guys before where it's you know, they're pretty firm on that. There's some dude for the Marlins this past year. Anybody who follows baseball is probably like you're an idiot. This is like a big name guy. But that's kind of how I view it. But I'm like, I think I think they might have like a number in their mind of like this number of minutes. You know, we've we've run the numbers with our training staff and, like, there's, like, an optimal, you know, number for him where they wanted to get, you know, a certain amount of experience without exposing him to risk. But the Spurs are I mean, they played 46 games. So if he gets shut down, you know, maybe it's a mix of, you know, you're mixing in some days off or, you know, he misses the final 10 games of the year. Like, I don't see when many of them are missing, like, the final 25 games. I would I would try to milk this as long as I can with when many of them. Yeah. Because last year with the Spurs did, because they would just play guys, like, 2 games and then sit them Yeah. 2 games and then sit them 1 game, sit 3 games, sit. They wouldn't, like, shut guys down, but that's to an extent, you know, like that's almost just as harmful because you think you're getting 3 games and it's 1. You can't even start the guy or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Right. All right. We'll do, yeah, maybe 2 more. This might be the penultimate Draymond Green, Rozier, or Hartenstein rest of season. I mean, Rozier has not done that much since going to the heat, 3 games, averaging 9 points on 11 shots. So that's gonna increase. You'll probably average more like 14 or 15 points. His shooting has just been off. So I think look again, Rosier, I think he's gonna be like 14 and 5 probably for the rest of the year, based on what we've seen through 3 games, which is pretty solid. But I think that will there's a good chance that is worse than Draymond, and I think there is a good chance that is worse than what Hartenstein is doing for you. The Hartenstein Achilles injury is mildly concerning, but we don't know yet if he's gonna have something that's limited. So, that's that's hard to say. Yeah. I I'm a little more optimistic on Rozier. Like, I think if he averages 14 45 the rest of the way, like, that'd be a little disappointing. I think you're hoping for more, but there are a lot of mouths to feed in Miami. Like, more than anything, it just depends on, like, does bam you know, does Jimmy Butler continue to miss time? Does Tyler Herro missed 10 games at some point? You know, it's like there are going to be weeks or stretches where Right. I think Rozier plays really well. You know, it's important to know that Hartenstein top 35 guy in category leagues in the last month. You know, it's not only the high volume rebounds, but almost 2 steals a game, 1 and a half blocks. So he's he's been probably even better than you might expect. So this is really difficult. And then Draymond, you know, just you look at you've never, like, blown away by a stat line, but it it kinda adds up for fantasy. I I think I would rank them I think I would go Hartenstein, Dre Hartenstein, Rozier, Draymond. I mean, Rozier versus Draymond is so close. Such different players. But Yeah. You got pretty good options there. Alright. Last last real question, then we got one more I wanna hit. Joel says, should I flip LeBron for Deshante Murray and Jabari Smith? I just lost Julius Randle, and I lost Jamba Rand. I feel like I need to make a move. Fourteen team category league. Jabari Smith's alright. I mean, I you know, 14 team league, it should be for sure. He's he's gonna be a fringe starter for you, I think. I don't I don't mind this trade. Murray is worse than LeBron and Fantasy, but not a lot. They're separated by like 20 ranks and cat, over the past month or so. So getting Jabari Smith back, not not not bad. I'm trying to get a slightly better sweetener. Mostly because I I think Dejounte Demar could get traded to a worse situation. That situation could be playing with LeBron. That is true. That is true, actually. Yeah. So I I don't think this is, like, a terrible trade, but if somebody offered me LeBron for Murray and Smith, I think I would take it is the way I would put that. Yeah. I yeah. Doug, it's a good point. We don't know about Murray's situation. You might wanna wait until after the deadline. See what happens. Yeah. Yeah. I just I would just try to do a little better than Jabari for your for your second option. It depends on the on the guys roster, obviously, or girls, roster. But, yeah, I don't know. I'm just not like I like I really like him. I just think he's been misused and I'm not just not that excited about him for fantasy. We talked earlier about, like, the 7 threes and fours that that Houston has right now and sorting through all that. So I would just try to do a little bit better because, I mean, LeBron's coming off of, like, his best statistical game of the year. Right. 36, 2012 the other night. You know, try to try to deal with somebody who doesn't think he's going to get hurt and, you know, see if you can really push the push the boundaries. Like, I wouldn't go in with this offer. Like, this is this is arguably fair, but I think you I would start a little bit higher and make somebody say no. All right. Last one, Dennis says, love the Kings and Raptors artwork in the frames. There we go. Just put these up today. Can you share the artist? I can. I'll link his his Twitter in the chat is Ryan Simpson. However, I got these a long time ago, probably, like, I don't know, 7 ish years ago. And I don't know that the store is still active. I know every now and then he'll do you know, he'll tweet something out and be like, oh, the store's back up, but it's been it's been very hit or miss. It hasn't been as consistent as it was. He used to sell a bunch of, you know, really cool stuff, mostly NBA related, but some pop culture, some, you know, football, basketball, baseball. So check it out. I would I would bookmark it and, you know, maybe follow them on Twitter and just see because I think the store will reopen at some point. But as of right now, when I go to his website, it says BRB store will be back soon. So I wish I could help you out more, but that's that's where you could find that. Alright, guys. Thank you for all the questions in the chat. You guys make this a fun pod for us. We'll be doing this every Monday through the season, around 2:30 CST. I'll be back with Brandon Kravitz on Wednesday. That'll be around 10:30 AM EST. And Alex will be talking waiver wire on Friday with Ken and Chan. We'll have episodes Tuesday Thursday as well, so keep an eye out for those. Go follow us on Twitter, rotor wire fantasy basketball. You can follow Alex and I at Whelan at Barutha Alex. And please, like, subscribe. There are some comments on the videos. We'll answer those on YouTube. But appreciate everybody listening and watching along as usual. And we will talk to you next Monday.