What's up, everybody? Nick Whalen, Alex Barutha here with you as we are every Monday afternoon on the Roadwire Fantasy Basketball podcast. We're brought to you this week by smart brackets. Go check out smart bracket, smartbracket. Io. They got an app as well, NCAA tournament coming up. This is exactly what you need to do well in those pools. March Madness fans, before we dive into the madness, we wanna loop you in on one of our sponsors, supported intelligence. They've developed an AI tool called smartbracket. Io that can really help when you're building those brackets. Think of smart bracket as the one friend who always has the inside scoop. Thanks to something they call rapid recursive technology. It's like having a secret playbook for your March madness picks, making your bracket a bit smarter while saving you a ton of time. If If you love the game and your bracket could use a bit of an edge, smart bracket dot io is worth a peek. I'll say that, Alex. It's fun. It's easy to use while leveraging some brilliant AI technology. It might just give you those bragging rights that you're after. With March Madness just around the corner, a little extra insight never hurts. When selection Sunday starts, check out smartbracket.io. Here's to enjoying the madness and making smarter choices along the way. Thank you. Supported intelligence. Smart bracket. Check it out, man. We are, what, less than a week away from selection Sunday. So now's the time. Smart bracket dot io. Well, Alex, we have more injury news to get to. I will take complete responsibility for this. You called me out on it, last week. You're like, alright. You know, a couple weeks ago, you said we don't have that many injuries. Pretty much everybody's been healthy except for a bid and LaMelo. I just continue to be wrong. I was covering some news for us late last night, and it's like Sunday night. Not that many games. Should be chill. No. Shangoon's leaving on a wheelchair. Sadik Bey tears his ACL. And we found out earlier in the weekend that Ben Matherin is gonna miss the rest of the season. I I feel even more like an idiot because I was taking Victory Labs last week. I'm like, oh, yeah. I traded Jaren Jackson. Got rid of that problem. I got Shangoon. He he he had a couple, like, monster games. I'm like, alright. I'm making a charge in the state league. No. No. I am not. And we we should say we don't necessarily have a a full update on Shangoon quite yet. I am somebody that stays away from the gruesome injury videos. So I was, like, kind of yeah. I I had to watch it as a journalist last night to to write the injury note, and I'm like, I kinda have, like, one eye open. Like, I really don't wanna see this guy's leg snap. I will say it wasn't quite as bad as I thought. You know, it was more of a an ankle issue. At first, you kinda couldn't really tell. He was contesting to Monte Sabonis in transition. But either way, you could you could hear, on the audio feed, you know, Shangoon using some expletives to to define what was going on with his foot and ankle. He'll, of course, undergo an MRI, some X rays. We'll see what's next. Gotta imagine, I mean, he's at least missing a couple weeks here. Right? I mean, like, the best case scenario feels like it's a severe ankle sprain. And, you know, it could be a break, could be some tendons that are damaged. I mean, it wouldn't be surprising at all if he's just done for the year. Yeah. That would not be surprising. I mean, I I saw the video. I I saw the image that was sort of going around Twitter in terms of, like, the the ankle looked like it bent a little too far up for my liking up on the leg. I yeah. But I I echo what you're saying where if you get Shangoun back at any point this season, I think that's a win, whether it's fantasy, whether you're the Houston Rockets. And at some point, there is going to be an equation of, look, we're in 11th right now. We have 29 wins to Golden States 33, who's above us. And if we're gonna they are probably gonna start rattling off some more losses here without Shangoun. And at some point, they may just decide with a few weeks left in the season, a couple of weeks left in the season, he we just shut him down regardless. Yeah. I think he was on the on the outskirts of potentially being a shutdown candidate anyway. Right? I mean, Houston's sitting at 11th right now. I I don't believe they have any, like, major draft pick implications. So I I do think if he was healthy, they'd be probably plays out the season. And what's, you know, gonna end up being just kind of an average year for the Rockets. But, yeah, I mean, it's not like this is a team that's battling for, you know, the 5th seed in the Western Conference. It's like if if there's any risk whatsoever, you're shutting them down. You're playing for the future and kind of playing the long game anyway with somebody as young as Shangoon. But that was that was brutal. You know, I know a lot of people in the chat were telling us last week, you know, they have 2 or 3 guys who've who've been victims of injuries, and now you throw Shangoon on top of that. You know, Citibank, not not a a top 70 guy, top 50 guy, even higher like Shangoon, but still another blow, you know, somebody who had stepped up of late with all the other injuries in Atlanta. They called it a hyperextension last night initially, since it it's been announced by that it is in fact an ACL tear for Sandeep Bay. So, obviously, he's out for the rest of this season. And with it being March 11th, you know, this is likely something that will impact him as far as the start of next season goes. Atlanta, you know, could get Jaylen Johnson back, as soon as Wednesday. That's their next game. You know, he's kind of more of a day to day guy at this point. But, of course, still without Trae Young and without Onyeka, Kungwu. And it's kind of a big deal for Fantasy. I mean, Saddiq Bey prior to last night, I mean, he'd been averaging north of 35 minutes a night with all their injuries. Yes. I mean, it's, you know, Atlanta, you mentioned it getting hit by injuries. Jalen Johnson has been banged up, has missed 2 straight. Yeah. I think they're gonna I mean, hopefully, we've been saying this for, like, 4 years. Hopefully, this means more usage for Deandre Hunter. I don't know if that'll actually happen. They've been kind of going with, like, hey. Let's give, you know, let's give Garrison Matthews some more minutes, and Vik Kredgy is back. So from, like, a a fantasy perspective, I don't really know if there's gonna be a major beneficiary with Sadik Bey out for the season. Maybe AJ Griffin can get in the rotation at some point, but he's been in the g league. That's tough to say. I do wanna actually I wanna I wanna go back a little bit because we do we we talked about Shangoon, but but we didn't really mention, hey. Someone's got our start for him. You know, that's 30, 35 minutes a game usage. He's only missed one game this season, so our sample is very small in terms of what happens. You know, when he sits out, part of me thinks, hey. They they signed Joc Landale for a reason. Yep. He hasn't been playing that much. I also think they like Jabari Smith as a small ball 5, but sort of what is what is your initial reaction to who may get more minutes? Yeah. I mean, that's a decision that that that was kinda in on last night. You know, obviously, we we have some human input on our our snap projections, our minute projections, and there's it's interesting in Houston because I think Landell's the obvious guy. Right? But the only other real center on the roster other than Steven Adams, who's not playing this season, is Boban. And Yeah. You know, every team Boban's on, it's like, you know, every now and then he'll just pop in and and play 4 minutes. You know, early in his career, you know, he'd have those runs where he'd sometimes, you know, creep up to, like, 15 minutes. He just hasn't really been, a part of this rotation at all this season. So I I don't I don't see a situation where it's like, alright. Landale and Marjanovic, you're just splitting up 48 minutes a night now between you 2. I I think Landale is the obvious beneficiary. I also I also think there's kind of a cap on on Joc Landale. Right? I I don't think he's stepping into 30 minutes a night. You know, I I think, you know, maybe he moves from playing 13 to 17 minutes to, like, 22 to 25, which which could still be really valuable, you know, in terms of points and rebounds, and you hope you get a few blocks and threes out of him. But I I think the the true beneficiary might be Jabari Smith, as you alluded to, is already playing big minutes. So in terms of, you know, where where his night to night workload could go, I I'm not sure there's a huge, you know, jump up there. I mean, he's averaging, like, 35 a game already. He's had a couple 40 minute nights of late. But I I think it's it's more about, you know, where does the usage trickle down here? Because, you know, Shangoon is is obviously near the top on that roster as far as guys who use possessions. You got Jalen Green. You got VanVleet. You know, maybe this is a few more shots for for Cam Whitmore who will happily take those. But I I think we see more more small ball Jabari Smith, and I I think he inherits, you know, a lot of the, what, 17 shots a game, essentially, and and even more possessions when you factor in the passing and the free throws from Shangoon. So this makes me like Jabari Smith more down the stretch. Yeah. I think if you're the Rockets, you also want to try to just get Jabari Smith to do a little bit more. He hasn't had to, and that's fine. Like, you have Fred VanVleet and shangoon running the offense. Jalen Green does this thing. You have Cam Whitmore come in, and pop shots, but I think you would like to get Jabari Smith some more offensive development, you know, you mentioned usage as well. Looking up right now on our on off court stats page on rotor wire with shangoon and Tari Eason. Also off the court, who gets the biggest usage boost. It is Jalen Green who gets an 8% usage boost up to 34% usage when he's on the court. 25 points and 4 assists for Jalen Green. So look. I'm not gonna stand here and predict like Jalen Green, 25 points a game from here the the rest of the season. But, if you're looking for maybe a buy low candidate, you know, someone doesn't necessarily think there's gonna be a correlation there. There's a chance if you're in a 10 team category league, Jalen Green might actually be under waiver wire, might not be a bad pickup. Yeah. And you mentioned earlier, I mean, Shagun has missed almost no time this year. He only missed one other game. That was February 10th against Atlanta, and this injury occurred with, like, a minute left last night. So it's not like we we even have, like, a quarter or a half to see what Houston would do. So it it is somewhat of a guessing game. You know, looking ahead at the schedule for Houston, assuming Shangoon is out, 3 more games this week. They have a 3 game week next week and then a 4 game week to conclude the month of March. So I I I think, you know, in a deeper league, I'll I'll definitely try to go out and grab Joc Lando, on on somewhat of a speculative basis and just kinda see what this becomes. I mean, again, we don't really have much of a road map here. They don't have a ton of depth at center. You know, Jeff Green would kinda be that other guy and, you know, obviously, we're not that interested in him for fantasy. But, yeah, I think Jabari Smith and Jalen Green are are probably the 2 biggest winners here, which doesn't even feel like the right term when somebody's leaving on a wheelchair. But nonetheless, if you're a shangoon fantasy owner, not great news. Paul chimes in. He said shangoon just went down for me last night. He's locked in at 1st place. So he has the bye week for the 1st week of the playoffs. That's good. What do you think of the chances Embiid comes back for week 22? I So Go ahead. No. You go ahead, please. Well okay. Yeah. It depends what, you know, some leagues split the all star break or not. So you're basically in either week 20 or week 21 right now. So you're basically asking me, like, do I think Embiid will come back in the next 2 to 3 weeks? My guess is no. We did get a a fairly encouraging update, last week that he was ramping up, back. He started on court workouts, and he's a 100% in the weight room, which is great. Now what does that mean? Does that mean Embiid squatting £400 on his knee? Maybe not. But I think look. Shams Charania said that he is expected to miss 6 to 8 weeks. Guys like Shams, Chris Haines, Woj are almost never wrong, and that 6 week timetable puts him at basically early April. And even if he does come back a little before that, let's say he he comes back last week of March, what are the odds he's playing more than, like, 20 minutes a game for you? And then at that point, someone else on your roster is probably gonna be giving you just as good, if not better numbers. So I don't think you should worry about potentially dropping Embiid if you're if you're a thin for IR spots. Yeah. Philly's gotta be careful too. I mean, this team is completely cratered as you'd expect without Embiid and, you know, Maxey's missed time as well. That certainly has not helped, but they're they're down to 6 right now in the Eastern Conference and are only a half game up on Indy and a full game up on Miami for 7th 8th. So, again, I I do you're obviously gonna prioritize Joel Embiid's health, but there is there is some urgency here, I think, when it comes to the sixers because, you know, you were, what, 3rd, 4th, and these, like, 3 weeks ago and all of a sudden, and now you're you're in grave danger of falling into the play in zone. I I I would not drop Embiid. So where do you come in officially? Are you saying that you would you would drop him and try to stream that spot, or are you with me where, like, I I think there's enough of a chance, and obviously, the upside is so colossal with Embiid that if you could hold him, I I would still hold out hope until it's officially rolled out. If, like, if you if you have too many injury reserve spots, like, if you're holding let's say you have 2 IRs and you're already holding 2 top 40, top 50 guys in there Yeah. I think you could drop Embiid, to be honest. Okay. It's if if if you're because he's saying his 2nd week of the playoffs is the is week 22 Yeah. Which it's gonna be 2 weeks from now for a lot of people. So Yeah. If that's your case, you just gotta win. You just gotta get through the playoffs. Fair enough. Fair enough. Matt points out in the chat, by the way, Drew Holiday out tonight for the Boston Celtics. Some actionable news here. Boston had its entire starting lineup, on the injury report as of last night. So Holiday's gonna be out, but Tatum, Brown, and Derrick White will all play. Kristaps Porzingis, also sitting out. It is the front end of a back to back for Boston. So something to keep an eye out there. I can take my I can take my Derrick White over blocks and a set or blocks and steals props tonight on the rotor wire NBA show on SiriusXM channel 86. I will say, you know, you mentioned the 70 sixers are are struggling right now. Past 4 games, they're averaging 98 points per game. They had scored, what, 76 or something last night? They well, they won. 79 to 73. Look. Nothing wrong with that as long as you're holding the Knicks to 73. Man, brutal. Alright. We'll hit a few questions here as we move through the pod. You know, wanna talk about some of the guys on the rise. And, you know, a lot of the questions here, I I think, will will go hand in hand with players we wanna talk about. And we're we're at the point in the year where we gotta talk about Delano Benton and Scoot Henderson because with all the injuries and with with, you know, everybody kind of scraping for value this time of year, these are relevant names. Kenny asked Banton or Scoot in a 9 cat 10 team league. His playoffs also begin in week 22. Banton's really tough for me because he's he's been playing a ton of minutes. He started 4 games in a row. He played 42 minutes against a a terrible Toronto team the other night. You know, the numbers have been pretty good. You know, the shooting is probably gonna be all over the place, but really high usage player. And, you know, we're we're basically night tonight with all of the regulars for Portland. Right? Jeremy Grant, you know, 8 and 9 o came back recently, but he'd been out. You know, Brogdon, probably don't see him again this year. I don't I don't know that we see Shaden Sharp either. He's missed a ton of time. So I I feel like with Banton, if you're in a daily lineup league and you could kinda play the you've gotta kinda play the the odds, I guess, on on who's out on a given night. I like him a lot. I think if you're locking him into a weekly lineup, especially in a 3 game week, there there might be some nights when you get burned because, you know, who knows when Jeremy Grant is ran randomly gonna play or Anthony Simon just randomly gonna sit out. Yeah. Like, we could all look at the past 4 games that he started and be like, hey. Look, man. 36 minutes, he played well. But then before that, there were 2 games where he played single digit minutes. And look, I yeah. Ben's playing well. I would still rather have Scoot. I'd Scoot is a guy we're not talking about, like, Jeremy Grant, who's a veteran, or Deandre Ayton, who's a veteran, sort of, and might get shut down. Like, Scoot is someone that have obviously a lot of interest in developing. And I think they would like to get him as many reps as possible. Mhmm. I I would rather I would rather have Scoot. I know he's gonna kill your field goal percentage. I know he's gonna kill your turnovers, but there's, like, a 0% chance that Scoot plays, like, 9 minutes in a game that he's healthy. And that that could happen to Banton. Now chances of it happening get less and less as the season goes on, but yeah. Another good blazers question here for Daniel. He says, my team is more injured and seemingly outclassed in my current head to head playoff matchup. Looking to stream max games played in an attempt to compete. I could tell you you're doing the right thing there. Is Tomani Kamara a good grab for the Wednesday, Thursday back to back set? Yeah. I mean, you're you're kinda scraping the bottom of the barrel, but for good reason here, They play Atlanta and New York, so we like one of those matchups. We don't love the other, against the Knicks team that's been pretty good on defense and and should be getting some pieces back soon. Those are both home games for Portland. You know, maybe that's a slight bump. I'm not I'm not super fired up about Kamara. I would like to think at a 12 team league, you might be able to do a little bit better, but specifically specifically for that back to back set, I don't mind it. 11 games this season, he's played more than 30 minutes. He's averaging about 11.7 boards, 1 and a half steals, 1.3 threes. So I I would say, you know, reasonably, you times that by 2, and that's probably what you should be able to expect. Yeah. I also, I think it's, not a lot of people say they're being outclassed in fantasy. I do that. Very big of you to say that. Kamara. Yeah. I mean, I part of me thinks there's probably a better option on the way for wiring a 12 team league. But if if points and assists are, excuse me, if points and rebounds are what you need, then it it's fine because that's all really Kumar is doing for you, but it's gonna be pretty inconsistent. Yeah. I'm looking at I mean, Charlotte is another team that has a back to back Friday, Saturday. Yeah. I mean, the Pelicans have a Friday, Saturday back to back. So, you know, presumably, this is a a daily moves league where you can, you know, kinda jump around and, Utah also has a Friday, Saturday back to back. A couple of teams, you know, Portland, Portland and Dallas, I believe. Oh, no. Portland, Dallas and Chicago are the 3 teams with a Wednesday, Thursday back to back. Yeah. I, you know, Chicago is, I don't know what a 12 team. Is there anybody you really like, you know, Dallas, maybe Daniel Gafford's out there? I feel like we have to kind of go game to game with him still. Yeah. And I mean, this week is actually pretty balanced from like a how many games are on a day of a week perspective. So it's a pretty good week to stream in general. But, yeah, I mean, Chicago doesn't really have that many appealing options, but, outside of the usuals. Drummond would not be a bad stream if he's available. Yeah. Yeah. I would check into Drummond. And, again, if somebody dropped Gafford, you know, he's now played 20 plus minutes in 3 straight. So that trend, has reversed a little bit. You know, as far as his minutes go, he started 2 in a row, had you know, he's got 8 blocks over his last 3 games. But, you know, Derek Lively back in the mix now. He missed the game against Detroit over the weekend. So that's that's, you know, liable to change on a whim, for that Dallas front court. Christopher says, what are your feelings about Toronto? Everyone is out tonight, thinking about streaming Jordan Nawara. Well, you're right about that. So Quickley is out. Gary Trent is out. Chris Boucher, who's played well of late, he's out. Jakob Hurdle, Scottie Barnes, they're all out. RJ Barrett, will be a game time call with an illness, and Bruce Brown, also questionable as of right now. Barrett's actually been upgraded to probable. So it does look like they'll have RJ Barrett. I mean, this this is a skeleton crew for the Raptors. And, you know, we talked a little bit last week about, you know, some guys who could benefit with with no Barnes and no Pirtle. And we're kinda going through the same song and dance with the war as last year where it's like, if the minutes are there, yeah, he has a chance to score, like, 25 on any night. You know? He he is a chucker, and we don't necessarily mean that in a bad way for Fantasy. He kinda reminds me of, like, a type of player. I think if those minutes were there, hasn't played a ton of minutes. He's played only 15 total minutes the last 2 games, but, you know, with with so many guys out, I think that probably changes tonight. So I don't I don't mind it. You know, I think you have to live with the potential downside here, and it's it's a pretty rough matchup at Denver. Tough matchup. They are 16 point underdogs. Although that may actually help a a Nawara. If it gets out of hand, he might just go up and chuck. Yeah. You second with with with Nawara because per 36, basically I mean, this season's averaging 18, 7, and 3. So and he could play 36 minutes tonight. Who knows? It's it's to the point for Toronto where, you know, we have an on off court stats on our daily lineups page on rotor wire, and you can click it and get kind of a quick heads up on who gets increased usage. It just says we don't have data for that. There's too many guys out. Like, it's it's gotten to that point where it's like this just doesn't even these lineup combinations don't actually exist. Yeah. Now, again, it's fine. There is still a chance he might only play 20 minutes. It's almost impossible to predict. I mean, I wish we had better answers for you, but a guy like Abadji actually gave a decent amount of run to Freeman Liberty the other day. Yeah. Feel a little bit safer. Alright. We continue to navigate through the weeds here. Matt says, would you drop Hartenstein for either Olinik or Nick Richards in a head to head points league? It's in the semifinals of his playoff matchup. I I I think so. It's it it partially, it depends on, of course, what categories you need and, you know, some of the the league settings here. But it's a 3 game week for the Knicks, and it's a 4 game week for both Toronto and Charlotte. So, again, it depends. You know? Do you have the ability to make moves night tonight? Is there a games limit? Things like that. But if you're just looking at it from a game's play perspective yeah. You know, Hardenstein's numbers have been down lately. Both and Richards have outperformed him. So I I would say yes. The question is, do you go with Olinic or do you go with Richards? Yeah. You mentioned Hardenstein's minutes are down. You have a deal with that Achilles injury. Knicks are playing at a horrible pace lately. I mean, look. Olinic is the better fantasy player. If Megates were equal and Olinic has been playing significant Megates lately, and they gave up my extension, but Toronto needs to lose games to keep their draft pick. And I would worry about an Oleonics shutdown at some point, mysterious injury, whatever it is. Mhmm. So that that does make me prefer Richards even though he's a bit inconsistent. But look over the course of a week, 3 games, he'll get you he'll get you decent numbers. He'll get you, you know, that that 108 with a block average that you need. But if you need pure upside, like this week, I think I would just go Olinic. But if you're if you're concerned longer term yeah. Richards. I will say if we need to break the tie here, I like the schedule a lot more for Charlotte at Detroit tonight, at Memphis on Wednesday, Phoenix, Friday, Philly, Saturday. I mean, you got 3 really good matchups there. And then, you know, Phoenix is a little tougher, Whereas Toronto plays at Denver, at Detroit, and then 2 against Orlando, which has been a, you know, really slow pace, good defensive team, to end the week. So I I think that would push me slightly in favor, of Nick Richards. Brian says, is Tyler Herro coming back at all? Good question. I think so. I think he should come back. He's he's he didn't play last night against the Wizards. That was, what, 8 missed games in a row. This is becoming a little bit more concerning. They don't play again till Wednesday, and then they play Friday Sunday. Those are 2 road games at Detroit in 3 days. You know, we're we probably won't get an update on hero until at least tomorrow, maybe even Wednesday morning. So if you have to make that decision now, I I would say hold them out to your lineup, you know, especially in the 3 game week for Miami. But, you know, this is not a team that, like Toronto, we're worried about trying to lose games. So I I I don't think they will take this longer than they need to. Yeah. It's a bit weird, you know, because he he was dealing with a knee injury, and then now he's dealing with a foot injury. Yeah. Yeah. Sort of. It looked like he hyper extended his knee, and now he's dealing with what they're calling right foot medial tendinitis. So it's kind of hard to discern. I assume the knee injury is fine now, and that's it's the foot. But, yeah, unfortunately, we don't have any more information about, like there's there's gonna take a day to day. Yeah. Brian also says he's dropping Royce O'Neil and Isaiah Hartenstein. Who should he pick up in a 10 team, 9 cat, head to head league? Keontae George, Simone Fontecchio, Joc Landale, Ahmet Thompson, or Aaron Neesmith? Keontae George has been pretty good lately. 10 straight starts averaging 17 points, 5 assists. Solid percentages has been killing it from 3. You know, we talked we talked about Landale earlier, so I don't want I don't wanna do a whole spiel on that. That's kind of uncertain. Do you have what do you what do you think about Fontecchio, Ahmed, Nesmith? Well, I think the case for Fontecchio is that Detroit, I believe, is the, so Phoenix also has, no. Excuse me. I'm looking at the wrong page here. Detroit, I believe, is the only of these teams that has 4 games this week. So keep that in mind. Again, always depends on on what how the moves work in your league. But these these are all different players, but comparable. You know, there's a reason you're considering all of them for this spot. Fotecchio has got 2 20 plus point games in his last three. You know, a lot of it is gonna hinge on, you know, is he going 1 for 3 for 3, or is he going 5 for 12 like he did the other night against Miami? So you have to live with that. It is a category league, so the threes do help you there quite a bit. I I do still think, you know, in a vacuum, it's probably Kiappe George for me. I mean, he too has had 2 great games in his last 3. It to me, it just comes down to the schedule. You know, do you want 4 out of Fontekia, or do you want 3 out of Kiappe George? Can you take it game to game? Can you kind of alternate between those 2? But in terms of upside, I think it has to be Keontay George. And speaking of the Jazz, by the way, I'm a little concerned. I'm a little concerned about what's going on here. They they brought in Darius Baisley, our old pal, as well as Kenneth Lofton on, you know, these these non guaranteed deals. That makes me worry about Taylor Hendrix, and it makes me worry even more about Lauri Markkanen. It does. Suspicious moves by the Utah Jazz, let's say. Yes. Taylor Hendrix, who is, we haven't really gotten an update on, you know, on March 5th, they said he'd be out at least a week. We haven't gotten anything since then, dealing with a toe injury. Those have various the timelines on toe injuries are all over the place. Yeah. Then, yeah, Markkanen who has missed 3 straight, and we don't have an update, for him for tomorrow's game yet. It's quad injury. It's It's about all we know. But, yeah, if I again, we've talked about it in other pods. If you have market in and you can trade him for comparable value, you just do it. But it gets hard. It's gets more difficult every every game that he sits out. Yeah. Jazz are I'm saying that they're out of the play and mix right now, and I don't think they care. They have the 7th worst record in the NBA. Actually, 8th worst record. Toronto has, has creeped up on them. So they they have draft pick implications to worry about. I don't know if they're gonna succeed in that, but they'll probably at least try to maximize their chances. We knew about marketing being a risk for a while, and I think every you know, with each passing week, it becomes more and more concerning. And, yeah, you you kinda learn to read between the lines on some of these late season signings. Got a question about Ahmed Thompson, in terms of, you know, could he pick up any value with Shanggu and injured? You know, first of all, I'm looking at his basketball reference page. His middle name is x l n c, just 4 capital s. Oh, wow. I I never put that together. That's awesome. You knew this? I did know this. I thought you knew this. No. I should have known this. I feel bad that I didn't. You know, the the interesting thing with the man, you know, it's like he's he's usually listed as what? Shooting guard. Maybe you see him as a small forward. He's played almost 60% of his minutes at the 3 this year according to basketball reference, but about 15% of his minutes have come at the 4. You know, I don't think we see, like, an ultra small ball lineup where he's playing center, but there there could be some trickle down effect here. I yeah. I I I think, you know, for me, he's not like a priority pickup, but it is interesting. I will say I'm keeping you have to monitor it because they could go more Jabari Smith and then slide up Ahmed who look. He's, he's a really unique player. He's not really like Shangkun at all, but is he someone that could hang out at the top of the key, do some dribble handoffs, do some pick and roll as the passer or the playmaker? I think he could. And we know that he can. So I would not I would not be surprised if he started getting, like, 28 minutes a game as opposed to, like, 20 minutes a game. Keep an eye on it. And he's one of those guys regardless of role. It's like you just you just want the minutes. Right? Like, whenever he whenever he sees big minutes, he's gonna give you defensive stats more than anything. He rebounds at a ridiculous rate for a guy of his size. You know, both he and his brother are like that. You know, in games where he's played at least 27 minutes this year, he's averaging 10 rebounds. So it could be that simple. Right? Where it's it's not like, alright. He's gonna play center with Shangu now, but it's like you gotta replace 30 to 35 minutes in that rotation. And if even 5 to 7 of those go to Ahmed Thompson each night, I think that would be a huge help. So, yeah, he he gets a boost as well. We probably should have mentioned him earlier when we were talking about Jabari Smith. Manila's most wanted, says OG Aninobi. Are you still holding him? Knicks are taking this one day to day. You know, almost a week ago, they said he he was fully cleared for basketball activities. He played some 5 on 5 last week, did not play last night against the sixers. They're off tonight, then the Knicks play Tuesday against Philly, Thursday in Portland, Saturday in Sacramento. Barring some sort of setback, Alex, I would expect Anenobi to play in one of those games. I think so. I think if you've held them this long, don't drop him now because he's he's officially day to day now, and everything sounds like it's going well. So, yeah, hang on to him. You should play soon. Alright. We got a wizard's question. Corey Kispert or Bilal Kulabali for this 4 game stretch for Washington. So we will go back to the schedule here. Washington's off tonight. They're at Memphis, at Houston, at Chicago, and then home for Boston on Sunday. Not a great schedule. Not a disaster. I wouldn't call it a plus. Yeah. I blindly, I I would say Corey Kistberg. I've just I have not been a huge cool Volley guy. Even when the minutes have been there for him, it's just been a little underwhelming. You know, you're you're really pinning yourself to some defensive stat upside. Whereas I I think Kispert is gonna give you a higher floor night tonight. He has a little bit 3 point dependent. He had been in a a pretty huge slump prior to last night against Miami, when he had 5 threes, but I I would still lean Kispert. Kisford's minutes have been more inconsistent, but I I agree with Nick. I like his upside more. He's actually a decent rebounder and decent passer. Like, sometimes you'll get 0, sometimes you'll get 5, but he's at least throwing them in there. It's kinda the same thing with Kula Bali. So I would I would I would couch it the same way Nick said where it's if you need offense, go Kispert. If you need defense, go, go Kula Bali. Yeah. And he he follows up and says he'd be dropping Trey Mann to do this. I I think he kinda have to right now. This late in the year, I mean, he's missed 2 games. They they say he's unlikely to play tonight, so it'll almost certainly be 3. I mean, keep in mind that if, you know, when that happens, he becomes IR eligible, but I just I I don't know if you could play the the waiting game, the night to night game with with someone who's ultimately relatively low upside in man. And we're talking about the Charlotte Hornets. So when they say doubtful, that means out. And when they say questionable, that means doubtful. We saw this with Mark Williams. We've seen this with other guys. We saw this with LaMelo when they called him doubtful and then ruled him out for, like, a 2 months, like, the day after. So, yeah, it's, that's a fine move. Daniel asks, with Saddiq Bey out for the season, is Deandre Hunter a must own rest of season? This is in a 10 team, 9 cat league. Yeah. If you're just tuning in, Saddiq Bay, torn ACL done for the year, you know, will likely impact him at the beginning of next year as well. Yeah. And and the 10 team are, you know, it's a little more borderline, but I I think just just based on the the the sheer number of minutes that are going to be available, I think you gotta grab Deandre Hunter. Keep in mind that Jalen Johnson is likely back in the next few games. I I don't necessarily view him as, like, a shutdown candidate. I think when he's ready, he'll be back in there. So, you know, he'll be able to backfill a lot of what Bay has given up, but Sadik Bey was playing close to 40 minutes a lot of nights. And, you know, Jalen Johnson is not gonna grab all those. So, yeah. I mean, if it's a yes or no question, I would say yes. I want Deandre Hunter. I do too. Yeah. He sees, about 5% usage bump with Trae Young and and Sadik Bey off the court. That's enough combined with the minutes. And look. Yes. You're right. Daniel, he's only giving you points. Like, that's really what he's in there doing Yeah. From a fantasy perspective, but that's sometimes that's just what you need. Yeah. And threes, which are, of course, valuable. I mean, almost 2 and a half makes per game, over his last 15. Let's see. Another question here. More streaming dilemmas. Would you drop Andrew Wiggins for a indie Memphis or Sacramento player who has a Tuesday, Wednesday back to back waiver wire slim? So our question asker says he may be targeting Obi Toppin or Jake LaRavia. It's that time of year. Man, Ken, Jagan, and I talked a little LaRavia on the Friday pod. Do a little more self creation this year. You know, last year, all of every basket LaRavia made was assisted. This year, it's like basically half, so he's doing a lot more creation. Look. I don't trust anybody on Memphis as far as I can throw them. I think we've said that plenty of times just in terms of all the injuries, but he's been playing well. So and Toppin, yeah, Math runs out for the year. Toppin get a little more usage here or there, but I'm not I'm not really a Toppin guy. I just he's doing a lot of his work in transition. He's not really involved in the half court offense besides shooting some corner threes. I'd rather have LaRavia, and I'm I'm fine dropping Wiggins for LaRavia, to be honest. Yeah. I think with Memphis, I mean, things reached a a fever pitch last night because, I mean, they they were out all the all the usuals. Plus, Watanabe, you know, Brandon Clark is still yet to come back. Jordan Goodwin, John Konchar, Vince Williams, you know, guys who have mostly been available despite all these other injuries. So I I think LaRavia got a little bit more of a bumping. Normally, what I mean, he made his first career NBA start last night. Probably would have played more than 24 minutes had he not been in foul trouble. So that's something to keep an eye on. But, you know, Memphis, they're they're in that handful of teams where it's just night tonight. You have absolutely no idea who's gonna be available. Sometimes Jared Jackson plays. Other times, he doesn't. Sometimes, 5 guys are randomly out. Sometimes, they're not. So, you know, take it with a grain of salt. Be cautious. But, you know, for an upcoming back to back, I I don't think I mind it. Good question here on Micic. You know, Daniel says I've been patiently waiting. I'm the number one waiver wire priority all season. How high are you guys on? Rest of season, is it worth picking him up, and holding in case someone drops a true stud? Yeah. I, you know, I had to make the the kind of depressing decision to to go big on on Micic in a couple leagues over the weekend. I think if you think Trey Man's gonna continue to miss time, I'm I'm okay burning it on Beachy, you know, because you there's a pretty good chance you might hold on to that waiver priority and then just never use it. You know, I don't I don't know who would really be dropped where you would you would feel like it's a complete home run. You know, you could have somebody who just, like, rage quits your league and just drops all their guys, which I I have seen on on Twitter. So there is that possibility. But, then the commission maybe steps in. Yeah. I mean, if especially if you're in a deeper league, I know this is a 12 teamer. The waiver wire is a wasteland this time of year. And Yeah. I think if Trey man continues to miss time, I don't think we see LaMelo again. I mean, Mitchevich could could very easily be like, I don't know, you know, 13, 7, and 5 type of guy the rest of the way with some steals. Yeah. I mean, the the fact that he's 30 makes me, like, a little cautious, you know, with the way the with, you know, Charlotte's Charlotte's horrible. And so there's always the the shutdown risk. But like Nick said, Trey Mann, they list him as doubtful. That's not encouraging for the Hornets. So should you burn it? You know, Mitra just basically been giving you since he got to Charlotte, he's basically been giving you 10 and 5, 10 points, 5 assists. Recently, he's giving you 15 and 5. So I think you have to ask, what are the chances that someone comes up on the waiver wire who's giving you a pretty consistent, like, 10 to 15 points with 5 assists? Not that many guys come up, especially with the assist. So I would I would be fine burning that. Alright. We got a good non fantasy question from from Anilah Most Wanted. He says, what is your feedback for the Lakers being featured every ball game by the media? They are mediocre this season. Well, you know, I don't really mind it necessarily. You know, I I think we have to keep in mind what's, what's the priority for these national TV games, which is what I assume you're talking about. Lakers are a huge market. They have the biggest name player in the NBA. They have another huge star, Anthony Davis, who had a ridiculous game last night, by the way. And, yes, they may be mediocre, but they're also they also have something on the line here. Right? You know, it's not like we're talking about a team that's that season is over, and they're just playing out the string. You know, this isn't the the New York Giants or the Jets being featured on Monday night football every week. There's still to be, there's still some level of intrigue of, like, can the Lakers climb out of the play in zone? You know? Can they can they get to that succeed right now, which they're they're 2 games back after winning last night? I yeah. I don't have a big problem with it. I like watching the Lakers. Maybe I'm in the minority. You know, I'm a LeBron guy. But if you're not a LeBron guy, I could see why this would be very annoying. Yes. I mean, it's I think it was happening before LeBron got there. Like, any team that LeBron is on is gonna get this kind of media, but that gets also the Lakers. So maybe you should actually be happy that it's just one team getting all the attention rather than 2 teams getting Yes. Outlandish media attention. But, no, they they still would have gotten the attention or they still did get the attention when it was like the Lonzo Ball, Brandon Ingram, Julius Randle era, all that stuff. And they would have if they'd just still been bad. It just kinda is what it is, unfortunately. That's a great point because, yeah, the lakers are gonna be on no matter what. And it's it's like Aaron Rodgers going to the Jets. Like, the Jets are gonna get a couple of those big games anyway, and then then you you just pour gasoline on the fire by by throwing Rodgers on that roster. And that's really exactly what we've done, with LeBron. And the other thing is the Lakers play a lot of late games. Right? There's it's often you know, there's not when when you have, like, a 10 game slate, what usually, what, 6 or 7 games at least are in the early window. So just by virtue of being in the Pacific time zone, they're gonna play more of these late games, you know, on national television. And, you know, if if you're a network and you're saying, alright, should we put should we put the Lakers on or the Sacramento Kings or, you know, the the Houston Rockets or whoever it may be, I think that becomes a pretty easy decision. I I would love and there's a million reasons why they probably don't do this, but I I would love to for there to be kinda like these built in flex games where, you know, later in the season, especially, you know, you have the option of, like, alright. It could be a fan vote. It could be whatever. The teams with the best combined record, like, whatever that game is, that goes on national TV. Yeah. I agree. Okay. It also helps. You know, at least the Lakers are in, like, a good division. So the chances of you, like, seeing a good game are are very high. Yeah. Very, very true. I mean, last night, fun game despite Minnesota, you know, being down both Gobert and Karl Anthony Towns. You know, AD had been an Alzheimer's. Alright. I wanna talk about, you know, some other other late season risers, late season targets. You know, we we hit a ton of them, you know, via the questions here because, you know, so many of those were were great at at kind of hitting on players who are relevant right now. But, you know, Utah is a team that I kinda wanted to go back to because I I am worried about the market and shutdown given what they did over the weekend. You know, Taylor Hendrix, like you said, we haven't really had much in terms of updates. It's it's just a a really, really troubling situation because there there are very few obvious fill ins here. Right? I mean, Keontae George had kind of already been getting the minutes. We've seen more out of Sexton lately. You know, Collins and Clarkson are 2 guys that you would think would be shutdown candidates, and yet they continue to play big minutes. But, I mean, have you in deeper leagues, have you, like, you know, shown any interest in, like, the price Sensabaugh's of the world? Yeah. I, very, very good question. I look. I've tried to avoid, like, thinking about it too much, but you'd have to. It's I I think Sensipa, you know, Sensipa has played 30 minutes of back to back games and has been pretty involved. So that's something to take a look at. You know, you always think like, is is Talen Horton Tucker coming back? You never know how much are they really gonna play David Roddy. I just don't think any of these guys are going to be fantasy difference makers. Let's put it that way. Like, if Utah comes up on a 4 game week, I think a lot of these guys are gonna be viable streaming options. Like, especially if you're 16 team league and you just need to stream guys in and everybody's fighting over a bunch of people and you do put in, like, 8 waiver claims just to make sure you get a guy. There's a good chance you're gonna have, like, 1 or 2 jazz guys on that list, but I don't know if anybody's gonna be the difference maker. Yeah. I'm just I'm I'm looking at some guys who, you know, if you isolate the last 2 weeks, you know, I've really made big jumps. You know, this guy's owned, I would think, in just about any league, but Naus Reid, I think deserves a little pop here. You know, made his his first start of the season last night, 25 points, 5 boards, 3 assists, 4 blocks. He's got 12 made threes over the last 2 games. So if if you are playing in, like, a 10 teamer and he's not out there, I don't think Gobert's injury is long term, but, obviously, they're gonna be without Cat for a while. So, yeah, anything you could do if if Nazareta is wasting away on a bad team, you know, maybe throw an offer out there and try to grab him because I I think he's I think he's gonna be really valuable, the rest of the season. And, you know, maybe they're a little bit careful with Gobert. I I don't know how much, you know, getting the the one seed in the west really matters to Minnesota as opposed to being as healthy as they can be. Yeah. I would also look into Kyle Anderson who there's a there's a better chance Kyle Anderson is not roster in your league. Look. Don't expect anything crazy, but he's he has you know, he can give you 8, 5, and 5 here and there, and get you some steals and blocks. Nikhil Alexander Walker, someone who he filled in, I think, last night, with, Kyle Anders or Kyle Anderson missing time, played 39 minutes. If they decide to try to preserve Conley a little bit here and there, Deke Alexander Walker's guy could benefit. And then they signed TJ Warren, and he played 23 minutes the other night, but I'm just, I'm not ready to even talk about that, to be honest. Yeah. That that's gonna take weeks, I think, of of preparation to to prepare us to talk about TJ Warren. Daniel says enough about us. How are you guys feeling about your fantasy matchups this week? Thank you for the thoughtful answers, and good luck, Nick and Alex. Thank you, Daniel. Appreciate that. Well, I lost Shangoon in my 2 most important leagues, so I'm not not feeling great. Yeah. No. You know, I I am getting Devin Booker back in one of those, so that that'll be nice. Still holding Julius Randle in an IL spot. So once once we get him back in the mix, I'll be feeling be feeling okay. I've been able to tread water, but, I mean, Changu is gonna be a a massive, massive loss. I I am going up against somebody who hasn't beat, though. So I'm I'm feeling okay about that one. But what about you? Yeah. The stake league, just kind of a slog all season. Miss Simons at the start of the year. It's a Rota League, so it's not it's not, you know, it's not a it's not a playoff situation. Yeah. OG Yaganobi was big for me. Obviously, got hurt. Spencer Dinwiddie was in and out for me. That got destroyed. Daniel Gaffer was big for me. That got destroyed. So that's pretty rough. And then the keeper league, I just pulled the plug, so looking towards next season. And then NFBKC just didn't go that well in general. Not a disaster. Just, just not going to cash this year. Yeah. I'm I'm still trying to push in NFB KC. I, you know, having LaMelo is just, you know, put it right, really put a ceiling on what my team could be. And, you know, in a league like that, you're just you're never going to find somebody who's like, oh, great. I'll just, you know, drop the bellow and be just fine. Like, there's just nobody that was going to replicate what he gives me. And the way I built my team was, you know, factoring in that he probably plays. You know, I was prepared for him to miss time, wasn't prepared for him to play like 22 games on the year. Pretty tough to win any league when when when your 13th overall pick or whatever it was. Is it giving you much? But, yeah, state league, I think I'm I think I'm gonna have to wave the white flag there. I think had Shingo stayed healthy, it would have been really interesting down the stretch. But I also have Barkkanen in that league, and the way things are trending with him, you know, like, I I would I would need Barkkanen to play like himself and play at least 90% of the games the rest of the way to to really have a chance. So even even after losing Shangoen, you know, I I don't, you know, I I didn't feel like all that great about my chances to to charge up the standings, you know, with I think I took market in and well, that was that was an auction lead. But I marketing, I believe, was my 2nd highest price buy behind Damian Lillard, which which is tough because Lillard started to play well now. It's like I was not feeling great about that for the first half of the season. And all of a sudden now I'm getting, you know, like basically end of round 1 value out of Lillard. And as that's happening, we lose Shangoon and marketing, you know, kind of starts backing his way out. I will say we don't we don't really talk about the the article that much on this, on this show. But if your fancy leagues are not going well, you need some, you know, we we pump out a lot of DFS articles that you can check out on the on the RotoWare website. We also write a best bets article that you can find on the sports betting section of the Rotowire website. Well, we throw it into the fantasy basketball, front page when there's enough room. And so, yeah, if it you you know, maybe you don't have legal betting in your area, but, price picks, underdog, stuff like that. So we I don't think we have talked about the article the entire season on the on the podcast. We do that. So give that a look if your fancy teams are are done and you still wanna have some investment in NBA basketball. Oh, yeah. We're, we're big in the streets, when it comes to to prize picks and underdog here in Wisconsin. And you could check out our guy, Brandon Kravitz, who does the pop with us on Wednesdays. You know, he's putting out great picks each week. I think he hit 3 in a row to end the week last week. You can find those on the rotor wire Twitter account, rotor wire NBA as well. And if you haven't checked out rotor wire.com/picks, highly, highly advise you look at that. That's great, great advice for prize picks, underdogs, sportsbooks, just odds comparisons, you know, kind of pushes you toward. Alright. What might be the best plays? What are the plays I should stay away from? Really, really good stuff over at rotorwire.com/picks. Alright, man. I think that'll wrap it up. We're we're at that point in the season where, you know, we would we run through injury news. We take questions on to land O'Bannon, and that's that's about it. But in the coming weeks, you know, we'll do some more concept episodes. We will, you know, talk about, you know, what is the first 40 or so picks of next year's 2024, 25 Fantasy Drafts look like? Who are some guys that we're in on? Who are some guys when we're out on? But make sure to check that out. We'll keep running these, you know, through the regular season and into the playoffs as well. We'll have doctor Ray back on the pod tomorrow. I will be with Brandon on Wednesday. Steve and doctor Ray on Thursday, and then waiver wire keeps churning, Alex. You'll be back on Friday with Ken and Shannon.