Hey, everybody. Welcome to the award winning RotoWire Fantasy Basketball podcast. It's Thursday, March 28th. I'm doc. That's Rick Kamma. Got a lot to talk about. Let's get right to it. This is a weird week schedule wise. And Rishawn, Rishawn Holmes, the savior the savior no more. Yes. Yes. Yes. It is the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast with FSWA Hall of Famer, Steve Alexander, aka doctor a. I am Rick Kamla, aka the fantasy freak. And ladies and gentlemen, doc, let let's start the show with Rashaun Holmes. We'll get to the waiver wire here in a second. I had several crucial decisions yesterday that involved Rashaun Holmes. Okay? I started him in the CAM dynasty, and I don't even wanna tell you the people that I started him over. Okay? And that did not go well at all for me. In another league, I had, 2 pickups left. Okay? And, Nurkic with the injury, so I had to make a move there. Right? Should have gone with Kelly Olynyk, but he had won fewer game games the rest of the week than Rashaun Holmes. So I picked up Rashaun Holmes. Okay? Reshawn Holmes drilled me in 2 leagues last night. And, doc, he was by far the most picked up dude in fantasy basketball yesterday. I saw at Yahoo, he was at, like, 10,000 ads, and the next closest guy was at, like, I don't know, 3, 4, 5000, whatever that number was. So Rishon Holes was doing it and, like, captivating the fantasy world, and then he dropped us off a cliff last night, doc. Well, he's been hurt for a while, and he somehow has been playing through it. It's a toe injury. We saw that slowdown Brandon Ingram. We've seen it slow down players. I mean, if if I had a broken toe or a or a really hurt toe, I don't think I would be able to run very far. The only thing I've got going for me is I'm I'm up so I've got Reshaun Holmes in my 30 team league, Rick. And it was funny yesterday, Bessebers and I got together and did a podcast. We were comparing our teams and talking about the draft. And I went back, and I was like, I don't even know where Reshaun Holmes came from to be on my 30 deep team, but I had him, in there for the last 2 weeks. And Joe Kiser at ESPN, former 30 deep winner, who I rolled last week, was telling me, he's like, dude, you gotta name a dog or a kid or something after Reshaun Holmes because he just rolled me this week. Well, I went back and looked at it. How how many moves do you think you've made in 30 deep? I I'm gonna say, like, over 20 I mean, I'm I'm always one of the most active guys, but I I'll I sucked on the waiver wire in 30 deep this year. I I just There there is no waiver wire. There is none. You can't pick there's nobody to pick up. I mean, Delano Banton was scooped up. I mean, Rashaun there there were guys scooped up, and I was on them and, like, here here's my thing with 30 deep, doc. Like like, you need to you need to stash guys and let them germinate. And I get a little bit too itchy, and I want somebody who's in a rotation, and you just need to kinda squat on some guys. And so, that anyway, I I screwed up the I hated my season 30 deep. I mean, hated it. Listen to this. I made one until I made the final 4. I made one move in 30 deep. It was November 23rd. What? One move? One move. I picked up god. Maybe that's the formula. I picked up Rashaun Holmes, and I dropped Joe, the 3 point shooter for the Nets. Joe Harris. Joe Harris. I dropped Joe Harris, picked up Rashaun Holmes in on November 23rd. The only move I made and I I I drafted Peyton Pritchard, and Peyton Pritchard is now the man. Right? And I drafted Kobe White at, like, 129. I drafted Cam Thomas, like, 180 something. It was just a perfect it was a perfect storm. And even with Rashaun going down last time, still up, like, 25 boards. And I've got Wimby. So my big men are Wimby and Rashaun Holmes, and my little guys are Kobe White, De'Aaron Fox, Peyton Pritchard, and Cam Thomas. And then I've got Austin Reeves and Zach Collins holding it down in the middle of that lineup. Like, that team's unbeatable if it's healthy, but we can move on. Let's let's carry on. Rashaun Holmes let everybody down. He let, over a 1000000 Fantasy Basketball managers down yesterday, probably. Wow. Those are big numbers right there. Doc doc, I hope you win 30 deep. I'm definitely pulling for you. I never thought for one second after the draft that my 30 deep team was gonna win the chip this year. I missed out on Holmgren by one pick. I took, Josh Green over Tim Hardaway junior, and that was it. And, and I knew that this was not gonna be a banner year. Again, a miracle I made the final four. Absolute miracle. Alright. So I I want to, dive deeply into the waiver wire here, and this is for, the head to head, people out here. Right? And you're either in a quarterfinal game or you're in a semifinal game. So we have 2 very weird nights here. Tonight, we have 2 games. Saturday night, we have 3 games. Okay? So the key is, tonight, it's Boston at Atlanta, Milwaukee at New Orleans. Saturday, Boston at New Orleans, Milwaukee at Atlanta. Okay? And then you have a Memphis Orlando game that is kinda out on an island, and don't worry about that right now. Because we have 5 games over these 2 awkward nights because of the NCAA tournament. You have 4 teams playing on these 2 nights. So these are the guys you need to pick up for tonight, and then they will stay, and don't drop them. Keep them, and they will be in your team on Saturday as well. And, doc, here are the premium guys, and they're not really premium, but you understand what I'm saying. Sam Houser of Boston is the get right now. To me, there's no question about that. I would put Najee Marshall at number 2. I would put Vic Creeche of the pardon me. I would put, Bruno Fernando at number 3. I would put Vic Creeche at number 4. He's starting. Doesn't score a lot, but he gives you some goodies. And then you got so so I would rank it Hauser and then Najee and then Fernando and then Creeci. Those to me are, like, the standout guys that you want. Okay. Now let's downshift into a, a Jay Crowder, a Garrison Matthews, a Pat Connaughton, a Larry Nance. We gotta look at Jose Alvarado because he got banged up in the last game, and I don't know if he'll play tonight. But if he does, and I presume he will because he's a tough guy, he's gonna give you a steal. He's going to give you maybe 2 threes, maybe 7, 8 points, maybe 3, 4 assists. And you're like, god bless. Yes. This is the playoffs, dude. And if you accumulate this game after game after game through your week, it's not about the 7 points and the 4 assists and the 13 and the 1 steal tonight. It's when you add that on to what you did off the waiver wire on Tuesday and having Jose in your lineup on Saturday, it accumulates. And, doc, I really think it makes the difference between winning and losing because my games right now, the margins are so thin. These are the best of the best going for these Fantasy Chips. You need guys like I just said. So what are your thoughts on some of these guys, man? Well, I'm sitting here like this reminds me of vintage, 2003 or 2002, in the attic. The fantasy attic at 1 o'clock in the morning watching Cam on on a NBA TV, like, digging through the deep names and giving, like, hardcore, like, really useful fantasy information. Because you're right, dude. I got beat in my rock and roll league last week because I did not plan ahead well enough. I was playing the best of the best, and dude had me 9 games to 4 games on Sunday. I went into Sunday with a 72 lead, and I lost, like, 6 to 3 because the guys he had, not only did he have numbers, but they all went crazy. That was the day that freaking Chris Middleton got a triple double. Zion Williamson went absolutely ballistic that day. Like, everything he touched turned to gold, and I had a bunch of stuff that I touched turned to you know what, and I lost. And and had had it had I planned ahead better for Sunday games, maybe maybe I would've maybe I would've beat him. But yeah, I mean, I I think that's great advice. You know, I'm just looking at my 30 team here. The only guy I've got going on Thursday Saturday is Peyton Pritchard of Boston, but I'll take it because Drew Holiday is probably not gonna play, and and Peyton's gonna have 2 good games. But it depends on how many guys, Vesper has going. But, yeah, I mean, I think it's incredible advice, and I I like the the list and the order of the guys you gave. Oh, thank you. As well you might as well list those again real quick for the people that, were sleeping through it the first time. So, and again, guys, this is a 2 night engagement. This is not a 1 night stand. Okay? This is going to be a 1 night stand that was so damn good that you wanna go back and do it again. Call it a booty call if you want. Okay? But it's a Thursday Saturday night joint. Alright? And the guys, it's 4 teams. It's Boston. It's Atlanta. It's Milwaukee. It's New Orleans. These 4 teams play on Thursday Saturday. And, again, here's the order. Sam Houser is number 1. Number 2 is, I'm gonna say Bruno Fernando is number 2. Najee Marshall, number 3. Vic Creachy, number 4. And then you go kinda out in the weeds a little bit, and, I prefer, like, a Connington or a Crowder, a Garrison Matthews, from Atlanta. Maybe then I would go back to Larry Nance. Again, Jose would be a little higher on this list, but he's got the injury. That's Jose Alvarado. Luke Cornette lingers in here somewhere too if he's on your waiver wire, and you you know, he's gonna get 10 minutes, 18 minutes. He kinda the minutes are weird, but he's a guy as well. So just overall, you guys rank him. Cornett, Hauser, Fernando, Garrison Matthews. I see Math, and I think Ben Matherin, Vic Creachy, Pat Connaughton, Jay Crowder, AJ Green in super super deep deep leagues. Larry Ange junior, Jose Alvarado, and Najee Marshall. Let me give you one more. Super super deep. Okay? And, again, this is if you're in a 20 team league or a 30 team league or a 16 team league. His name is Dylan Windler. He's a 3 point shooter. He's been on, like, 15 teams. He's with the Hawks right now playing, like, 10 to 15 minutes a game. Again, I picked him up. I'm in some leagues that are literally that deep, and so that's another guy, for you right there. There's other guys out there too, like, Malik Beasley may be sitting out there in a league. So Rick's talking deep stuff. Deep. Malik Beasley is available in a lot of leagues. Like, you would pick him up. Bobby Portis? Peyton Pritchard might be all around in a lot of leagues right now. Peyton Pritchard could be sitting out there. That's a yeah. So don't just automatically take that order. You you gotta look at who's available. But The 4 teams. Again, like, just serve your waiver wire for the for these 4 teams. Boston, Atlanta, Milwaukee, New Orleans, anybody else from any but from any other team, you're not picking them up today. Okay? And the other nice thing the nice thing about this is too, you don't need to really worry about Friday Sunday because it's so stacked. Everybody's playing. That that thank you for the cherry on top, doc. That's a great piece of advice. You're not worried about Friday Sunday. Every league I'm in, I got dudes, and I got, like, 3 guys that aren't even in the starting lineup because I already kinda hit, you know, in the Yahoo leagues. I love this feature. I love it. Where you, push, the button for the rest of the week? You well, yeah. For the rest of the week, you push the button for that night. It slots it. You can reorganize if you want, but then you do the rest of the week. You just go, boom, boom, boom, boom, and it sets all your lineups for the rest of the week. It's dope. It's such a cool feature. And then you do have to watch that because sometimes it'll put, my guy Anthony Edwards on my bench for the rest of the week. He's like, what are you doing? But I Pazinski's in there. I'm gonna I'm gonna I think I'll play Anthony Edwards instead. Exactly. I'm not saying you have to go by what they do, but here here's why that feature's so cool. I'm in a couple of points leagues, and I hate points leagues, but I'm in them. You know, what the hell? I but I don't like points leagues. Okay? I like head to head category leagues. But I'm in a couple of points leagues. Right? So that feature's big for points leagues because then you push, you know, lineups the rest of the week, and you can see, like, what the projection is for you against the other guy or girl and, and kinda, like, know if you're ahead, or behind the game a little bit. Alright, doc. Let's get into, where do I wanna start here with you? It is the Rodowire Fantasy Basketball podcast, by the way. Rick Kamla and FSWA Hall of Famer, Steve Alexander. Let let's start with, this right here, doc, and it's a a humdrum game. It was Minnesota's, comfy and very boring victory over Detroit, and frankly, I have 3 TVs on one wall. I did not watch a minute of this game because there were a 1,000,000 games last night. Here's the point, though, doc. I was very worried about Kate Cunningham. He missed 2 games, recently. He was the late scratch, missed the second of that back to back, and I'm like, is Detroit shutting down Cade Cunningham? What are we doing here? Durham was out at that time. All the study and Jade Jade and Ivy did not play last night. And so Cade came back last night, and this is a colossal piece of news for me and a lot of you. He had 32 last night against the best defense in the NBA. So I am totally geeked about that, and I do understand, doc, that we're maybe going to have a rocky road here with some DMPs and stuff like that, but he's not shut down. Hallafrickin' lujah. Jalen Duran last night, 11 and 11, he's not shut down. So Detroit played their hand last night, doc. That was the pivot point for me. Are you doing the shutdown thing, the start 5 rookie Portland thing, or are you still gonna play your healthy guys? Critical that Detroit played their hand last night, and we've got about two and a half weeks left in the regular season. I don't think they're gonna shut these guys down, doc. Yeah. I don't know if you saw, but LaMelo Ball was officially shut down for the season, right before we came came on the air today. I wrote in the my notes for this show today that do I I asked a question, and my question being related to Kate Cunningham and Jalen Duran, and the fact that What's His Face is still playing Desmond Bane is playing for Memphis right now. Jaren Jackson junior still playing for Memphis right now. And my question is, does this change the future of our podcasting, Fantasy Hoops, and NBA Basketball? Because if these guys are not gonna be shut down, these 4 guys we just mentioned, then who is gonna be shut down? We have no way of knowing. So I think we need to be a little more a little more careful about screaming from the rafters that Darren Jackson Junior is so high. Get rid of him. It's panic time. He's gonna get shut down. The the players have a different mentality now, and it's all related to Adam Silver's rules, I think. And I don't think we can just say guys are automatically gonna be shut down anymore. We can't, but there still are shit. Portland's doing the shutdown thing right now. So the speculation about Jeremy Grant and Deandre Ayton and Anthony Simons, that was all accurate. Okay? And we're coming out of an era of the NBA where load management was obviously at a critical mass level, and and the NBA did something about it. Like Doc said, they created a player participation policy, which means you gotta play 65 games to qualify for awards. Dang. All of the star players are playing way more games this year. It is it's like absolute home run grand slam home run by the league. Joe Dumars also said and this was more of a memo to the teams than the players. We're an 82 game league. Alright? You need to start thinking about it that way. And guess what? They have, because Memphis is looking at it like an 82 game schedule. Bane is healthy, you play him. Jaren Jackson junior is healthy, you play him. Brandon Clark is back from his Achilles injury last night, made his return against the Lakers 6 and 5 in 21 minutes. You play him. Okay? So and there are some teams who are not with that. Portland comes to mind here, but last year, we had 7, 8, 9 shutdown teams. 7, 8, 9. Okay? This year, we've got 1 or 2. I'm still not sure where we're going with this Utah thing, doc. Okay? I'm I'm I'm I'm smelling stuff down. Lori Markkanen keeps showing up for work. I know. Weird. Until until he doesn't. How's Jordan Clarkson doing? When's the last time he played? I It's a minimum. I don't know what Utah is doing. They're not shutting down right now. They're not. They're not starting Walker Kessler, and that makes me wanna literally have a very tough conversation with Will Hardy with a 6 foot 5, £330, bouncer right next to me. Look. What are you doing? How does he not start Walker Kessler, dude? Does that make any damn sense to you on any planet? Free Walker Kessler. Get this guy on a team that appreciates him, man. My god. This is a total long year for Walker Kessler, managers. It has not been pleasant. I can't even say, hey. In the dynasty league, go sell go go, buy low with him. I don't really want him right now either. Will Hardy. You know, I I don't wanna say it any more than that. Hey, Rick. Rick. I I got a side note here. It was probably gonna make people That felt good. Dude, the rant the Rick rants are on point today. So, Kieran, stretcher at rotor wire. He he went to he played high school basketball with Sam Houser. First of all, nice and he and he and I have been doing our the Tuesday show together and Marcus Sasser is the guy that was kinda getting hot when Kate Cunningham was out. And I called him Mackie Sasser. Uh-huh. Do you do you know who Mackie Sasser is? Of course. He was a catcher back in the day. Of course, I know who he is. Absolutely. Mackie Mackie the hacker. Mackie Sasser with the Mets. Mackie the hacker, they call him. So I'm calling this dude Mackie Sasser, and I thought that that was appropriate since today is, opening day in baseball. And that's probably what you and I are doing as soon as we're done here is turning on some baseball games. I may have to, I hold on a second. I gotta see what I have not set my lineups today for I I've been working. What do we got here? When's the first Are you setting baseball lineups right now? No. No. No. I just I I got I'm actually on espn.com looking wait. The first game today is not until 305? Oh, I thought there was a noon. I what? I thought there was a noon game. No? I'm on it right now. Hold on. Let me look at, is that the right day? Yeah. 305 is the first game, which is weird. Am I in the twilight zone? What what that it feel they've always started at noon, for opening game here. I don't know. I'm a That does not sound right to me. Thursday, March 18th, and, the first game is at 3 o'clock, doc. It's March 28th. What is going on here? No. I I got it right. I I got it right. The the first game today is at 3 o'clock. Yeah. Angels and Orioles. Alright. For who cares? It's Rick Campbell. It is Steve Alexander. We are the rotor wire Fantasy Basketball podcast. These were our problems, not theirs. Alright. Where the hell were we? Oh, a huge sigh of relief with Rudy Gobert last night as well. 11 and 14 with 2 blocks. He's got the the sternum thing, the rib thing that's been bugging him. So that was good to see. Hey. Let's talk about, Houston and Oklahoma City last night. A a gosh bleeping barn burner, doc. What a freaking game that was, man, the shot making. Jalen Green's sword again. You wanna talk about league winner? Jalen Green is league winner right now. Oh, my god. 37, 10, and 7. 37, 10, and 7. He had a Luca line last night with 73 balls, and he was super clutch in overtime. So no SGA last night. Right? Guys, don't worry. He's got a thigh thing. It's not like a patella or anything like that. It's a thigh bruce. He needed a night off. It was the second of a back to back. J Dub, did more, 23, 5, and 10, but this was the Josh Giddey story. Like, Josh Giddey showed us that he's still a good player, man. He made a shot from his ass last night. He made a behind the back move, fell down, scrambled to get the ball, and so we wouldn't travel. Just threw it up from, like, 8 feet out sitting in the lane, and it went in. He had 31, 7, and 4. 1 block, 1 steal. And, doc, you remember the conversations we had about Giddey at the beginning of the year? It was like, oh my god. Are we cutting him and sending him to waivers? What are we doing here? So I found that to be a very interesting game last night. Isaiah Joe popped off the bench, with SGA out last night. Talk to me about that one and what you saw from a fantasy perspective. Well, Josh Giddey getting 20 shots up is is what it's all about because he's he's he's not a very good shooter, and he's not really that great of a score normally. Jalen took 3 more shots, but that's what's gonna happen when SGA is out of the way. And out of the lineup, like, Giddey's gonna have to play point guard and scoring point guard. And, man, he he was awesome. And, your Jalen Green take like, Jalen Green well, we were down on him at the beginning of the year too because he wasn't doing that much, but he has taken off over the last 2 months, and he is winning people fantasy basketball leagues. I love to see it. I love the fact that Houston Houston's trying to track down the Golden State Warriors and knock them out of the playoffs. Correct? And did they do it? Are are they there? Are they tied? I haven't looked at the standings today. Last I checked, they were last I checked, doc, they were a game back, and and, Golden State, yeah, it's a one game separating them. So here's the lay of the land with that. Golden State won't have Also, Rick, you should be mad at Chet Holmgren more than you should be mad at Reshawn Holmes. Reshawn Holmes got hurt. Chet Holmgren fouled out in 18 minutes and scored 2 points. In the midst of fantasy playoffs when people need him most, that is a choke job. That is not an injury, and that is that is Chet letting his people down. I agree with all of that, but guess what? He was probably really good in the previous games. He's gonna be really good over the weekend, and Rashaun Holmes gave us 3 rebounds. 3. That's all he gave us. Not one block. He didn't even hit a field goal. He gave us 3 rebounds last night. Yeah. I mean, A bit of victory. He played 12 minutes. He played the whole first half. Just saying. We can break down You're dead to me, Rashad Holmes. You're dead to me. Oh, break down the Houston, let's break down the Houston and Golden State race because it's awesome. Just just quickly. It is awesome. The the Houston Rockets have won 10 games in a row. 10. I this is this might be the longest winning streak of the entire year by any team. Okay? There haven't really been a lot of, oh my god, winning streaks this year. There haven't. They're one game behind Golden State. Okay? And here's what's fun. Golden State won the head to head tiebreaker. 2 nothing is the series lead. They play one more time next Thursday in Houston. So Houston can't Houston can't win the tiebreaker, but, obviously, they still have one more game to mess around with. I like the way the Rockets are playing more than the way the Warriors are playing right now. It's in Houston where they are, doc. Are you sitting down? 26 and 11. They're a fantastic home team. Houston's problem, doc, because they're so young and stuff. They they suck on the road. They're 11 and 24 on the road, but they won last night at Oklahoma City. Yes. They took advantage of SGA being out, but I give them full credit. But that that that's what I'm that's what I'm geeked about in basketball right now. It's it's Golden State and Houston, dude, because the way the top of the West doc, I don't damn know. The top 3 Denver, OKC, and Minnesota, you spin a bottle. 1 of them will be 12 and 3. And then you got that whole Clippers, Pelicans, Mavericks, Suns, Kings, cluster. That's fun. Right? But they're all gonna be in there somewhere. No. 1 of these teams is going home, the Warriors or the Rockets. What if the Warriors did not make the play in tournament, doc? What if? Well and and, you know, they talk about karma a lot in this world that we live in, and Draymond Green is out there doing more Draymond Green crap every night. It's creeping back in. You know? He took somebody down by the by the neck yesterday. He's he's punching people the day be you know, the week before. And just What are you what are you talking about? What what what are these incidents, Don? What are you talking about? He punched somebody? What what are you talking about? Well, remember he went after Gobert the other day, and he started a whole brawl and not really a brawl, but the coaches are falling down. You you know what I'm talking about. This it's it's just more What game was that? Draymond Green crap. Was that was that a mess in the game? Was that what you're gonna make? Taylor Jenkins fell down. That was that whole thing. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And I might yeah. Get him out of there. And that's when he pushed, he grabs Santi Aldama's collar at the other end and pulled it. Oh, that's right. And it's empty came down. He said he was pushing him and but anyway, Draymond Green is doing more crap and I think he pulled somebody down and, everybody's everybody wants Houston to catch them, I think. And how fun would it be? It would make Houston's year if they knocked the warriors out of playoffs. And and you know that's why they won 10 a row. Like, they are like, let's finish this. We don't have Alpi Shingon. We don't need him. Let's go get him. Well, Jalen Green is saying, I'm still the guy on this team. Y'all think that Alpi Shingon and Alpi Shingon is the guy on that team. This explosion for Jalen has not been a coincidence. It has literally happened since Alpi left the lineup, but it's cool to see. I wanna shout out a couple of guys from the Lakers and, Memphis game last night, doc. We mentioned Brandon Clark. Not that you should be hot on picking him up, but the return of Brandon Clark is a good sign because Memphis isn't shutting their guys down. Also, he's gonna eat into, Santi Aldama and Gigi Jackson a little bit, so just be aware of that. Brandon Clark's playing time is going to rise. He's going to Pac Man those guys a little bit. And if Vince Williams can get back in the lineup, then it it's gonna be very different. I think Gigi I think Gigi still Gigi is still gonna get tons of minutes, though, because it just they have no reason to not play the guy 35 a night. Yeah. I disagree with that. I don't I don't think he's gonna be playing 35 a night with Brandon Clark back. I think it's gonna be more in the twenties. I'm not saying drop him. I'm just saying be aware that that there may be a little bit of a haircut. So me and Doc look at that one a little bit differently. Jake LaRavia. Alright? He's a guy that with Brandon Clark coming back, you know, and then so last night, with Clark's return, LaRavia is like, oh my god. My minutes are in jeopardy here, and he popped. Best game of his life, 25 points, 7 3 balls, made 7 of 9. And I love LaRavia's performance because the Lakers were on the verge of a blow up. LaRavia started popping threes, and it brought all of the Lakers starters back into the game for the Q4. So Jake LaRavia, thank you, because LeBron did a whole bunch of stuff in the Q4 after he came back out, ended up with a triple double in the game. LaRavia on waivers, like, maybe, but the return of Brandon Clark to me is, is going to be in his way. And then, Doc, a shout out to Rui Hashimura. I got some stats for you on Rui Hoch, as I like to call him. He went 32 and 10 last night with 7 bombs. Okay? And that was against me. It was so frustrating watching him. I'm just like, Rui, you are killing me. Not softly. You are killing me harshly right now. Over the last month, doc, 17 17 points a game, 5 rebounds, 1.7 threes. He's not good with the, with the blocks and the steals. We get it at this point. Check out let's go to reality for a minute. Check out the Lakers with Rui Hadjamura this year, doc. As it turns out, he is the whole key to their puzzle. Alright? He has started 30 games this year. They're 20 and 10. They're playing 667 ball with Rui Hadj in their starting 5. That would be 4th in the west, doc, over the whole season. 4th in the west. It's There It's really simple math. If if AD or LeBron are not playing, you want Rui Hachimura in your lineup. That's it. Simple math. He's right about that. It so they put him in the starting lineup 23 games ago. They're 16 and 7 in those 23 games. I'm just saying, man, people, you wanna shovel dirt on the Lakers, you and I'm not a Laker fan, but you wanna shovel dirt on the Lakers. They're done. They're kaput. They're washed. They're not gonna do anything in the playoffs. I am telling you to eat those words right now before you say something dumb because they're one of the best clutch teams in the NBA, and and they've got Reeves and Russell and Ruhi and Davis and Braun. And now you got Dinwiddie off the bench. They got firepower, man, and they've got experience, and they've got, obviously, LeBron and Davis, the probably the most accomplished duo in the NBA. Not the best duo, although they're close. I'm just saying, don't don't rule out the Lakers here. Alright, doc. Hit me with a couple of your vibes from last night, man. Take take me into some of this stuff. I'm gonna I'm gonna throw some Austin Reeves while we're dealing with the Lakers right now. The last time he scored in single digits was a 9 point game on February 5th. His last 3 games, 11 assists, 10 assists, 8 assists. Hit his ball in. Like, we were like, people were down on Austin Reeves. Like, where's the Austin Reeves that I drafted? He's right here. He's been here since early February. Baller. He's been awesome. Where is my list of stuff that I had to talk about? Let's let's see if we can find it. Delano Banton. How much do I love this kid? The, the silly season How do you count the ways? Do you have Banton in 30 do you have Banton in 30 deep, by the way? I do not. I do not. I only made one of them. I had them and then I dropped him, doc. I had him and I tried. No. No. No. No. Are you serious? Yeah. I dropped him when he sucked. Like, he he played, and then Chauncey Billups, like, yeah. Nah. And he yo yoed him back deep in the rotation. And like I said, I need I needed to squat on guys, and I didn't. I I you know, oh, this guy's in the rotation now. And I would go to the, like, lily pad hopping, which is a very good formula in a lot of leagues. But I found that not to be a good formula in 30 deep this year. Well, Delano Banton had 31 points last night. He's been money for 2 months. I'm calling him the fantasy silly season hero. Like, he he might be the the silly season MVP because he's been balling for he's been doing it for almost 2 months. He's got some up ups and downs in there, but he he's been incredible. My guy, Cam Thomas, last night, 38 points. Nice stat line. He's back. He's playing. I need him to play for my 30 team league. And, Rick, is Jordan Poole gonna go out with a bang or a whimper? He had 38 last night. Are are is Jordan Poole gonna finally start playing like we thought he was going to on opening night? Let me, let let me go into, Jordan Poole. I do not roster him in any of my leagues and, I mean, obvious pretty obviously. So, let me look at Jordan Poole right here. Yeah. He has but, god, come on, basketball ref. Work with me here. Let's see here. I don't know, doc. I'm still seeing a mixed bag here. He popped last night against Brooklyn. Brooklyn sucks. He had 23 the game before at Chicago. That was a win, by the way. That yeah. That that was that one caught my eye. I watched that game. He had a double double the game before with 18 and 12, but then the 2 games before that were Jordan Poole games. He had 14 with not a lot, and he had 13 with not a lot. I I think he's on a mini heater here, doc, to be honest with you, and he did not shoot plus 50% in the previous two games where the raw stats were good. So we had a pop game against a bad team, and it went to overtime. He played 45 minutes, which is a major uptick in time for him. Now I I I think I think the next game, he might have 7 points on 2 of 20. So I'm not feeling, you know, a late season surge here, doc. Although I will say this, like, if he's going to have a surge, it would be now because now the pressure is off, doc. You know what I'm saying? It's silly season. Nobody's watching. You can just go out there and ball, a little bit. But the with, me and Antonio Daniels on NBA radio yesterday talked about players who have turned us off this season, and I I got 3 for you, doc. First of all, Joel Embiid for not playing against Jokic in Denver for 5 straight years. I am out on Joel Embiid. I am no longer a nurturer, an apologist, a supporter. I'm out. You do you, Joel. I'm gonna stand over here now. LaMelo Ball, who you mentioned the shutdown, I mean, I'm out. I'm out. Like, the guy is a myth. Okay? Him and his bro, Lonzo, are myths. The Ball family is a myth. Okay? When are you ever going to play, dude? And then, Jordan Poole, doc, I said infamously and incredulously on NBA radio last year, to the chagrin and the heavy criticism and pushback from Antonio Daniels, that Jordan Poole in the right scenario, bad team, 1st or second option, green light, will average 25 points a game. That did not go well for me, doctor a. That did not go well for me at all. Because guess what? He got traded to the exact spot that I said he needed to go to. Bad team, 1st or second option, 25 a game. And what is Jordan Poole averaging this year, doc, in that exact scenario? I'm gonna say 17, 16. Yeah. 17 points, doc. 17. 8. Dude, I Off of my projection, 8. And he's lost his starting job. I also made a horrible Jordan Poole prediction at the start of the season when, my buddy Noah Rubin and I got together for a podcast, and we we had a little cut. We we got to pick who we thought was gonna lead the league in blocks, and I took Wimby. And then we got to pick who's gonna lead the league in assists, and I took Luca, and he took Ty Haliburton. And then it was like, who's gonna lead the league in scoring? He took Luca. I took Jordan Poole, and I feel stupid. Wow. Guys, you're welcome for these admissions. Okay? Our credibility, I believe, doc, at this point is so established that we can admit these errors right here. We we don't get all of these right. We get, I think, most of them right, but, wow. So you and I I mean, so so I'm done with that. We got bamboozled by Jordan Poole. We did. And we're both out on Jordan Poole for the rest of our lives. Yeah. You out. You out. I'm good. I I don't know, doc. I'm good. I'm not I'm not going back. Okay? So so, Rick, your your your whole goal fantasy nirvana for Jordan Poole. Literally, you cannot draw up a better scenario for a guy, and he has pooped it down his leg. So so I had to put together a list of my top 12 players for next year from my buddy Adam King, and I sent it off late last night. I really wasn't I didn't really study it. I didn't put a ton of time into it, but here are my top twelve. Here's my first round for next year, and I I didn't know I was gonna do this. But you talking about Joel Embiid and being out on him, got me thinking, like, would I take Joel Embiid in the 1st round in any draft next year? I don't I'm I'm out. I think I'm out. Here's my here's my list. Victor Waminiana, number 1. Nikola Jokic, 2. S g a, 3. Luca, 4. Domana Sabonis, 5, maybe high. Ty Halliburton, 6. Giannis, 7. Steph, 8. 89, Jaren Jackson junior, 10, Ant Edwards, 11, and, Alpi Shingyun, 12. And I that's just thrown together off the top of my head last night at 2 in the morning. Yeah. I'm probably miss I'm probably missing a guy or 2. I mean, I'd I'd have to, look at I Domas feels high. I'll just say that right now. I'm I'm a Domas guy, but I'm not a huge Domas guy. Because, doc, why? Why am I not a huge Because there's no gold there, son. No threes, no blocks, no steals. Ding, ding, ding. Gold. No fantasy gold. No fantasy gold, but I love them, but not But the double doubles and the triple doubles. Whoo. I mean, it's amazing. It's he doc, he is having the most historic non all star season ever, ever. He's got the all time record for consecutive double doubles. I shouldn't say all time. It's not all time. Since the merger, he's got the record for consecutive double doubles. By the way, I think it's 55. Wilt Chamberlain is in heaven laughing at all of us, and Domas laughing. He had 227 consecutive double doubles. That got great. I forgot I forgot Kawhi Leonard, by the way. That is a record that will not be broken. No. And isn't even a record, though? They did I why is there all this, oh, you know, in the stat era of the NBA? But for that one, for some reason, is there. But who the is it recorded somewhere? Is it is it on a piece of paper that he's holding in a in a photo somewhere? I don't know. I don't know where to go with that. I don't know where to go with that other than that. But I I've been, like, a while. I'm finding Doc, I just off the top, Kevin Durant stands out to me as a guy that I would have, in the top 12. Okay. What about and Jason Tatum? And and I don't know where, Tatum would be in there somewhere. Yes. JJ feels high in the first round to me. But the rest of the guys, like, I may, you know, tweak the order a little bit, but, no, I'm the 2 guys that stand out like, I don't know. I I may be able to find somebody else at the end of the first round that I like more than Shen Goon, but I'm not that mad at that because he he really the box score loves him, but he's kinda he's a look. In in the pre draft process, I comped Shen Goon to Demontes Sabonis. Okay? I got vibes of Domo Domas watching Alpi play in a weird looking uniform in Europe before he was drafted. Okay? And guess what? He's literally Domas, maybe Domas light, but he doesn't hit threes, he doesn't block shots, and he doesn't get steals. So, that would be a hang up for me. I I would I would doubt that right now if I did my top 12 doc, that I would have Domas, jjj, or shangoon in my, first round. I'm thinking, like, maybe a a a Durant, a Tatum, a Booker, might be going in there. Are are you coming around on Kawhi Leonard after how he has stuck it out this year and he's called? 2nd 2nd round, not 1st round. And I I I think I might still go and beat in the 1st round, doc. I mean, the numbers are so gargantuan, man. And he gives threes, and he blocks, and he does some steals, and, the assist right in the Nick Nurse system. We haven't seen Joel Embiid assist like he did this year. He was at 5 a game. He was going 36, 12, and 5, bro. 36, 12, and 5. You you know how many times that stat line's been done? I think it's like him and Wilt, like all time in history of the league. Joel Embiid had more points than minutes played this year, bro. And I get the injury risk. I'm just I I think Embiid Embiid, I still look at him as a 1st round pick, man. I do. Not not like I'm not taking him over Luca or SGA or, I would not take him over Giannis either, doc. I wouldn't. And I know that Giannis isn't great in in the 3 ball category, but I trust Giannis. Giannis is not missing gaps of seasons. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I would I would take, Anthony Davis over him. I would take Anthony Davis over and be I like this new Anthony Davis doc. And you know I sniffed it out. Right? Beginning of the year. This is what I got. Right? I told y'all that you guys, Davis is going to be nails this year. He is going to try to shut everybody up and play games and blah blah blah, and that has happened. And you I mean, how about his stat line, dude? 25, 12, 3, 2a half, like, 1a half. You know, the 3 ball has evaporated. The percentages are good. Like, they I'm I I and I don't think Davis is gonna revert back to half man, half a season mode. I I I really think that he's like he had doc, he won the championship, and he checked out, bro. That's my vibe on Anthony Davis. Right? All the missed games, and he wasn't in great shape, and he's dragging dead legs through seasons. And now I think he's like, alright. Screw this. Like, I'm 30 now. I gotta go. I gotta add more chips here. So I I see a different Davis, and I think this is gonna be the new Davis here. Do you wanna answer some questions from the Let's do it, man. Let's go to the streets. Matt Carving says, I heard you saw your interview with Dan. I I was on with Dan Bezbers yesterday, and it's easy to find on Twitter. And, Dan and I are the ones playing in the finals. So he just wanna know how my how our matchup's going. I am up 54 in the middle of week 1 of a 3 week duel to the death. So hanging in there, we're up 54. Hopefully, if everybody keeps playing, that's where it'll all end up. Aditha says I'm in my semis. Very tough games against number 1 seed. Dropping Grayson Allen after his Friday game to stream more games, does that make sense? Without seeing the schedule, without having studied Grayson Allen, I I'm I would assume you know what you're doing. Grayson Allen is right there for Fantasy Surprise star of the entire year. He he was probably the lowest drafted guy that had the best season in Fantasy in my mind this year. So be careful if you're dropping Grayson out, but, I mean, if you've studied the schedule and that's what you need to do, you gotta do it. If if you're gonna make this move, go get Sam Houser of Boston. Sam Houser has 2 games left, and Sam Houser has games we talked about this at the top of the pod. This cluster of players for, the 4 teams that are playing tonight Saturday, Boston, Atlanta, Milwaukee, New Orleans, Those should be the targeted teams on the waiver wire right now because filling your lineup on Friday Sunday is gonna be a piece of cake. Grayson Allen obviously had the, mega game, the 32 with the 9 threes, since. 13 points and 3 threes. 8 points, no threes. 6 points, no threes. Last night, 13 points and 3 threes. So, when Beal is healthy and Beal played through his finger injury last night hold on. I gotta stand up and take the bow. Or, give a standing ovation now. Whoo. Way to go, Brad Lebille. Way to go. He had the audacity. He had the audacity last night to say on national TV at the halftime walk off interview that he's a soldier. He had the audacity, the nerve, the balls to say that he's a soldier. I almost flew wait. I almost flew to Denver to have a tough talk with Brad Beal. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Dude, you are one of the softest, most pillowy soft, charmin soft players I've ever seen. This guy, the DNP's. I mean, it rains DNP's with this guy. Oh, you played through a finger injury. The X rays were negative. There's no structural damage. And so we're supposed to be out here applauding you? My god. Oh my god. So, anyway, when Bradley Beal plays, Grayson Allen doesn't eat a whole lot. Okay? So the pickup from a man out here is Sam Hauser. And then, doc, when, Grayson has this game tomorrow and Sam Hauser plays Thursday Saturday, go pick up Sam Merrill. Go pick up another guy that gives you 10 to 15 points and 2 to 3 to 4 threes. Right? Those guys will be on waivers for you, so I like the way Adith, Adithya is thinking. Our friend, friend of the show, Ken Crites, the k train. How awesome has Delano Band been? Silly season MVP. I did not see that before I said that. He posted it before I said it. Perfect. Here's a serious question. He picked him up in Cam Dynasty too. I'm pissed at k train about that. Oh, the k train and you were always throwing down in Cam Dynasty. Chris, we're we're in the final four right now. We're both in absolute meat grinders, man. Who knows? That's awesome. And he'll be on the lookout. I'm not playing against him. We may meet in the championship game next week. But, but anyway, doc, go ahead. Christian Rogers says, is Caris LeVert a drop now that Max Struss is back? Caris LeVert has been rough over the last 3 games. Right? He has. And, Struss was on a minutes restriction last night. He played well. He had 19 points, and how many bombs, did my boy hit? 5 bombs in 24 minutes. That's gonna go up. Mitchell's coming back tomorrow, doc, is what they're reporting. He's expected to come back tomorrow. And so you're gonna have Garland, Mobley, Mitchell, Allen, Struce, that's your starting 5. And, and Lavert will be back to his 24 to 28 minute. Good game one night, bad game the next. I mean, it depends on who you're dropping Lavert for, but, let me see if Lavert has 2 more games. But here's the thing. Lavert, doc, maybe a drop for one of these, players that we're talking about on, the Thursday Saturday because let me look here. LaVert plays tomorrow Sunday, so he does have 2 more games. But, again, you're not gonna have a hard time filling your lineup on Friday Sunday. So maybe the optionality here is to drop LaVert and go fill a hole, on the on the Thursday Saturday tough swing here. Aditha, by the way, already has Sam Houser. So that was the initial, So then who would be that next, 3 ball guy off waivers right now? Did you say Najee, or you said, you said, the center. The center from the hawks. You tell me. Okay. So who are you picking up? I'm gonna give you the 3 ballers here that are out here not named Sam Houser for the Thursday, Saturday deal. Garrison Matthews, Vic Creachy, Pat Connaughton, Jay Crowder, AJ Green, Jose Alvarado, Najee Marshall. I like Alvarado with no Baron Brandon Ingram. If Alvarado is healthy and he's gonna play, I like Alvarado. Okay. Let's say he doesn't play. Who's next? Because he might not play tonight. I know. I and I'm intrigued by Kreutche and the hawks, but I don't trust him enough to to to put that kind of stock in him when I need somebody to come through. Might be Garrison. Garrison popped, last night, had, 21 points and 5 threes, but here's the problem with that, doc. 1 of my what's that? It's tricky. It's tricky, man. It's Here here's the problem here's the problem with that, doc. Is Garrison Matthews doing that again tonight? I don't know. No. The answer is no. Garrison the answer is definitively no. He is not going 21 points with 5 bombs again tonight. That ain't happening. Oh, by the way, it's Boston's defense he's going up against. Okay? You have that. Oh, by the way, Boston just gave up a 30 point lead at Atlanta. Okay? You think they might be a little motivated tonight, little fired up, doc, to get back at your hawks? So I'm gonna say Najee Marshall, would would be next. He's playing about half the game right now with Ingram out. They need his defense on the floor. And here's the thing. I love Najee Marshall if Jose Alvarado doesn't play tonight because that's gonna mean even more playing time, for Najee. But I still like Najee, if Jose plays. But, I I, doc, I I like Najee more than Jose. I feel like I feel like Najee is the most trustworthy guy on that list. He had he had 2 pretty nice games, and then the last game he had, I think it was 7 points, 4 rebounds, 1 assist, 1 steal, 1 3. It was like, not a great game, but the previous 2 were really good. And he had, who are they playing there? They were playing SGA the other night, doc, and they had so you know how that goes sometimes, where it's just it's all focused on defense, and Najee was on SGA a lot. And so I think it's gonna open up for Najee. I would rather have Najee than Jose. If Jose even plays tonight, I would still rather have Najee. Yeah. Yeah. I I think Najee is the most consistent. I think he's the safest, but he also probably has the least chance of, like, blowing up, having that home run game. But I don't know that you're looking for a home run game here. You're looking for safe and somebody to get you a little bit of stuff. Right. Matt Like like, not what Rashaun Holmes did to us last night with 0, 3, 0, 0, 0, 0. Okay? Like, give us get all we need is 10 points, 5 boards, 2 assists, 1 steal, 2 threes. That's all we're looking for here. I feel like we've had 3 awesome Rick Rants in this podcast today, and we're gonna finish this off with, we're gonna finish it off with a little toy soldier comment from Matt Carmody. Matt Matt Carmody, you're cracking me up, dude. That's good. That's good. You can be like, I'm gonna fly to Denver and tell him that he is a toy soldier or wherever it was. You oh, yeah. Oh. So so so the Spurs beat the Suns without Wimby, and then the Suns turn around, beat Denver. Denver just doesn't care right now. Right? They're just, like, out there in the pool No. Spreading water, waiting for the playoffs. Not at all. Not at all, doc. They have the best record since the Oscars. That's Boston. I don't no. Boston won 9 in a row before that game the other night. I know. They're benching 2 guys every night every night. Who's a team that's bored? Who's a team that's kinda bored out there at the top? I don't know. I don't I I don't think any of them are bored, doc. I think they're all going for seeding in that kind of thing. Check it out. Denver, their their only losses since the all star break, it was an overtime game. It was the Kyrie Irving left handed hook shot at the buzzer, and it was last night at home without Jamal Murray. And Jamal Murray, literally, doc, was the reason they lost that game. They they just needed that one more score, and they didn't have it. And you had, obviously, Booker and Durant doing big things. So they no. I den Denver's locked in, dude. I'm I'm not detecting any kind of slippage from them. Alright. K train, Ken Crites, and I will be here on Tuesday to do this all over again. Rick and I will be back next Thursday. We should have a much better feeling for where all of us stand in all of our playoff stuff. We'll know a hell of a lot more about where our brackets are, how they're looking. We're gonna have Rick will hopefully set his baseball lineup before the middle of our show next week. So he's not, like, trying to figure out what time baseball season starts today in the middle of a basketball podcast. Because I know some of you guys hate baseball and only care about basketball. I'm here to get hoops news. I need fantasy information right now. Shut up about your baseball team. But we're coming back, and, man, this is a fun show, Rick. I love doing doing this show. Yeah. Me too, man. I love you, doc. And all you guys out here, really appreciate you, joining us and, and hitting us with the comments, man. And, I don't know. Did these rants pop up, doc? People piss me off when I do a rant. If nobody pisses me off, there won't be a rant. Okay? So we'll see. I don't know. It's very unpredictable. Dude, that was 3 solid rants, and we out.