Welcome into a Monday edition of the Rotabwire Fantasy Basketball podcast. As our our friend Trello asked, where are these turkeys? 12 meets 12, Alex. So we're I think we're like 30 seconds later than we said we'd be starting. So we we are underway. We we, you know, thank everybody who listens to us live. You could watch on YouTube. You could watch on on Twitter. Obviously, you could consume this as a traditional podcast as well wherever you get your podcast. We're gonna recap all of our takeaways from a big weekend in the NBA. We'll talk about some players to potentially buy low on, guys might wanna sell high on. But but, Alex, we're we're still early enough in the season where I maybe maybe it's just because I'm a wuss, and I I don't like to to take risks this early on, but, like, I'm still, like, waiting things out. You know? Like, Pascal Siakam, I am not quite panicking on. Had a couple of good games. Came back down to earth last time out. You know, how how aggressive do you tend to be early in the season when we're talking 8, 9, 10 games in, as far as adjusting your roster goes? It depends. I mean, you know, there are a few guys on my teams that I just, like, dropped or have been trying to drop right away, but most of those have been complete flyers like Colin Sexton and and guys like that. You know, we got some interesting questions, on the Friday podcast. Like Jabari Smith junior was kind of a point of contention. I was like Jabari's drop in a tent it was a 10 team league. I was like, you shouldn't worry about dropping him. I don't think it's gonna come back to bite you. Shannon felt the opposite. So it's more so guys like that. It really just kinda depends on if you think their production if it's like a field goal percentage issue a lot of the time or, like, a minutes issue rather than, some some other thing that's going on. Mhmm. Yeah. The the field goal percentage is something that's that's haunted me early on in a couple of leagues. You know, someone like LaMelo Ball, who's got off to a really rough start shooting it. He's already started to come around. Ironically, Damian Lillard is is kind of killing me in in our stake league. One of our staff leagues so far, the assists have been down. He's been just terrible from 3. Still hovering around 40%, so it hasn't been a complete disaster. But, yeah, I think you're you're right to point that out, that free throw percentage, field goal percentage, those 2 can have the the biggest variance early on. Yeah. We'll we'll go right through a few questions here. We'll we'll try to kind of check-in on the chat throughout, then, you know, open it up for more of a full q and a later. But we have a question from Dostviviskey. I wonder how many games Brogdon will miss. Could it only be 1? He dropped Brogdon for Skyler Bays, and he says he hopes he will not regret it. What are your thoughts on on that decision? We We Skyler Ray's you know, he had some opportunities at the end of last season in Portland, and, you know, whenever the minutes have been there, he's usually been pretty productive. But, you know, obviously, there's a a reason, not only Malcolm Brogdon, but Scoot Henderson for for why he's playing those minutes. Yeah. I mean, I I don't know if you'll regret it because you like Nick mentioned, Scoot is going to be out for maybe another 2 weeks. And so I won't be surprised if if Mays continues to see 30 minutes a game. You know, Brogdon plays a little shooting guard. Sharp moves up just because Portland's depth is so their depth is horrible. You know? It's a lot of Tomaki Kamara. It's a lot of Jabari Walker. So and I I think the important thing to remember about Brogdon, well, there's 2 things here. 1st, Brogdon, it's a hamstring injury, and those are notoriously hard to come back from. They have a really high reinjury rate. We know Brogdon's had leg issues in the past in terms of his his durability. So I I won't be surprised if he's out for at least another week even though they're taking it day to day. And somebody mentioned yeah. We were talking about Jabari Smith. Clarence says he's dropped Jabari everywhere, mostly to pick up Bilal Koulibaly from the Washington Wizards. I I'm with you, Alex, where I feel I I don't I don't think it's, like, completely out of the question that Jabari Smith could come on later in the season, and we saw him play better at the end of last year as well. But, we got enough of a sample, man, where even even, like, his plus games have just not even been great fantasy games. Right? Like, he had he had 21 and 11 against the Kings, but, you know, really not doing anything defensively. Like, the blocks have not been consistent. The steals have been even less consistent. He's given you almost nothing as a passer. We kinda knew that would be the case. He was 1.3 assists last season, but there's been no jump there whatsoever. You know, the field goal percentage is better. You're shooting it better from 3. So up up closer to 2 made threes per game. So that's that's something that you could say is is maybe a a feather in his cap, but he's also shooting 55% on on very limited attempts from the field. And I I just don't know if that changes, with the direction that Houston's going. Like, I I don't think this is a team that wants to change anything right now, with as hot as they've been of late. Where do you come in on Koulibaly, though? Had had his best game as a pro over the weekend. Yep. Super, super raw. I I think Washington kinda knew what it was getting itself into with that pick. You look at the first eight games for Koulibaly, 6 and a half points, 2.9 rebounds, 1.5 assists, 0.9 blocks. But he popped for 27, 3, and 4 steals against the Nets on Sunday. Yeah. I mean, you know, the Wizards are going to continue to be awful. I watched a a good majority of that, Nets Wizards game. And, like, Jordan Poole was at points, he was like looked like the worst guy on the court and another play. You gotta watch more football, dude. I I well, yes. I do. But they're gonna continue to be bad. Right? So minutes are gonna be there for Koulibaly. And look, he's not he he had the best game of his career the other night against Brooklyn. I just it's a steals and blocks thing. That's why you're picking up Koulibaly. Because if he can continue to get 25 to 30 minutes a game, you could be looking at 2 combined steals and blocks, you know, and then you're looking at something interesting. But he's just a really raw offensive player. They have other guys with usage. So to be honest, I won't be surprised if you end up dropping Koulibaly like you dropped Jabari Smith junior, but I understand why you might make that change. Here's an interesting one, Alex, from from b baller. And I feel like we've got more Keontae George questions across all platforms this year than just about anybody else. Would you drop Kobe White to pick up Keontae George and which of those 2 has a better outlook for the rest of the season? I would keep Kobe White. He's having a he had a slow start to the season, but now he's picked things up. His shooting's a bit better. My you know, my only my only hesitation in terms of picking White over Keontae George is I think George has a higher assists ceiling and floor. He's he's proven to be a more he's controlling the offense a lot more in Utah than, Kobe White is in Chicago. So if you really need assists, I think you can lean Keontae George. But if you're just looking if you're just talking like general value, if you're in a points league, if you just need, like, roto scoring in general, I would lean Kobe White because I do worry about Keontay George's field goal percentage, his lack of defensive stats so far. Not that Kobe White's Yeah. Averaging, like, 2 steals game or anything. Yeah. I I feel like there's some there's some, like, Taylor and Horton Tucker vibes with Keatte George, which could be good or bad, you know, be especially when the way we talked about Taylor and Horton Tucker earlier in his career. You know, like, you you see the flashes, like, the the good games, the good possessions are really good. But overall, I I still don't think it's an overly friendly fantasy profile. Like, if you're if you're chasing assists specifically, then sure. Go go grab Keatay George. But, you know, he's also shot 5 of 20 from the field and 1 of 9 from 3 over his last two games. You know, he's not not a high free throw rate guy, for for as athletic and and young as he is. You know, like, the steals haven't really been there. He's he's, you know, he's guard. He's not gonna block a ton of shots. The rebounding is is not great. So, I I get the appeal with George. I I you know, there there could be a 2 or 3 week stretch, like, later in the season where he really comes on, but I I have not really found myself, like, rushing to the waiver wire to add him anywhere. Well and he I mean, the shooting concerns me partially because he was really inefficient in college. If this was like, oh, he's just kinda shooting poorly to start the year. He's getting used to NBA competition. He shot 38% from the field and 34% from 3 or from 3 in college. And it's weird though because he only averaged 3 assists, and now he's a much better passer in the NBA. He's kind of a confounding player. Yeah. But, yeah, it kinda depends on your format. I wanted to ask you about Spencer Dinwiddie out. I believe you have him rostered in our in our steak league. It's been a it's been a roller coaster as it always is, with Spencer Dinwiddie. Like, opening night, terrible. Only played 4 24 minutes. Next night, he plays 40 minutes, gives you 23 and 8. It's been kind of the same story up and down since then. You know, with Dinwiddie, you're always gonna have to live with the the drastic, you know, game to game field goal percentage variance. Like, free throw percentages has been all over the place throughout his career, hasn't been super traceable. His 3 point shooting tends to come and go year to year. You know, really the assists are are what you've been able to bank on in the past, but he's down to 4.8 per game so far. But, you know, what are you doing with Dinwiddie right now? So I do have him in our 16 team league, and I'm holding on to him like a 16 teamer. Just Okay. He's good enough for that. But if you are in a 12 team league and maybe even a 10 team league, I think you're probably fine moving on and streaming the spot because almost any player if you're especially in your 10 team league, almost any player on the wire can give you Dinwiddie's stats, especially if they're on a 4 game week. Like, if you just stream guys in on 4 game weeks, my main concern with Dinwiddie, it it just he doesn't really seem to fit within their offense that well. They're they before Lonnie Walker got hurt, they were leaning on Lonnie Walker a lot. Dennis Smith Junior continues to look good. They have Ben Simmons. They had Cam Thomas available. Like, I think Dinwiddie's kind of falling by the wayside as, like, a 31 year old who doesn't really, like, fit their timeline. And more of an overarching concern, he has almost the lowest usage rate of his entire career right now. 19% compared to last year's 27%, and that's the usage rate that includes assists from cleaning the glass. So I think he's honestly, I think it's fine to drop him. Yeah. I'm with you on that. And it's also worth noting that Ben Simmons has missed for the last 5 games. And Right. You think if if anything, that would open up the assist opportunities, the playmaking for Dinwiddie, and it's kinda gone in the opposite direction. So I I don't think Simmons coming back, you know, when whenever that is. Should be hopefully sometime this week. I I don't think that is a a boost. If anything, it's probably a loss for Dinwiddie. And we had had a good question about, you know, which players still have a shot to break out this year, and it kinda ties in with with one of our our overarching themes. You know, kind of some some buy low players, and I wanna go back to the well on the Wizards. We're we're still having the same Jordan Poole discussions, Alex. He ranks outside of the top 125. You're taking a loss so far. If you took him at ADP, in Roto Leagues, he's down to 16.4 points per game. He has played 30 plus minutes in 3 of the last 4, but we're still talking 31, 32 minutes. You know, we haven't seen these, like, you know, big 38 minute nights for Jordan Poole. Even in games against Charlotte and Brooklyn that have been relatively competitive, you know, has it taken more than 14 shots in the last 3 games? He's not really getting to the line at all. What what do you do with Poole? Well, you gotta hold. I mean, I understand the idea. I mean, you don't wanna drop him, but I I wouldn't blame you for trying to trade him partially because it's just I he does not the hope was that he would come in and and take, you know, 20 shots a game or something like that. And he, in the past, has I think he ranked, like, 55th the year that Steph Curry missed in Golden State on, you know, like 14 shots a game on excellent efficiency. Now the problem is he, I don't think his efficiency is going to improve a ton, you know, like last year he shot 43% from the field and 34% 3. This year, it's only a few percentage points lower on each, and the minutes aren't there. And there are a lot of times where he just likes like, he is disrupting their offense more than he's helping it. So, I would understand if you wanted to move off of him, but you're selling so low that I would almost just rather hang on and just be like, well, maybe he can maybe this, you know, improves over the next month or so. So, you know, kinda in the same vein, you know, talking about guys who maybe aren't off to the greatest start but could still break out. Palo Bay Caro ranks 86th right now in, 8 category per game value. Doesn't feel like he's playing poorly by any means. You know, got off to a bit of a slow start through the 1st week, but last 5 games, he's at 24 and 8 with 6 assists, 1.2 steals. You know, the 3 point shooting, I I think, is what's bringing him down. Like, he got off to a really bad start there. You know, still shooting, like, 30, 33% from 3 right now. That's dragging down his overall field goal percentage, but he's about 47% for the year. So I I think if the 3 point shooting like, if you think he could become a 35, 36% shooter consistently on decent volume, in which that's the other thing. He's not even taking that many. He's under 3 attempts per game. He's at 4 last year. Baixeiro is somebody that I would look to look to buy relatively low on. And, again, he's coming off of, like, 4 of his best 5 games of the year, so maybe some people don't view it that way. But if you're just if you're looking at season long rankings, you know, he he still ranks quite a bit lower than where he was being drafted. That's somebody that I really like going forward. Yeah. I mean, I'm really impressed with the the passing. Has looked great so far. Some of you know, I think some of his increased stats lately have been due to Markelle Fultz being out for for plenty of those games. But at the same time, you know, I I I think the main concerns with Banchero from a, like, a a category league rankings perspective is that he's not getting you threes. His percentage, especially from the free throw line is is gonna harm you. And he's he's not really a a guy who gets defensive stats. Now he's at 1.4 steals per game. He's good he's good enough of an athlete to where I I I think that can I think that can stick, but he's just Banchero is honestly never gonna rank that well in Rodo just because of his free throw percentage threes and and defensive issues, but I think he is more valuable than that would suggest? Good question on, you know, our our topic of alright. If you're if you're done with Jabari Smith or, you know, you you try the Jordan Hawkins experiment for the last week, we we have a question. Who do who should I target to replace those guys? Max Struss, Bogganovich, or Jalen Suggs? I think look. I'm I I I'm out on Struse being a I don't think Struse is like a 12 team fantasy guy. I just I just don't think that's who he is. Like, he has he's had some nice games for sure, and I'm not trying to say that, like, he is not rosterable. But if you take away those, like, first three games, you know, of of his season, the numbers are a lot more muted. I think the assists are real. He's a very good player, but I I'm not convinced that he has to be rostered. We kinda know who Bogdan Bogdanovic is. He's like a guy who just consistently ranks, like, 80 to a 120 in fantasy. So I don't really like, that that just is what it is. It's a it's a low ceiling play. Suggs to me is interesting just be because of the Steel's upside. He is one of the best defenders in the NBA, especially one of the best backcourt defenders in the NBA. I think the Steel's numbers are pretty real. The deflection numbers back that up, but the man can I look? He got hot from 3 over the past 2 games, but he is a bad shooter. And so you have to be prepared for it to, like, kill your field goal percentage. So some of it depends on what you need. I I hate to, like, be wishy washy, but that's that's kinda how I feel about all those guys. Well, I I think if you're if you're looking for, like, somebody that I can keep on my roster for a month plus and, you know, just kinda ride it out, then maybe Yulin Bogdan or Yulin Strauss because Right. You know, part of the reason that that SUGS has had this uptick lately is Mark L. Fultz has been out. Gary Harris has been out. We don't know how long those guys are going to be out. I know Fultz is not gonna play tomorrow night, so, you know, could be another week where you're seeing elevated minutes for Jalen Suggs. But I I do think at some point, you know, that comes back around when they get, you know, 2 of their top seven rotation guys back. So if you're just looking for, like, the next week or 2, I like chasing the upside with Suggs. If you're looking for a longer term solution, I would lean Bogdan or Max Struess. We've talked a lot in this pod, Alex, about Scottie Barnes and, you know, the early season breakout that he's had. If you're looking at 8 cat per game value, he is a 1st round value so far. He's number 12 overall. Now I've been on the side where I kinda wanna ride this out, and, yeah, I know he had he had what'll go down as his worst game of the year so far, in that loss to Boston over the weekend. 1054, still out of steel and a block, 4 15 from the field. Are are you in the campouts where if you if you profited from the Scottie Barnes breakout that you're looking to sell for a more proven asset such as Jimmy Butler or Kawhi Leonard, or are you holding strong? I I would hold on this because, he, his defensive numbers are insane right now. And I I don't know if they're going to keep up, especially the blocks, but and his 3 point shooting has cooled off, but that was to be expected. But the reality is, like, Jimmy Butler, he started the year kinda hurt. You know, hasn't, like, quite looked right so far, and we know he's an injury risk. So and same with Kawhi. Right? And the the James Hargan thing is messing up Kawhi a bit. Kawhi is coming off, not a great game, last night against the grizzlies. Oddly enough, a terrible team. So I I would I would hold Barnes because the other 2 guys are injury risks, and their ceilings technically, their ceilings are higher than Barnes, I think, but Barnes has just played so well. I it's, like, I'm really starting to doubt whether Butler, Kawhi, their fantasy ceilings are that much higher than Barnes. Yeah. No. That that's the thing. I I don't know if I like these 2 specific options. Like, I'm not opposed to the idea of selling at peak value on Scottie Barnes. But, you know, with Jimmy Butler at this point in his career, you're gonna wonder about games played. I mean, if you're playing fantasy basketball, you know the deal with Kawhi. That's just not really somebody I want on my roster. I mean, if you I don't know. You could I mean, you could target I don't know who I'm just looking at other guys in this general range. Right? I mean, I don't know. Throw throw an offer out on, you know, like Bain or Barkanin or Anthony Edwards or, you know, Trae Young, somebody like that. Yeah. I mean, if you go fishing on those offers for players who technically rank lower than Scottie Barnes but have a better pedigree, yeah, I think that's fine. I just I I just I really wouldn't wanna be dealing with the the Kauai issues. And it's not like, you know, it's not like he or the Clippers have looked great, even when he's been healthy so far. Should I start playing BizPac by Ambo, Alex? A question that at at it feels like we're forced to answer this at some point every year. It came a little bit earlier, than we expected, but he always he always has his moments, you know, stepping in. He started now 4 games, 4 Memphis. He's got 2 double doubles, and he has double digit rebounds in, the in that 4 4 games of double digit rebounds and 2 double doubles. I completely butchered that. Steven Adams is out. Brandon Clark is still out. But, you know, a big part of the reason that Biambo's had this run is that Xavier Tillman has also missed time. He did not play last night against the Clippers. Tillman seems like it's gonna go game to game, so there's no real timeline as far as, you know, how much more time he's gonna miss. He could play tomorrow against the Lakers. After that, they play Saturday Sunday in a back to back against San Antonio and Boston. I mean, for this week, like, I I went out and grabbed my ammo in a couple of leagues. Like, I'm I'm gonna try to ride this thing out. You know, even once Tillman's back, he's probably not startable at that point, but I I at least wanna see how he's used because they they clearly need this defense. I mean, Memphis is reeling right now. Yeah. I mean, the part of the problem with this question or wondering whether or not you should pick up Bianbo is, like, every every day that you've waited, they're you're getting like, your return on investment is riskier because Tillman might come back, and then the minute split might go like, you know, Tillman starts playing 30 minutes a game again, and then Biambo is playing 18 minutes, and then you have to drop him. But we don't know when Tillman's coming back. And, honestly, Biyombo, they don't have a lot of size. Like, they like, losing Steven Adams, Tillman is short. Like, he is short for a center, and, Aldama is not really a center. He's kinda like a he really is like a power forward. Sometimes he plays like a small he's he's a Gallinari. I don't know I don't know what kind of position that is. It's its own thing. But I think Biambo only needs 25 minutes a game, which is what he's getting right now to be fantasy relevant. So should you start playing him? Yeah. Sure. Sticking with our our theme of buy low targets, Alex. Can I can I issue in McCall Bridges? Is is his value sunk low enough? He ranks 58th right now in 8 cat per game. As a buy low? Sure. I think his 3 point shooting is going to improve. I think that's that's the main thing you're looking at right now. With Bridges, he's shooting 27% from 3. He's basically a 36% career 3 point shooter. So he should probably be averaging, like, 23 a game rather than 20. But I I gotta be honest, like, Bridges was one of the guys where I wrote in, like, overrated picks for each round column. And I thought Bridges in round 2 was just not, I didn't like it. You know, his steals, his defensive numbers are don't reflect how good he has as as a defender. You know, I think if Bridges was really going to function as this, like, elite number one option this season, he would have done it already. And he's just not showing that from, like, a usage rate, standpoint. Best Buy low targets in points league specifically. I think this applies to Ben Caro. Like we talked about, you know, this guy who was much better in points leagues last season. You know, somebody who you still worry a little bit about the the free throw percentage specifically. We'll see on the the field goal percentage. I'm pretty optimistic on that. You know, if you start shooting the 3 better and, again, it's at 47%, so it's not really killing him right now. And does anyone else come to mind for you? I know Kate Cunningham, like, ranks pretty low in roto. It doesn't feel like it's a buy low necessarily because he's averaging 23 and 7 and feels like he's been really good so far. But, you know, field goal percentage is hovering around 40%, so that's something, that's harming him quite a bit in roto leagues and obviously is not a concern in points. Yeah. I mean, well, yeah, I love the bylaw on Kate Cunningham in in points leagues because he is shooting, you know, 4130. But I honestly, like, I hate to I hate to make it so, I hate to make it so simple, but just go get a field goal attempts page and basketball reference and pick out everyone that's shooting, like, 40%. That that shouldn't be shooting that badly. And you can just start throwing out offers for guys because, like, that's in points leagues, it it's really like a points in a usage thing. Julius Randle, honestly, too. Like, throw out an offer on Julius Randle in a points league because the field goal percentage isn't killing you. And then when you start shooting better, you get the boost of the points. So, like, it's those types of guys. Yeah. Randall might be the ultimate one right now, and I I know he's played a little bit better of late, but it you know, I think a lot of people are still gonna be scared off by those first couple of weeks. We'll get to more questions in a moment, but got a couple of messages to pass along. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contest. If you haven't tried underdog yet, new users receive a first time bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to rotawire.com. Just use our promo code rwnba. That's rwnba. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app. Do that right now and use that promo code r w m b a. That'll get you a deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free subscription to Rotowire. We're also brought to you by Vivid Seats. The NBA season is underway. And on behalf of our friends at Vivid Seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans. Every dunk, every dribble, and every heart pounding play of your favorite team live and in person. And Because Vivid Seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you could score amazing deals and unrivaled annual rewards all season long. Plus, they have a 100% buyer guarantee. You can be sure your ticket is as legit as your love for the game. Go to vividseats.com or download their app today. And if you use our promo code, rotowire, you'll get $20 off your first $200 purchase. That's rotowire, r o t w or r o t o w I r e, for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Visit the app or go to vividseats.com. Vividseats experience it live. How do we feel about Caris LeVert, Alex? I I've been kind of shocked, you know, watching the Cavs. They've they've been out league past for me quite a bit the last couple of weeks. Even if you're just checking box scores, you know, Caris LeVert is somebody who I I feel like has burned me so many times in fantasy that I just didn't really didn't really consider him all that much, you know, especially with the backcourt, in Cleveland. But, you know, this is a team that even after bringing in back Strouse, you know, Isaac O'Coral still in the mix. We're we're we're seeing Lavert every single night, be a a relatively high volume player for this offense. He's coming off of 29 and 22 points in back to back games over the weekend. I was watching that game against OKC last week. Sixteen field goal or feathered attempts, I should say, for Caris LeVert. Obviously, that's not going to be sustainable, but it's been a nice start for him, up close to 19 points per game so far. I I think LeVert's improved. They're trusting him a lot more, which I think is really important. He has improved as a defender. I saw like a nice threat on Twitter of him, you know, playing great defense the other night. I think I think this is fairly real because it partially is is shooting percentages are not unsustainable, and they need a guy like him, you know, when Garland and or Donovan Mitchell are on the bench to bench to kind of run the offense a bit. And, they're really not a deep team at all. So that works in your favor as well. So I think it's I think it's fairly real. Yeah. Good question on Gordon Hayward, somebody who's played very well for me in the stake league so far, but, you know, we have the alleged impending return of Miles Bridges that could complicate things for Gordon Hayward. And, even if Bridges wasn't coming back, it's like, you know, hey. You know, Hayward's getting hurt at some point. You know, we've been through this song and dance, like, 5 years in a row now. So is now the time to to sell on Gordon Hayward? And if so, like, what, you know, what range of players are are should we be targeting? Now is absolutely the time to move on from Gordon Hayward. You got 9 healthy games out of him. That's a win. No. He ranked he ranked 60th right now. Everybody if you're playing in an informed fantasy league, people who understand who that Gordon Hayward is an injury risk, I it's gonna I'll be honest. It's gonna be really tough for you to get like a projected top 100 player for him just because he has that stank on him and bridges is coming back. So you have to kind of take a player back that people are really lukewarm on. Like, if you can get back, like, valentunas, maybe, if you can get back, I I don't know who other good examples are. But, like, I'm saying, I mean, what about, like, like, Herb Jones, Denny Avia, you know, even, like, I hate it, but, like, Dillon Brooks, Devin Vassell, guys like that. I mean, Austin Reeves has been off to a slow start. Maybe you could pry him away. Again, I I don't know if most managers are saying yes to that, but I I think you're right that you need to temper your expectations unless you're in a league where people don't know his history and don't know about Miles Bridges and just think this can continue. So, you know, obviously, start high. Don't start too high. But, yeah, realistically, I think you're looking for somebody who could finish 85 to 120. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. I think it the top 80 is great. Like, I I like yeah. Vassal would be awesome. I would do that in a heartbeat. Reeves, I think that's a that's a pretty solid suggestion, but, yeah, you do have to worry about bridges and injuries for Hayward. How many more games before we could firmly say this Killian Hayes breakout is a thing and not just rotation shenanigans by the Detroit Pistons? I I wish I had a better answer. I mean, I I have no idea how this rotation is going to ultimately shake out, but, you know, Killian Hayes, if you just isolate the the last 6 games, 15 points, 6 assists, field goal percentage has been good. The 3 point shot looks like it's marginally improved. I mean, the percentages have been good. He spent a sub 30 3 point percent shooter, or 3 point shooters whole career. So take that, you know, with somewhat of a grain of salt. I I think you you know, even if you get, like, 33% out of him for the year, that's fine. But, you know, I the question, I guess, more than anything is is the Detroit rotation settled? You know, like, does, you you know, Monte Morris, Joe Harris, Bojan Bogdanovic, like, does those guys being out ultimately impact Killian Hayes if and when they return? I don't think the Detroit rotation is settled. You know, we had last night against the bulls. We had Jagan Ivy and Alec Burks come back from injuries. Burks plays 21 minutes. Ivy plays 11 minutes. I think that will increase. Sasser goes to 20, and then Killian Hayes is down to 25. So already, you're you have to have some concern about is Killian Hayes gonna go back to playing, like, 20 to 25 minutes. And then, of course, we haven't even seen Monty Morris play for this team. So I don't and I think we have to kind of, like, wonder. I to me, this isn't like, he's Hayes has had what? He had, like, 5 good games. You averaged 16 and 6 for 5 games on some really hot shooting. But for the year, he still only ranks a 133rd, per game. So I I have no confidence in this. Like, keep him on your roster. It's Monday. Right? See what happens this week. But then if he keeps playing 25 minutes, you can let him go. Yeah. The flip side of this is Jaden Ivy who played, you know, 11 minutes after missing, 4 games in a row with an illness, played 11 minutes yesterday against Chicago. I mean, is there is there any buy low potential with him, or are you just staying away at this point? I I am so I am so far away from from Jake and Ivy right now that I Mhmm. I just no. To me, there's there's no buy low. How about Daniel Gafford? I I think he could be considered could be considered a buy low. I, you know, a lot of Wizards players making their way into this episode as they should. But, you know, the minutes have been all over the place for Gafford. You know, they played a a relatively competitive game yesterday against Brooklyn. He had 1 foul and he played 16 minutes. But prior to that, played 30 minutes and gave you 10 points, 9 boards, and 4 blocks. He already has a 5 block game this year as well. Multiple, you know, every other game except for yesterday, he has 2 plus blocks this season. So I'm I'm still in on Gafford, but I really I'm only in it for the blocks. I'm not expecting anything else. It's a it's like a buy low in the sense that I it's hard for me to imagine him playing less than 22 minutes a game. I just think there's a lot of times where well, first of all, Washington's getting killed every game. So their minutes are gonna be messed up every night. And I think Wes Unseld, honestly, just he he puts guys in the game when he thinks they're playing well. And if they're not, he just pulls them and won't pull them back in. And I, with some of what Washington is doing, they'll they also like to play small now. So they're playing like Avia, Koulibaly, Kuzma, gets that center. Gallinari plays some center for them. I guess it looked good. So, yeah, I mean, it's don't expect this to drastically change, this season. But if you were asking me, would I buy low on it? Yeah. Because it's hard to imagine it being worse. Yeah. And almost everybody needs blocks. Right? And I I don't I I think more often than not, Gafford's gonna play 20 to 25 minutes as opposed to 16 to 20. So you're you're gonna have to live with the the, you know, some of the 0 weeks. Like, you know, he's not somebody that you're necessarily starting comfortably on a 3 game week. On a 4 game week, I I feel a lot better about it. So, I I think if you choose to view him as more of a spot starter, then you're you're gonna be you're gonna be happy with the rewards because I I think the shot blocking is good enough to to at least maintain this value. Albert Shangoon, Alex, what is our take on his rest of season upside? Certainly top 50. He's in the top 50 right now. It categories, you know, free throw percentage is is likely going to continue to be an issue. He's down to 61% on the year. He's taken almost 4 per game. That's about the same as last year. You know, he's taken more threes. He's also missing almost all of them. So that's that's hurting his free throw or field goal percentage, but he's still at 60% from the year. So, you know, that's not really that big of a concern unless for some reason he starts taking, like, 4 threes a game. You know, the shop locking has been a little bit frustrating, the lack of, but other than that, I mean, I I love what I'm seeing. You know, the the scoring is up. The rebounds have basically sustained. He's almost doubled his assist production. He's still giving you a steal per game. You know, I think because of some of those specific category, defects, like, it's gonna be tough for him to break, like, the top 40 or top 30 certainly. But I I think he settled somewhere between 4050 on the year. Yeah. I think he's certainly a top 50 guy. I think everything that he's doing right now is pretty sustainable, and you can expect a bounce up in probably free throw percentage. I know I think I think some people are gonna look at his field goal percentage and say, well, can he really do shoot 60 on increased volume? I think he can because he actually has a real point guard now playing next to him that can feed him shots. You know, unlike like when Shanggun had to be doing a bunch of stuff himself, he was getting no passing inside, no help from Kevin Porter junior. So to me, everything that Shang Tsung is doing right now is is this is who he is. We got a bonus Pistons question. Does wise men get out of the doghouse at some point and soak up some of the minutes that they'll take away from Duran to keep him healthy, or has wise men destined for a new team soon enough? I would say the latter, and that new team might be, like, the Fort Wayne mad ants. I I don't I don't really see the upside here. Even with Durant missing time recently, it's like Wiseman's just grabbing a few minutes off the bench. You know, if he was never the number 2 overall pick, we'd probably not be talking about it whatsoever, and I think that that luster has completely worn off. And Bojan Bogdanovic, you know, should be back at some point this month. Obviously, Wiseman's more of a true center, but I I think Bogdanovic eats into some minutes at the 4. Maybe that pushes Isaiah Stewart into the mix, you know, alongside Bagley and Duran at center. So I don't I I don't really concern myself with with any any Wiseman shares right now. No. Wiseman, like you mentioned, I mean, it's maybe you'll be on, Barcelona with Jabari Parker sooner than later. I I I think you have to note that, like, Monty Williams said at the beginning of the year that they would only be playing one backup center Yeah. Behind Jalen Duran. That it would be either be Marvin Bagley or James Wiseman. And it's Yeah. Not James Wiseman, so he's just not gonna play. This is an interesting one. I I have a lot of Jeremy Grant, Alex, so I'm curious to get your take. Is Jeremy Grant a buy low target? And this this, listener says that he was offered Clint Capela for Jeremy Grant. So he'd be getting the the Jeremy Grant side of this one, but, let's just put that one straight up. Like, who would you rather have Capella or Grant? I think I would rather have Capella. I I I like what Capella brings from, like, a rebounding and and blocks perspective. I will say at the same time, I do feel like Jeremy Grant is a good buy low because he is a better shooter than 42% from the field and and, you know, like, his his percentages will go up. But at the same time, he's doing a lot of this without Anthony Simons, without Scoot Henderson, everything like that. So I I think I prefer the Capella side. But because Jeremy Grant, he's just only he's just points. That's all you're getting from it. It's just points. You're getting some threes. He's giving you, like, almost 2 and a half threes a game, but because he's taken so many threes, the field goal percentage hasn't been good. You know, he's he takes he takes a ton of free throws, almost 7 a game, and he's at 77%, so that's not helping you either. I I I'm still kinda holding out some hope for Jeremy Grant. But like you said, I think you gotta be realistic about categories. And if you need if you need blocks of rebounds, then then take Capella. Like, I I guess it feels like maybe Capella's been a little disappointing, but he's basically doing what he did last year. Right? I mean, the rebounds numbers are the exact same. He's actually blocking more shots. You know, field goal percentages down slightly, but free throw percentages up, so that cancels out. I don't I don't really think he's off to a bad start necessarily. I think this is just kind of the player that he is. The only concern would be, you know, does does Okongo eventually, you know, grab a larger share of minutes at center? But at the same time, you know, Capella's, he's only playing, like, 21 to 26 minutes both nights. So I I don't see it going much lower. No. I think I think if you're in a points league, I prefer Grant. Let me clarify that. If you're in a points league, I would rather have Grant. But in a in a Roto league or a category league, I would it's closer to even, and I might just prefer Capella. Alright. We got one more message from rival fantasy. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries. They make the game more fun, and they give fans the story lines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player matchup and head to head debate could be settled on rival. This NBA season, you could play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. You can play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/rodowire. Do that right now. You'll get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this now while we're still early on in the 2023, 24 NBA season. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. We will see you in the arena. Let's see. Regular listener of the program, free key says you just tuned in. What are we doing with Tyus Jones? So back we go now, Alex, to the Washington wizards yet again. Man. I had such high hopes for Tyus Jones. I I was targeting him all over the place. I guess luckily I did not get him in as many spots as I wanted. I I do have him in our our 16 team league. You know, he's, he's kind of been putting up the same numbers that he was as a backup last year, which normally would be would be fine. But considering the jump in role, considering what we thought he could be in Washington, it's been pretty disappointing, and it seems to be seems to be getting worse. You know, last 6 games, 7.2 points, 3.8 assists per game. They've still given you good, like, steals per minute numbers, but much like a lot of players on the Wizards, it it kinda seems like they're they're at the whims of of what's what's on sale night tonight. And I don't think you're gonna lose your league or, like, regret dropping Tyus Jones at this rate. Because we were saying to draft Tyus Jones under the caveat that, like, he needs 30 to 34 minutes a game to be fantasy relevant. And if he's not seeing 30 minutes a game and he's not a a more significant part of the offense than he was in in Memphis, then he's just not someone to hold, for any for any amount of time, really, to to be honest. Someone in my league wants to trade Desjontae Murray and Austin Reeves for Jaylen Brown. Is this a fair deal? Desjontae Murray ranks quite a bit ahead of Jaylen Brown so far this year. You know, if that matters, still small sample size. I think I would rather have the Murray Reeves side of this. I think Murray and Brown are pretty comparable in a vacuum, and I would like to buy low on Austin Reeves. So this is a pretty easy one for me. Do you agree? To me, this is a 100%. I mean, Jaylen Brown some nights is gonna be like their 4th option in in Boston. And and DeJontay Murray is a proven top 30, 40 player, which is what Jaylen Brown, like, his absolute ceiling has been, can do, and he's he's no longer he no longer has that ceiling. And then you give Austin Reeves for free, in my opinion. So, yeah, I'm with you on that. Yeah. Take D'Jonte. Take that side of that deal. This is a tougher one for me. Korey says, I just got an offer for Jalen Duran to take Jalen Williams. What do you think? So would you give up Jalen Duran for Jalen Williams, of the OKC thunder? I would not. I would I would if I have Duran, I'm I'm hanging on. I think their I think their ceilings are roughly the same. Because to me, Jalen Williams had a ceiling of, like, 5th round, 4th round maybe. And Jalen Duran right now is proving that he he just is a 4th or 5th round value. So I I would rather have Duran, like and some of his stats, Duran's stats are kinda muted lately because he's been dealing with an injury. So his minutes are a bit low. His stats are a bit low. I would I would stick with Darren. Yeah. The thing with Darren is he's he's still not blocking a ton of shots, you know, so it's you're kind of just targeting, like, mid level points, high end rebounds, one block a game, and then the field goal percentage. And, yeah, I don't know if we really trust him yet as a free throw shooter. He was 61% last year. This is this is pretty tough for me. I I mean, the thing with Jalen Williams too is he, you know, he's not doing a whole lot outside of scoring thus far and, you know, had 31, last night against Speedex. So, you know, he's coming coming in hot right now, but he only had one rebound and one assist in that game. Is giving you, like, a steal per game. The the percentages have been elite though, in 52%, for a guy who, you know, basically plays on the wing. That's that's elite. It was elite last year as well. And the free throw percentage, you know, he's taken he's taken 4.2 per game, and he's at 86%. So that that would be one where you evaluate your roster. You know, if you're in a category league and you're struggling in free throw percentage, I think Jalen Williams is somebody that that could address that, whereas, you know, Durant's gonna continue to hurt it. Right. And, you know, Williams, his his, usage rate isn't that much higher than it was last year. And he you know, Chet's taking some usage. Giddey and Shea are gonna do their thing. So, I I'm cool sticking with Duran there. Cam Reddish or Skyler Mays for a 10 team points league. I'm going Mays. I can't do it. I cannot. I have to I have to be honest, man. Cam Reddish is a, automatic do not roster for me. I look. He's looked good lately, but, like, throughout his entire career, I feel like Nick and I have been doing this podcast, and there's been, like, a 6 game stretch where it's like, is this it? Is Cam Reddish finally doing it? And then all of a sudden, he goes back to averaging, like, 3 points a game. So, definitely pick up Skyler Mays, especially since the assists are are ridiculous and are going to be harder to find on the waiver wire than what Breyers is doing. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think both of these guys, you know, you're you're looking at it as somewhat of a week to week streaming spot. You know, if you're in a daily league, even better. But 4 games this week for Portland, 3 next week, and then, they have another 3 game week after that. So it's it's an okay schedule for Skyler Bays, but it's really more dependent on Brockton and and even more so, Scoot Henderson. But that's that's a guy I would trust. You know, if you're just looking for 4 to 7 games, give me Skyler Bays. Let's see. Drop Gafford for OG. For Anunoby, yes. I I don't know I don't know what league this is, but do that. I was gonna say, sir, are you in a 6 team league? But whatever league format you're in, absolutely do that. Good question from Nicholas Lee. He asked, I hear people saying to drop Andrew Wiggins. I I have also heard that. Is that realistic? And if I do drop him, who should I pick up for him? This is a 9 category 14 team league. So in that format, I I don't I still don't know if I'm, like, actively trying to drop Andrew Wiggins. I mean, it's been it's been pretty pretty bad so far. You know, even the games where he's played relatively well, it's been more, you know, real life success as opposed to fantasy. But, you know, if you if you play the streaming game right, you can definitely do better than what Wiggins has given you over the last couple weeks. Yes. The 4th the the fact that it's a 14 team league makes it more difficult. If you were in a 10 team league, I would say drop him yesterday, but it's difficult. Look, I think he is droppable. Like Nick said, because Wiggins, even even in Wiggins' best scenario where he's playing 30 minutes a game, like he has with the warriors, he's like, like he's ranked like 80th. He's like 80 to a 100 ish, and he's just not close to being there from a minutes perspective even when his shooting comes back, which it will. Like, he he will not shoot 15% from 3 and 41% from the field. His defense hasn't been there. His usage, is about the same as last season. I just I think I think you can stream in that spot, and you're you're not going to regret it. Yeah. I would I mean, I would just double check on, you know, guys like, I don't know, Naz Reed, Dorian Finney Smith, Royce O'Neil, you know, some of the usual streaming characters from the last few years. They they could probably give you more than what Wiggins has given you right now. And if you're if you're going to drop him, just make sure you get somebody out of 4 game week because you're in a 14 team league, you're probably not gonna be thrilled with your options. But if you're getting somebody for 4 games, especially on a week where, you know, Wiggins has 2 or 3, then you're probably gonna end up profiting there. Let's see. Kool Aid Trippin asks, I don't know what to do with Bruce Brown. He's not hurting my team, but he's not helping much either. Should I keep him, or should I stream the Bruce Brown spot? I have Bruce Brown in the industry pickup league. And, honestly, he's mostly valuable to me because he's, like, multi position eligible. And I'm like, alright. I can put that man in a forward. But, no, I don't I don't think you should expect him to play any better than he is right now. I have to be honest because his shooting is all it's all sustainable. Like, he is not underperforming in that aspect. His usage is down 4% compared to last year, and 4% is a lot. I know some like I said, I talk about usage rates all the time. I'm gonna know do it to to a lot of people that doesn't, like, mean anything. But if you can't reach, like, 20% usage as a guard, that's a problem, in general. And he was at 18 last year, and he's at 14 this year. So, I think he's he's ranked a 128. It's the exact same as he finished last year. Mhmm. He's a I I would consider him a streamer. So you can keep him on your bench and play him on 4 game weeks, and it's gonna be fine, but you should not worry about dropping him. Yeah. Well, here's the thing. For for 1, he's rostered in 21% of ESPN leagues right now, and that, you know, that covers a wide range of settings and sizes and whatnot. But, you know, it sound like you're dropping somebody who everybody else is hanging on to. The Pacers also don't have a 4 game week until mid December, and they have a 2 game week this week. So yeah. I would, you know, I would look into that. Part of that is, like, I think there's, like, the in season tournament week coming up where, like, the schedule is not decided, but it I don't think that'll be a 4 game week. So there's just not really like, you know, later in December, they have a couple back to back 4 game weeks. You know, that could be a spot to to target him. But yeah. If if we're talking streaming, like you you're not putting him in your lineup on a 2 game week this week anyway. And if you feel like you need to make up some ground, then, yeah, go grab somebody on a a 3 or or preferably a 4 game week. I I don't think you'll regret it. Should I drop Chris Paul for Kiaute George? No. I would say no. I want Chris Paul. I also I also want Chris Paul. I understand why you're asking the question. I wanna be I wanna be clear. I would rather have Chris Paul, but I understand why you're asking. Yeah. I I I just I It hasn't been good for Paul lately, but I I just I mean, it's still wildly more dependable. I I I think we could like we said earlier, we could see a Keonte George, like, breakout week or 2 later in the year as just you you kinda time that out right. And, yeah, I I think in general, considering the the limited minutes and the fact that he's coming off the bench, I could Chris Paul's still giving you 7 and a half assists. He's still giving you a steal and a half per game. You know, the field goal percentage is concerning. He's not making any threes. And at some point, you know, hopefully, that comes back around. But I I I still think, you know, week to week, night to night, Chris Paul is gonna give you, more of what you want. Yeah. Thoughts on PJ Washington. When Miles Bridges returns this week, will he start, or is he cooked? Fair question. You know, PJ Washington, it it feels like every year, you know, has some sometimes it's at the start of the year. Sometimes it's in the middle. Sometimes it's at the end. He has these these months and these runs where he looks really good. I I I think he starts initially. I'd be pretty surprised if if Miles Bridges is just, like, in the lineup right away. Yeah. You know, certainly, he could end up grabbing a spot at some point. You know, Washington does have center eligibility in some leagues, so that's something that that gives him a little bit of a boost. He's also probably a little more effective in real life than in fantasy. Like, he doesn't he doesn't really block shots for being a big man. He's not a great rebounder. It's kinda just points and threes. So that I I think there is a reason for concern here. I you know, we already laid out our concerns for for Gordon Hayward as well. I I think both of those guys are kinda equally harmed by Bridges. I think, I think the answer to this both of these questions could be yes. I think he could I think he could start and could be cooked. So with the year that Bridges broke out and was healthy, PJ Washington, he ranked a 107th per game, Roto, a cat, but when he had a 15% usage rate, he's at 18 right now. Like, yes, I think he's gonna shoot better from 3. Look. I mean, Washington's always kind of been a fringe guy in terms of, like, a streamer. Keep him on your bench playing in 4 game weeks kind of a guy. But, you know, if Bridges comes back and Washington starts seeing, like, 28 minutes a game, to me, that's like an automatic drop. Like, I'm not gonna really worry about it. Alright. Yeah. We mentioned Gordon Hayward earlier, and this this actually a good question. You know, we were we were talking about if you're trying to sell high at Gordon Hayward and now is the time to do it, who should you target? Would you take Shaden Sharp back for him? Oh, man. So, I might. Yeah. I think I would. I think I I think I would, but I I did caution people in an article I wrote about, like, players performing extremely well that I don't think I think Sharp Sharp is like a one dimensional fantasy player. Like, he's a points guy. He does not pass very well. He's not a steals and blocks guy. He's fine from 3. But, like, the minutes I mean, seriously, he's averaging 39.4 minutes per game. He's played 40 plus and 5 straight. Yes. So and he's averaging 20 a game. So when he starts playing he played 28 minutes in the opener. So when Simons comes back, when Brogdon comes back, when Scoot comes back, is Sharpen gonna play 28 minutes a game and average 14 points? It's pretty possible, and then it's gonna be like 1 and a half assists. Yeah. Like, you wanna say yes because you worry about Hayward staying healthy, but, honestly, I I don't know, man. I I might kinda lean Hayward on this. Okay. So so if you're if you're looking to trade Gordon Hayward, you're looking for somebody with a little bit less, confusion, I guess, as far as the role once once you guys come back. Yeah. I I think that so I'll I'll I think it's the right area of, like, general fantasy value to target. Like, I think that's the right guy, to take a swing for in theory. It's just I I have my own sort of personal concerns about shaking sharp that I feel like other people don't necessarily have. Okay. Yeah. I think that's fair. I think that's fair enough. We got a good question on Jared Allen. Is he a top 80 player this season? Asked Luke. I mean, Jared Allen has a pretty nice fantasy pedigree. Right? I mean, he was a top 60 guy last year, top 50 in per game the year before that. His his final year of Brooklyn where he split it between the nets and the cavs, he was closer to the 90th overall player. It's been off to a slow start since he came back. Obviously, he was injured to begin the year, but it's been relatively down. Now last year, he was a a almost 33 minute per game guy. This year, through 4 appearances, he's averaging 25 minutes per game. But his minutes have gone up over the last couple of games. So I I think once he's once he's fully integrated, you know, maybe he doesn't have a ton of upside beyond, like, I would say I would say he could be a top 70 guy, Max. But, you know, I I I think the Cavs are adjusting due to playing smaller, you know, getting more shooting on the court. That's something that worries me a little bit with Alan. But I I still think he's pretty solidly like a top 100 guy once he's fully up to speed. I mean, he's only he's only been back for a week. Yeah. The playing time's still been restricted. Still working his way back from, it was a high ankle sprain or a bone bruise. I can't quite remember. But, yeah, to me, he's, like, kinda ranked to answer your question, like, yes. I think he's kinda, like, between a 60th ranked and 90th ranked guy. You know, obviously, they I think they wanna feature Evan Mobley more. But if if you're sort of asking that wondering, like, should I trade him for a guy who I think is top 80? I would try to trick him for a guy who I think is top 60. Otherwise, I I would just hold and see what he does when he's fully healthy. Zach Collins or Denny Avdia? It's an interesting one. That is that is, that is kind of a tough question. I actually have both of them in in the industry pickup league. So I look. Avdia is, he's playing pretty well. I mean, I think you were drafting him hoping he would be a top 100 player, and he is. You know, funny enough, he started the season with, like, as as much, Meggitt's concerns as everybody else on the roster through his first five games. But after his past 4 games, he's seen 31 minutes a game. He's he's got some of the most consistent minutes on the whole team. And I think what he's been doing over the over that stretch has been pretty real. In terms of Zach Collins, I mean, I, you know, Collins has been injury risk in the past, but I I don't think you have to worry about something like they stop playing him next to when Benyama or anything like that. They're they're returning about the same value on the year. I don't think I necessarily prefer one over the other. I would give slight favor to Collins for what it's worth. Yeah. Slight favor, but I will get I let's forget this one. I would not think too hard about this one. Okay. Alright. Fair enough. Jalen Smith, somebody who I added in a league over the weekend. Thoughts on him. Should I consider looking elsewhere? This this question asker, Johnny says he's currently sitting in 2nd place in a 10 team 9 cat league. I feel like he might be able to do better in a 10 team league than Gerald Smith. Like I Yeah. Wasn't like I was you know, it wasn't it wasn't my first ad. I'm not even gonna use them this week because the Pacers have a a a 2 game week, and they don't have a 4 game week, like we just said, coming up until mid December. So take that into consideration. Hard to say who's available, but my my first thought is you could probably do better. I'm I'm shot. Yeah. I I think you absolutely can do better. It's important to note that he is shooting 70% from the field and 65% from 3 and seeing just 18 minutes a game. So when his shooting comes down, the points are coming down, and then he's gonna average, like, 8, you know, 8 points, 7 rebounds. And, you you're there's gonna be in 10 team league, there's gonna be plenty of other options for you. Is James Harden washed, rusty, or just that bad at sharing as freaky? Yeah. It's been been strange. Obviously, the Clippers have not looked good since James Harden came back. But Harden like, Harden's game is just so tailored to fantasy basketball as my voice is just completely going out on me here. He still ranks at the top 40 in per game value. Like, it it feels like it's been a disaster and, you know, the on court doesn't necessarily match up with with the fantasy value, but, you know, if you're just asking for, like, Harden specifically, I know he was going he was going in the fifties in the late drafts that I did Yeah. Like, a couple nights before the season started. So it feels like this has been, like, a worst case scenario start. He's still a top 40 guy. I I think you just hold that. I think it's gonna get better. Yeah. I mean, I is he is he washed, rusty, or bad at sharing? I mean, I you're talking about a 34 year old with recent leg injury issues that we all know doesn't take care of his body, and he's now on a team with, you know, 2 other fairly high usage guys in, Kawhi and Paul George. But as Nick pointed out, he's still putting up great fantasy numbers, even though it's only been 4 games. I will say the usage rates had only 19% after being like 30. That's kind of interesting to keep an eye on, but, I think he can I think he can be both all three of those things and yet still rank like top 40 in fantasy? Yeah. I I agree with you there. I I took him in the fifties in in one of my late drafts, and I'm I'm still happy with it. I think it's I think it's gonna be fine. I don't you know, if the Clippers make some sort of sweeping changes, if they keep losing, I think it's Russell Westbrook who who suffers more than Harden. Good question from Henry. Thoughts on Triple j. Super inconsistent. Blocks are lowered. Will he get better? I sure hope he does, because I I paid big money for him in an auction league where I need him to perform, like, closer to a top 20 guy instead of a top 50 guy. It has been really inconsistent. I mean, the bad nights, he's got he's got a 5 for 17. He had he was 3 for 15 last night against the Clippers. You know, the 3 point shooting has been very up and down. He's at 32% from the year. 83% at the line, though, which is nice because he's taken a lot. That's a big jump from last season. But, yeah, really the blocks, I think, are the issue here. Everything else is about in line with what you'd expect. But 3 blocks per game last season in 28 minutes. This season, he's playing closer to 32 minutes per game, and he's only at 1.8. So, yeah, it's it's a little concerning. I mean, he has not had a multi block game now in 4 straight. Yeah. I mean, I he's he's a bit of a inconsistent offensive player in general, but I think he's giving you what you were looking for on that side of the ball. As far as defense goes, I think it's important to note, like, how, you know, a block or a steal is something that happens, like, for a, you know, a player like Jackson, like, twice a game Mhmm. You know, a 100 possessions. So, like, he could he could just as easily next game next 3 games get 6 combined blocks or next 2 game. He could have 3 blocks next game, 3 blocks the next game, and then we're not even having a conversation about his blocks because then they're at 2.4 per game. Mhmm. So I I'm there's to me, it's it's, there's no worry there. Alright. We'll go rapid fire through a few more of these, and we'll be on our way out. Jaime Hawkins, can he be useful as a streamer? Will the heat be upping his usage? I I wouldn't expect a usage hike necessarily, but I I think, you know, we knew on DraftKings. Like, when he ended up there, we're like, this is this is the perfect heat guy. Like, I I think if he was on just about any other team, I I don't know that, you know, you trust them to develop him, correctly. But, you know, in a roundabout way, I I feel like he's benefiting from from Lowry and Hero, Mystic Diamond, and certainly Caleb Martin as well. I mean, like, Hock has he's technically a forward, but he can kinda do everything. And, you know, the heat the heat have such little depth at guard, especially point guard, that, you know, like, they kinda have to shift pieces around and, you know, you wouldn't necessarily think that Lowry and Hero being out is like a one to one correlation for Hawkes, but I I think it's opened things up for him. I I'd be comfortable streaming him. I mean, he's he's a really interesting player. He's, you know, he's played, 6 or 70 combined minutes over the last two games. Gives you a little bit of everything. You know, the steals numbers have been really good. Don't expect him to block shots. I I I don't think that's this is not really who he is. He's pretty undersized. You know, 3 point shooting is gonna be lower end. But, you know, to to answer the overall question, is he a streamer? Yes. They have a 3 game week this week, and then they play 4 the week after. So maybe that's the time to use him. He's absolutely worth the risk. And like Nick alluded to, the risk is just that last game, Kyle Lowry didn't play. The game before that, Jimmy Butler didn't play. So we have yet to see the heats sort of, like, full rotation without Tyler Herro. We kinda got that in the game that that Herro went down with injury, and and Hawkeyes played 21 minutes. But, yeah, he's worth the risk of of, you know, dropping somebody that's underperforming to to stream him. Is Buddy healed a hold in 12 team category leagues? Should I hold with a possibility that he will start in a new team? In a category league, yes. I I'm still I you know, I have a buddy healed, Stan, I guess. Sim. I don't know whatever word you wanna use. He's he's 7th in total made threes so far on the year. He's always I mean, he's in the top three basically every single year. He never misses time even with a reduced role. Like, I I I think by the end of the year, he's gonna be in the top 5. Nobody has made more threes than him, I think, other than Curry since he entered the league. Nobody's played more games than Buddy Hield since he entered the league. So you gotta live with the ups and downs. I know the, like, the trade thing is just kinda hanging over them, and it's kind of a weird situation. But, I I will say this. If you drop him in a 12 team league, somebody's gonna pick him up. Yeah. He's worth exactly like you said. You can keep him on your roster. You can play him on the 4 game weeks. Hopefully, he gets traded any starts. I will say though, if you're getting if you're in trouble fantasy wise, like if you're in a 12 teamer and you rank 11th Mhmm. You might have to drop him and and make some really aggressive waiver wire moves to start climbing up the standings depending on what's going on with your roster. Alright. Let's talk Orlando Magic. We got a few questions about Fultz and Jalen Suggs. Johnny asked, is Jalen Suggs worth rostering? We've got another question on Barkell Fultz. What's up with his injury? Should I drop or should I wait? There's another Suggs question in here somewhere, but, oh, yeah. It was Kobe White or Jalen Suggs. That one coming from Justin. So let's let's start on on Suggs, and we'll we'll start with the basic question. Is he worth rostering? Yes. I think his 2 steals per game, 2.1 steals per game, I guess, 0.6 blocks are legit. I know the the blocks are not really an increase from what he's done in the past. The steals are, but last time I checked, which is maybe about a week ago, he was like 2nd in the league in deflections. So the underlying stats with his steals suggest that he can continue to do this. His field goal percentage is not very good, but it it won't be. But, yeah, roster him for sure. Okay. And then thoughts on Fultz. I mean, we we we don't have any more injury news than anybody else. We we just report and aggregate the news. But, you know, Fultz has already been ruled out for tomorrow's game. That will be his 5th absence in the last 6. I I think they're just gonna kinda keep taking this game to game, but it's it's worth noting that they have a Tuesday, Wednesday back to back. So, you know, it might be something where they're already planning to bring him back Wednesday. Who knows? I I don't have, like, a ton of concerns here. I mean, it's a a little concerning that he was scratched when he was supposed to play on Saturday. And, you know, tendonitis is obviously something that could stem from from previous injuries, and and Foltz has had plenty of those. But, you know, in general, I guess, like, even just assuming he's healthy, you know, he's not off to a great start. It only played in in 5 games, but there's it's kind of a convoluted backcourt in Orlando overall. It is. Tendonitis is tough because it's a rest injury. Like, the only way for tendonitis to get better is just to not do anything. So he's just gonna have to sit until it hopefully feels better and then, you know, that sort of a thing. I think he's a hold, you know, because I I think he's a legitimate when he's healthy and going and he's playing 29, 30 minutes. He sees like a top 80 guy, but, if you're in a shallow league, I understand wanting to drop him. I would I would just have a little bit more patience. Okay. Yeah. I'm with you on that. Should I drop Dinwiddie, who we we talked about earlier? I think we're we're in drop territory with Dinwiddie. But should I drop him for someone like Jordan Hawkins or Dillon Brooks, Bilal Koulibaly, or Lonnie Walker? You know, Hawkins, I don't Trey Murphy's gonna be back soon. You know, he was he was at practice today, in fact. So I I think he could make his return in the next week or 2. I think that really hurts Jordan Hawkins. You know, Brooks has cooled off a little bit. Cool Volley. It's, you know, one really nice game. I think I think for every game he has, like he did yesterday, there's gonna be 7 or 8 that are just duds. So I I would not really pick up cool Volley. You could you could disagree on that if you want. I guess I I would probably take Brooks over Dinwiddie. None none of those options are super appealing. I mean, I guess Lonnie Walker too. I don't I don't really like any of those options. I I feel like you're in a fairly sharp league, to be honest, Nicholas, if you're, if those are really like your waiver wire options. I'm also trying to drop Dinwiddie in a league and it's I'm finding it very difficult just because it's a, you know, it's a 16 teamer and the options are even more thin. I don't think any of those guys that you mentioned, Hawkins, Brooks, Koulibaly, or Lonnie Walker are going to be necessary to roster, for most of the season, and I don't even think that their streaming value is is that good. You know, I can't blame you for dropping it for any of those guys. Like we mentioned before, I think Dinwiddie is droppable to stream the spot for guys in a 4 game week. So if any of those guys have a 4 game week, yes. I mean, sure. It's fine. Alright. Couple more here. Looking for steals in the category league. Robert Covington or Cam Reddish long term? Probably oh, man. I just I wish I wish Covington was playing more than 15 megs a game. At the same time, like, do we trust Regis to play much more than 15 minutes per game when everybody is healthy? Not really. I think Covington. I I think Covington's a better player than Cam Reddish, and their minutes when both rosters are healthy are probably the same. So I I technically, I guess, Covington. It's that's a that's a rough question. I gotta be honest. Well, I don't know if you heard Alex. Kelly Oubre got hit by a freaking car this weekend. So I think that helps Robert Covington at least over the next few weeks here. Yeah. Give me give me Covington. I mean, even in 15 minutes a game, he's still I mean, he had 4 straight games with multiple steals prior to yesterday against Indy. So, yeah, he's the more dependable player. He's the he's I mean, he has multiple seasons banked throughout his career in in Philly, Houston, Minnesota, Portland, you know, where he's been, like, you know, 1.3, you know, 1.3 blocks, 2.1 steals. You know, he's basically been, like, block and a half, steal and a half when the minutes are there. And even with Oubre out, I I don't think I don't think Kovac did play in 30 minutes. But if he could just get into, like, the low twenties, I I think he's gonna be a hell of a lot more dependable than Cam Reddish. Let's see. Do you think Jacopo will return to what he was projected as? Raptors invested so much in him. That comes from AMER. I I hope so. I actually I actually didn't get much of any, much or any of this year. So I've not I haven't been tracking this maybe as closely as others. But, yeah, I mean, the blocks are down. The the rebounds are down slightly. The minutes are down about 2 per game. Everything other than that I mean, it it's not like he's having a wildly disappointing season. But he he did play really well for Toronto after coming over from San Antonio last year. I I'm just not I'm not really sure. I mean, there's a a new head coach, you know, kinda new rotations without Fred VanVleet. You know, they they they kinda have to shake things up. You know, Precious Achuwa, had had missed some time. He was back in action yesterday against Boston, and, you know, that doesn't bode well for Pirtle. He only played 21 minutes. So, I think we just kind of have to adjust to expectations going forward. Like, still a guy who is rostered able to me and, you know, probably start able for lack of better options most weeks. But, you know, the dream of him being, like, the top 70 guy might be dead. I agree. I mean, when he was top seventy, that was a lot of like him playing with San Antonio. And they would hand him the ball and have him do dribble handoffs and he would get the fake you would get like fake assists. And that's just not really happening this year. And the minutes aren't there. Mhmm. Alright. Well, end on this one. It's a fun one. I currently have Curry, Maxey, Paul George, and McCall Bridges as my backcourt, and Claxton, Duran, Jared Allen, Mark Williams as my frontcourt. Okay. Not bad. I'm thinking about trading PG for Trae Young. What do you think? I think I would do that. I think so. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, well, you gotta your main concern has to be like, hey, do you have any forwards left? So assuming that your forward spot does not get completely destroyed by you making this trade, I would I would look to acquire Trae Young because he's not even shooting. Well, he's shooting 36% from the field, and he's still ranked 23rd in in a cat. So and Paul George's ceiling is not that high. Yeah. I mean, Paul George is off to a great start. I do think that's gonna come down, you know, obviously, with Harden being integrated and just, you know, having, like, 4 pretty big mouths to feed in that offense. And, yeah, like you mentioned with Trae Young, he's not even playing that well, and he's still having a great fantasy year. First, as slight as Trae Young is, he also, like, never misses time, and Paul George has missed more time than Kawhi Leonard since he's been with the Clippers. So that that would be my bigger concern is yeah. Maybe maybe we talk about Paul George as a sell high guy just because of the injury history. So, yeah, good point by you because Claxton, Duran, Alec Williams, like, all those guys are are centers first, so make sure you have the depth stuff figured out. But if you're if you're comfortable just making that deal 1 to 1, I think we agree we'd we'd both rather have Trae Young. Alright. We're gonna cut it off here. It's a fun 70 minutes. We appreciate everybody jumping in in the chat. These streams have been really fun, and they've they've been getting more fun, each week of the season. So, we hope that you'll stick with us. Try to offer you as much advice as we can. Go check out everything over at rotorwire.com/basketball. You can follow Alex on Twitter. You can follow me on Twitter as well. There are 2 Nick Whalen's in the fantasy space, by the way. So make sure it's the w h a one e n. I feel like I've just been, like, feeding this other Nick Whalen followers. But if you if you guys like our content, you know, like, subscribe, especially to the YouTube page. That helps us out a bunch. And, you know, go check out our sponsors as well, Rival, Vivid Seats, and Underdog. You can find all the information, in the bottom of the video description. So thank you everybody for listening along, and we'll be back at you next Monday.