Welcome into a Monday edition of the rotor wire fantasy basketball pod, Nick Whalen, Alex Barutha, hanging out with you for the next hour or so. You could check us out on the rotor wire fantasy basketball YouTube page. You could like subscribe. We appreciate both of those things. You could check us out live on Twitter as well. Appreciate all the comments, everybody hanging out as we do this live and everybody who listens on the archived audio version as well. Alex, so I want to, you know, talk about a little bit about the weekend, some of the big, fantasy storylines coming out of another busy, couple of days in the NBA. We will talk a little bit about the upcoming schedule. Of course, no games on Thursday. And then later in the pod, we'll turn it over, excuse me, to a live listener q and a, hitting on as many questions as we could get to. We we are finally at that point in the year, Alex, where, you know, I think, you know, basically a month in, you know, both teams have played, what, 13 games or so, that we can at least make some conclusions, about what we've seen so far. 1st few weeks of the year, there's so much variance. There's some guys in and out. But, you know, I I think for example, in the Eastern Conference, Boston, Philly, Milwaukee, Miami, those are the 4 teams at the top. That seems about right, and that'll change as things go along. You know? Orlando, New York, Indiana, those teams are right there. But it it does seem like, you know, we we have just enough of a sample now that, things are starting to standardize. Yeah. We're what? Like, 15% of the way through the season? Yeah. Yeah. And so, you know, you're able to see how how some of these teams look when they're healthy, when they're not healthy, they're playing some good teams, some bad teams. So like you said, this feels like an appropriate sample where we can start sort of projecting things out. And if someone's really hot, you know, that we weren't expecting to play that well or someone's really cold, now is the time where it's like you're approaching it's it's like panic time. It may be panic time for both of us in the rotor wire 16 team stake auction league, Alex. I I actually felt like I had a pretty good weekend. You know, I I played a lot of golf. I was traveling a little bit this weekend. You know, Saturday night, I'm I'm checking live. I was checking yesterday. I had a bunch of guys going, and I'm like, man, Laurie Barkin in 2 overtime game. He went off. This is gonna be great. I somehow lost ground in that league, man. We we we both need a miracle there. It is it is to the point, and I'm not I'm not proud to admit this on, you know, a live Internet stream. I picked up Andre Drummond off the way, bro. Wow. I you know what? I didn't pick anybody up, but I I won't lie. I clicked his name and see saw what he had been doing lately, and I'm like, you know? Yeah. You know? I mean, maybe I could drop Sexton. Maybe I could drop Alec Burks. Just kidding. No. I I can't actually because Rozier, Smart, and Anthony Simons are all out for me. So I'm getting getting absolutely crushed, which I know doesn't sound like a lot, but, you know, a 16 team auction where you Simons, man. That's so brutal. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's it's been bad for me. Yeah. I, I I'm really lagging behind in field goal percentage in that league, partially because Damian Lillard yeah. Even though he's strung together some nice games, I think he's gonna be fine long term. Like, he's shooting under 40%. Jared Jackson, we'll talk about him in a bit. My goodness. That's looking like a a massive blunder by me to to pay up for him in the auction. Yeah. Siakao, marketing, those guys are back on track. They're both shooting close to 50%. I don't really have any complaints there, but, you know, I I kinda thought I'd be in much better shape field goal percentage wise, which was why I drafted, like, Malik Monk and Gary Trent. These guys who, you know, you expect to kinda hover around 40%. And now with some of the injuries and and the way that the position eligibility and the schedule breaks down this week, it's like I've desperately tried to gain ground if you'll go percentage, and yet I'm starting 2 of the worst field goal percentage, high volume truckers in the NBA. So, yeah, we got some work to do there. We'll we'll keep you guys posted if we could crawl out of our early holes in that league. But we appreciate everybody joining us already in the chat. I we'll take a couple questions, you know, early on. We'll do a full q and a over the second half, but, this is an interesting one because it it leads into a team that I wanna talk about. 12 team, 9 category league, Prince Fountain asks, what do you do with PJ Washington and Gordon Hayward? We've talked a ton about the Hornets on the show, just because they're they're a team that has a lot of variance with this roster. Obviously, they brought back Miles Bridges on Friday. He played a couple of games over the weekend. And, you know, we saw PJ Washington's minutes drop off against Milwaukee on Friday, went from, you know, normally playing in, like, the 32 to 35 range to 26. The Hornets also just got their their doors blown off, and that one was basically over by the end of the Q3. So I I don't put a lot of stock into that either way. I mean, pretty pretty dramatically poor games for both Washington and Hayward. I I'm not really sure how to handle this though, because both of them, like, the minutes were there. Right? I mean, Washington went 2 of 13 from the field, over the Hornets, 2 games over the weekend. And Gordon Hayward had similar numbers, you know, went 2 of 16 from the field. So, you know, where do we come in on, you know, the addition of Miles Bridges versus just a, you know, random kind of 2 game variants for for Hayward and Washington? Yeah. So minutes wise, it was Maladon didn't play. You know, that that saved some minutes. And JT Thor saw saw some, you know, garbage time during the Milwaukee game, played a little bit more with Nick Richards out against the Knicks. Yeah. I mean, the Gordon Hayward one is the most, concerning partially because he hasn't scored double digit points in his last 3 games. Also has 6 total assists in his past 3 games. Mhmm. And you and I deaf we're cautioning people. Look. He he's gonna lose usage to bridges, and he's gonna get hurt, and it's gonna be a concern. Washington I mean, sometimes PJ Washington just shoots, like, one for 10. He's not really a consistent guy. Like, he'll score 4, then he'll score 16. Mhmm. So the fact that he over you know, because he had 4 points on 1 of 8, then he goes for 32 on 23 shots, and then, you know, 3 shots, 10 shots. It's just Mhmm. He's probably droppable, but I would maybe hang on another week just to kinda see what happens. Yes. I mean, Gordon Hayward was awesome early in the year. If you if you roster him and started him for those 1st 2 weeks, like, congratulations. That might be the best 2 weeks of the season. It's really tough to say for sure, though, because of Rozier. You know, that's another, what, 28 to 33 minute guy who's just out right now. And, you know, so many of these players for Charlotte Bridges, Hayward, Washington, even Brandon Miller, we'll talk about in a sec. All those guys could play multiple positions. So there's not really a one to 1, like, alright, Rozier's back. Now player x loses minutes. Like, I I think a combination of Hayward and Miller both losing time is probably most realistic. You know, maybe LaMelo loses a couple of minutes, but he's, you know, he's playing 36, 38 minutes a lot of nights. They don't really have a ton of obvious depth at either guard spot behind Rozier and LaMelo Ball. Yeah. I don't you don't really worry about Maladon or, you know, Bryce McAllan's guys like that. You know, in conjunction with this, Free Key, asked, you know, how do you think Brandon Miller, specifically, his minutes will turn out when everyone is healthy? And again, this is somebody that's tethered in in a lot of ways to Jerry Rozier. We saw Brandon Miller, you know, have one really nice game against the Knicks on Saturday, 29 points on 10 of 15, 5 of 7 from 3. He's had a couple big games. He had the I think it was the 3rd game of the year against Brooklyn. He had, like, 22 and 9. For the most part, he's he's just been kinda sitting in that, like, 10 to 15 point range. I I think I mean, he'll continue to have nights like this every now and then, but I I don't think I don't think what we saw on Saturday is, like, an unlocking of Brandon Miller. Like, I think if anything, I'm even more skeptical of him going forward with Bridges back and once Rosier's back than I was coming into the year when I, you know, I was curious to to see what he would look like. I I I ultimately don't think he's going to be a great fantasy player in year 1. The players like him typically aren't. No. You know, yeah, he had a nice game against the Knicks like you mentioned. Caught some lobs. Was good in transition. Caught fire from 3. It was just a great game for him. It's best game of his career, maybe except the one against Brooklyn earlier. But regardless, yes. I mean, the encouraging thing is that in both of these past two games, he has been over 20 usage. That's good. That's where really what you're looking for. Like, if someone if Miller can continue playing 30 minutes a game and get 20% usage, he's gonna be fine to roster. But, honestly, the point you're making about Rozier, I think, is is really, is really important because Rozier is like a 25 usage guy. And, yeah, he's gonna steal minutes from some guys at the end of the bench who aren't playing that well, but it's just gonna be fewer shots for for Miller who I it's it's just gonna be tough for him to see enough touches. I wanna talk about Orlando, Alex, as far as an early seasoned, you know, team that's off to a good start. They've won 4 of their last 5, 3 in a row, beat the bulls back to back Wednesday Friday, and then a a really impressive win over Indiana yesterday. The final score does not do it justice. I mean, it it was 128, 116. Orlando was doubling up Indiana, at one point early in this game. Like, when I when I first checked the box score, like, in the middle of a a football Sunday, it was, like, 7436 Orlando. You know, in Indiana, they're still a team that's prone to some variance, especially if Tyrese Alberton isn't rolling. But, you know, I I think we can we can quibble about how much it means to to, you know, to be a team like Chicago, but I thought that was a really impressive win over Indiana. You know, they beat the Bucks pretty handily, a couple of weeks ago as well. They have a win over the Lakers. They have a win over a an approved Houston team. My question is, like, are are the Magic team that we have to discuss for you know, could they get the 5, 6 seed in the east, or do you are they still a team that probably falls back into that play in conversation? I I think they could get that that spot in the east because I think, you know, Milwaukee's really picked up their play lately, got a very good win over Dallas. You know, obviously, they're still kind of part of tier 1 even though they've they've struggled a bit. So if you just operate under the assumption that it's like Celtics, 70 sixers, bucks for the top 3 seed, I think the rest of the conference is fairly up in the air. Like, I don't think they're as good as the Knicks or the Hawks or the Cavs, but they're in maybe, I guess, the 3rd tier of the east sort of fighting for that 6th spot, that final playoff spot. And I wouldn't be too surprised if they got it. Now it would be great if they could get Markelle Fultz back, and Wendell Carter Junior obviously has also been out, so that's a problem. But if both of those guys can come back sooner than later, I I feel even better about them and because they're already 85. Yeah. You're you're right. I mean, we could say that, you know, though, that they're hurt by the Fultz and and Wendell Carter absences, and they absolutely are. But to be 85 without those guys, I think, makes me feel even better about them in the long term. Ultimately, you know, like, what I what I bet that they finish higher in the standings of the Cavs, No. I I think the Knicks probably pass them up as well. I think that Knicks team is built to be a really good regular season team again. But, you know, Orlando, Indiana, Atlanta, and, you know, probably Toronto is is the other team that I would throw into that next year. And, you know, there's those are the teams that I think will be battling for 7, 8, 9, 10 in the Eastern Conference. Yeah. I think Chicago's on the way down. Charlotte's been a disaster. Obviously, Washington and Detroit. I mean, Kate Cunningham basically came out and said today that, yeah, we're a bad team. We need to accept that we're bad and and figure out how to get better. We can't be lying to ourselves, which I I appreciate the self awareness there. But, yeah, I think the way that the east is is breaking down right now, Orlando clearly looks like they've they've leveled up from last year. Ultimately, you know, probably a team that pushes for low low forties in terms of wins. But, you know, a team that should be better once they get those guys back. I mean, I I know you had a note in in something we were working on this morning about Anthony Black who has had to pick up some minutes, you know, with Markelle Fultz out. Hasn't been great so far for Anthony Black. No. I, yeah. He's with Fultz out, you mentioned it. He's been he's been playing extra minutes. I think Suggs missed a previous game as well, 2 games ago. So, I look. Suggs just he's shooting 30, like, over his past, what, 5 games, the starts that he's that he's had 5 in a row, 32% from the field Yeah. More turnovers than assists. It's 4 points. I think it's just he is not someone who projects well, first of all, he's not someone who projects good for fantasy at all, period. But he's also not someone that projects to be good as a rookie because he can't shoot, and he's on a team with a bunch of other bad shooters, and he's only 19. So, you know, he's not someone I'd be looking at in terms of, like, fantasy wise. But the fact that they're playing him, someone who's struggling this much, they're playing him 20, 25 minutes. They're starting him, and it's still working out for Orlando is is pretty impressive. Yeah. Yeah. We mentioned Detroit as a team that's off to a slow start. I I don't think that really changes. You know, I think this is a team that had some some interesting pieces, and obviously the emergence of Asar Thompson has been a lot of fun. And I think for the most part, you know, Kade just looked like the guy that we thought he'd be even with the slow start shooting. But, you know, Jaden Ivy's taken a big step back and, you know, I think they've really been impacted by the absence of Jalen Duran these last few games as well. He is questionable to play tonight. So they're they're leaving the door open as they have of late, but he's missed 4 in a row. He's missed 6 games already overall. We got a question in the chat. Claxton or Duran going forward, which is an interesting one. I think you could kind of play either side here. I give slight lean to Claxton because I want the blocks, but, but what say you? If if if Duran was healthy and we knew he was healthy, I would pick Duran because I they have also the the Pistons have shown more willingness to play Duran, like, 30 to 36 minutes. Mhmm. And he can get a double double when he's passing as well. But the fact that he can't seem to shed this ankle injury gives me some concern. I think I would still lean Duran. But, again, like Nick said, if you want the blocks, you have to go with with Claxton. Yeah. Duran, obviously, if you need the rebounds, that's the way you lean. But, you know, Claxton's been fairly disappointing so far, but the blocks have been there. And, you know, really, that's what you're chasing more than anything. He's got multiple blocks in in 4 of his 5 appearances so far and is, you know, dragged down by by missing a couple weeks early on. Realistic trade target for Jordan Clarkson. That is interesting. I like this question. I mean, Clark, if you streamed Clarkson last week, perfect, that hit about as well as it possibly could have. I was watching I watched that entire son's jazz game last night without the sound. So, you know, it was a little bit, you know, focusing more on football. Even by Jordan Clarkson standards, some of the shots that that man was taking, my goodness, you know, got got blocked into what turned into, like, a fortuitous rebound for them to force a double overtime, against the Suns last night. He's feeling himself right now. There's no question about that. And, you know, Markkanen is still the guy. I don't know if Clarkson knows that. There were a lot of possessions where I thought Markkanen probably should have gotten the ball, did not get a touch. But, you know, we go we go through this every year with Jordan Clarkson, and you you kinda ride it while you can. I mean, there's times where he can he can look like a top 70 fantasy guy for a week or 2 at a time, but I also totally understand wanting to sell high here. Yep. Obviously, difficult for us to say what you need or or whatnot, but, I mean, do you do you think you could get a bonafide, like, top 90 guy right now for Clarkson? Well, you you said he can look like a top 70 guy. Over the past 2 weeks, he is ranked 32nd in, 8 cap value. Yeah. It's it's Jordan Clarkson time. Yeah. The man is on 1. I mean, look. Past 5 games, he's taking 22 shots a game, with, 5 free throw attempts as well. The the move of Keontae George into the starting lineup has just honestly ended up in, like, Jordan Clarkson balling out more. Yes. Because Keontae George is is setting him up a lot. Yeah. Look. Like, he he's ranked 94th this season. I think if you can get a top oh, man. Like, top 75 player form, I would do it. I think there also has to be some concern about, like, are they gonna try to trade him? And then does he end up being a 6th man somewhere? And realistically speaking, like I mentioned, he's taking 22 shots a game. He's shooting. He's 50 4090 over the past 5 games. Like Yep. For his career, he's, like, you know, 4333385. Yeah. Yeah. The vehicle percentage always comes back around with Clarkson. You know, the turnovers could be there if you're in a league. I mean, I I think you're spot on, though. You said what I was gonna bring up, which is I think the fact that he's starting specifically next to Abhaji and Keatay George is huge because, like, Keatay George is a little more willing to shoot, but he's still he's still a passer first and doesn't he's not really comfortable, you know, launching a ton of shots. Abhaji took one shot in 34 minutes last night of a double overtime game. You know, like Jordan Clarkson is in a perfect situation right now where he can kinda be, in his mind, the code number 1 next to mark it in. And you're right. I would worry about a trade. I mean, last year, he kinda got shut down at the end, you know, when the Jazz went into a late tank. So that's another concern as well. You know, if you could trade him for I don't know. What like, a I'm looking to, like, kinda similar players ranking him. Like, would you trade him for, like, Josh Giddey if if you could get that? He ranks a head of Giddey on the year. I would I would definitely trade him for Giddey. Yeah. I don't For sure. Right. I don't know if somebody would make that deal. I mean, like, what about Keegan Murray or, Shane Sharp, guys like that? Eric Gordon? I actually I would not for Sharp or Murray. Because to me, Murray you know, Keegan Murray, Shagan Sharp, and Jordan Clarkson are, like, very similar stats wise for fantasy. They're not similar players, but for fantasy, they're kinda just giving you points in threes. And, you know, I I have worries about Sharp, honestly, when everyone else comes back. Is it possible for Dyson Daniels to retain value once CJ McCollum and Trey Murphy are healthy? I would say no. I I've not I haven't been thrilled with with Daniels so far. I mean, obviously, we barely saw any of him last year. So, you know, it's kind of his rookie season in some ways. The minutes have been there of late. I mean, he's playing he's playing, like, almost shade sharp minutes over the last week. Like, he started he's playing started 6 in a row, played 37 minutes the other night against Minnesota. You know, the assist of the steals are what you're really chasing there. He's actually been rebounding pretty well, in addition to that. But, you know, they're they're getting Jose Alvarado back in addition to McCollum and Murphy at some point. And I I think Daniels will still be a part of the rotation, but, I mean, before he went down, McCollum was playing 36, 37 minutes. Like, he's their point guard. They need him out there. And I I think Trey Murphy is a 25 to 30 minute guy. You know, maybe we see a little bit more of, like, Herb Jones sliding down. So, yeah, I I I don't think Dyson Daniels would be startable in, like, a 12 team league once those guys are healthy. No. I don't I don't think so. Because before those guys were hurt, he was averaging, like, 7, 4, and 3, which is like, if you're on a 16 team league, I guess you can have him on your bench. But even with this recent stretch of games where he's been starting, he still only ranks a 120th on the year. So to me, that's like his very, very ceiling when everyone is healthy. And at that point, he's just not worth rostering. Yeah. And, you know, Alvarado, cool guy. You know, he's kind of a meme type of player, but, I mean, he was playing 15, 20 minutes a night off their bench. Like, I don't I don't think he's just gonna come back and be collected DNP. Like, I think he is a real threat to minutes there. And, yeah. I mean, Daniels, if you're in a deeper league, maybe hang on to him. But I I think barring McCollum's injury, you know, being something that spans another month, I would be looking to to probably sell him rather than hold. Let's see. I wanna talk, you know, some more big picture stuff, Alex. Bradley Beal, you know, we we got a a pretty rough update on Beal over the weekend. You know, not only is he, you know, gonna miss additional time, but they're ruling him out now for at least 3 more weeks. So that puts Bradley Beal out until mid December. I was actually pretty high on Beal relative to cost. I I thought people had backed off enough and, you know, especially in, like, the auction leagues that I did, I I thought, you know, James got him in in the state league, and I I remember telling him, like, that's a great buy, man. Good value. It it's not gonna be a lost year for Beal. Like, I I still think he could be a decent player, but we started to see these last couple years, you know, in Washington. I I think it went under the radar that he missed, like, 40 plus games in back to back years. And now here we are again, where if he comes back, let's say, you know, December 15th, it's like you're almost kinda restarting the clock on him reintegrating with Durant and and Devin Booker. And to me, I mean, he's we already knew he'd be the number 3, but I I think given these circumstances, like, he could be a a distant third option. Yeah. I mean, the I mean, you could get him in some leagues that pick, like, 75, which to me was, like, how you how you turn this down, you know, because you're like, most other picks are shooting for upside. Like, there's people drafting, like, Zach Collins at 75. You can get Bradley Beal there. Yeah. I mean, part of the issue here is, like, it's annoying that they labeled this injury as soreness, and then he plays a few games and now it's a strain. Like, did it was it ever healthy in the first place? Did they just tell him, like, look, you gotta try and see how you feel? I again, like, if you drafted him, the good thing is that if you drafted him, you probably got him somewhere between like 5575. So it's not pro it's not destroying your team. I think you're able to recover from it, but it is, it is frustrating. Another early season trend I wanna discuss, Alex. LeBron James looking much like LeBron James that we've seen for the last 20 years, yet again, last night, you know, put up a huge game to to hold off a a late rally by the Houston Rockets. 35 and 37 points for LeBron in 2 games over the weekend. He's missed one game so far due to maintenance. He's played in 13 of 14. On balance, he is the number 7 overall player in total value so far this season. Is there any consideration to sell high on LeBron based on the the injuries that he suffered midseason the last couple of years? I've always kinda been in the camp that those are they're somewhat fluky. You know, it's like, I don't really think his body's breaking down. It's more like, alright. Solomon Hill dove into his leg or his, you know, his ankle bent in a weird way. Like, I don't it's it's hard to say because, obviously, right now, the last thing you wanna do is punt on somebody who's given you 35, 8, and 8 every night. But would you would you consider pivoting to a a safer option health wise? Abs I absolutely, I would, actually. Because some of his like, I don't think he's gonna keep shooting like Miami heat LeBron because he's 59% from the field, 40% from 3. We saw so many times throughout last year how bad his 3 point shooting was. It's possible as free throw percentage bumps back up a little bit, but really, again, 1.7 steals and 0.8 blocks for a 38 year old is pretty crazy. And so you combine what I think will be just normal regression, not not to mention his usage rate's actually down 4% almost compared to last year, which is a lot. Normal regression combined with the fact that he's 38. Maybe there will be father of 3. Maybe there will be rest days on the horizon. Maybe he will get hurt. He was this well, let's stick on the injury report for, like, 2 years straight. Right? Yeah. So I would sell high if I could get, like, basically any any first round projected player in return. Mhmm. Like, let let me ask you this. Maybe this is too low, but I I'm curious. If you had LeBron and someone offered you Tyrese Maxey for him, would you do that? They rank they rank right next to each other right now in, in 8 cap value. I didn't even look. I just, I, I know it was just pure vibes. Maxi's 8 LeBron is 7. I, you know, it would, it would kind of depend on what I need in some ways, but yeah, I, I think I would take Maxi. I think I would. I mean, there, there is that lingering fear though that the sixers make a trade and bring in LaVine, and all of a sudden, you know, Maxey really loses it. But you're contrasting that with the fear that LeBron gets hurt and misses 20 games at some point, and and Maxey doesn't really have that track record yet. So, yeah. I mean, I I think I'd probably wait a couple more weeks and try try to time it out when I think LeBron's gonna get hurt. But no. That's, yeah, that's a a kind of a wild question, but a totally fair one. And I think if you want the stability and you're, you know, you're doing well in your league right now, then, yeah, I I think I I think you could you could survive the, you know, the short term dip under the expectation that LeBron plays closer to 65 games and 75 games. Alright. We'll hit some of these questions in a moment. We gotta pass along a message from our friends at Underdog. Underdog Fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball, and DFS player pickup contest. If you have not tried Underdog yet, new users get a first time deposit bonus up to a $100 and a free 6 month subscription to our site, rotawire.com. You just gotta use the promo code, RW NBA. That's RW NBA. Go to underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today and use that promo code RW NBA to claim your free rotor wire subscription and that $100 deposit deposit match. Vivid Seats. The NBA season is underway on behalf of our friends at vivid seats. Let's get one thing clear. Nothing beats seeing your favorite team crushing on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans, every dunk, dribble, and heart pounding play from your favorite team live and in person. And because vivid seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled rewards all season long. Plus, they have a 100% buyer guarantee, so you could be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today and use promo code rotor wire for $20 off your first $200 purchase. That code is rotor wire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase, download the app or visit vividseats.com, vividseats, experience it live. Alright. We thank everybody for all the questions right away. We will start hitting as many of these as we can. Marquise Walker, Alex asked, 10 team points league. He's looking for a streamer this week. Daniel Gafford, Dario Saric, Jaden Ivy, or Ben Matherin. So I would want to I'm gonna say I have to look it up. We're gonna have to see what their schedules are. I got the schedules up. Okay. Anybody who is on a 4 game week, I think aren't the Pistons only on a 2 gamer? Yes. So cross off Jade Ivy. They're on a 2 game week. Don't pick him up. Yeah. What's the what's the what what the other game situations look like? So the wizards are on a 4 game week, and the Suns are on a 4 game week. The Pacers are on a 3 game week. So I would narrow it down to Gafford and Saric, for that reason. And I I'd probably give lean to Gafford, in that situation. Although, you know, in a points league, maybe there's more of a case for Saric. Do you have a strong lean between those 2? I think I would go Gafford, just because I'm pretty high in the blocks upside, and his minutes have been more consistent lately. Saric it's possible Saric has a a big game. I mean, I like them as a waiver wire pickup this week, but, I he hasn't delivered, like, a ton, so I I would go Gafford. Yeah. Gafford last 5 games, 10 points, 8 rebounds, 1.2 assists, 1.2 steals, 1.4 blocks. And he has a 3 and a 4 block games sprinkled in there. He also has some 0 block games that's bringing that down a little bit. But, yeah, I would lean Daniel Gafford. Emerson says he has Walker Kessler in his IL spot. Should he keep him? Yes. Absolutely. Definitely, yes. I know he's gonna be out another week, which is disappointing, but he also returned to contact work. So he's moving in the right direction. Like, I I don't think this was a major setback. I think they were just a little aggressive on that initial timetable. You know, didn't didn't really light it up when he was healthy, but the minutes were down a little bit. I I think that comes around. I mean, he was such a dominant shot blocker last season. I I think he can get back to the player that he was. Yeah. I mean, the the the field goal percentage he was playing through a sprained elbow. So, you know, some of his shots were his attempts were not as, that he's playing with a sprained elbow. He's not gonna shoot that well. But, yeah, his his his last four games before he got hurt, he had multiple blocks in all of them. Mhmm. And so that's something I like to emphasize too. Like, you talked about Jaren Jackson at the top of the show, kind of regretting where you bought in on Jackson. Blocks and steals are incredibly variable stats. Like, a guy will go a week with, like, you know, 2 total blocks because it's something that happens in on 1 or 2 possessions a game for a guy. So don't freak out about Kessler averaging 2 blocks when he thought he was gonna average 2a half. Yeah. I mean, he had almost a 9% block rate last year, which is ultra, ultra elite. You know, anything over, like, 7 is, like, really, really, really good. And you compare that to, like, Anthony Davis who was, like, 5% last year. It still blocked a ton of shots. Right? So, yeah, Walker Kessler was that much better as a shot blocker. And, yeah, good note by you on the injury. I I think once he's back at full strength, we'll see the Walker Kessler from last year. Paul asks, should I trade Chris Paul and Kavant Looney for James Harden? Big time yes for me. I I would want the hard inside of this one 10 out of 10 times. Yeah. Chris Paul Chris Paul and Looney are like, you can almost find that sort of production off the wire. I don't know how shallow your league is. I know Shannon, you know, Shannon and Ken are in an NFBKC league together, and they were kinda debating. Now this was before Curry got hurt Mhmm. Before Draymond suspension, but they were kinda debating. Do I do we drop Chris Paul? You know? Because he was averaging, like, before before the past 3 games, he's averaging, you know, 8 points, 7 assists, a steal and a half in 27 minutes. I don't think you drop him, but, of course, yeah, depth of him. You gotta take hard in. Wildly interesting question and very prescient. Buddy healed Orsanti Aldama. What? Man, for the week ahead, so Memphis plays where where are they on my list here? I think they have a 4 game week, if I remember correctly. No. They have a 3 game week, and Indiana has a 3 game week as well. So if we're talking just for 1 week, it's kind of a wash. I mean, you you know I'm an undying Buddy Healed supporter, Alex, but it you know, it's been even more up and down than I expected of late. He only played 15 minutes, yesterday against Orlando. Of course, that was a game that turned into a laffer early. But, you know, prior to this latest 2 game stretch, he did average almost 4 made threes per game over his last 6. So I I think there's going to be there's gonna be more peaks and valleys than there's been in years past. But is is there a real case for Aldama here? I would prefer Aldama. Okay. Because I think you could probably stream like, buggy heels has been so inconsistent, and they're not, you know, committed. It clearly not committed to playing him, like, 30 minutes a game, which is what I think he'll needs to be fantasy and relevant for the most part. Aldama, of course, like, it's easy to say Aldama after he just came off of, like, 28, 126 with 2 steals on 27 shots against the, the Celtics. But they're playing them at a small forward. And, like, Memphis's rotation is god awful, not helped by the fact that, like, Smart's out now. So I would I would lean Aldama. Yeah. And I, you know, I think there's the the prospect of, like, Xavier Tillman coming back. He's been dealing with this kinda on and off knee issue. You know, if when he plays, Aldama tends to see a few fewer minutes, but I don't really think it's that big of an impact. So, yeah, I I think for the time being, like, if they're both available to you, you you probably ride Aldama, over the course of the full season. I I think I'd still prefer healed, but short term, it's it's hard not to lean Aldama. Alright. What to do with Scoot Henderson? I know somebody else asked earlier, how long is he out? We have no real information on that. You know, they said I think it was 10 days ago, they said that he would be out 2 more weeks. So it's entirely possible that he could come back at some point this coming week. You know, there hasn't been any news of him, like, returning to practice or anything like that. Blazers are off tonight. They play Tuesday, Wednesday, and a back to back. You know, almost never do you see a player, like, miss the first half of a back to back and play in the second. So he's probably missing at least 2 more games. So you'd be looking at maybe sometime next week. We we do get a a decent indication, though, or at least we should because the blazers have a 4 game road trip starting on Sunday. So if he travels with the team, that means he's close and could return. If he doesn't travel with the team, then you're probably looking at, the couple more weeks. Yeah. If this question is sort of ask like, if you have an IR spot, you just hang on to Scoot. That's that. Bug, if you're in, like, a shallow category league and you don't have an IR, you you know, I know we're kind of dipping into the weeds. I think he'd be a fine drop, especially if you are losing like, if you're really struggling in your league, like, if you're in a 10 teamer and you're in 7th and you have Scoot filling up one of your 4 bench spots or something, like, it's not gonna I don't think it's gonna kill you because you just gotta get points now. And I don't think he's gonna be great for categories. Skyler Bays or Keontae George? We we got Shannon and Ken and I have gotten a bunch of these questions. So I I'll lean to you. My my gut was Keontae for the full season value. Oh, yeah. Full season, I would definitely go Keontae George. You know, with Portland, it it not only depends on Scoot Henderson, but also Malcolm Brogdon, who's kind of a more day to day situation. You know, didn't play on Sunday, is now missed 5 in a row. When he comes back, I think that immediately cuts into Skyler Bays. So if you're if you're just looking at this week, I I think I would prefer Skyler Bays, but I I do think that comes to an end sooner than George. Just the thing with George is, like, the assists are great. You know, he's given you, like, 8, 9 a game over the last couple weeks. He's He's shooting 30%, and he's taken a decent amount of shots, so it actually is kinda hurting your field goal percentage. He's not really giving you steals, so it's it's really just how much do you need the assists when it comes to him, and are are you willing to stomach the field goal percentage? Yeah. If it's better in a points league, I I will say I mean, just the I think the boy you have to consider is, like, how many guys in the NBA, not just on the waiver wire? How many guys in the NBA project to average, like, 7 assists for the rest of the season? Basic there's very few players, and George is one of those guys now. Yep. Very true. Let's see. Should I drop Ahmed Thompson? He's currently in my IL spot. I think you can be it's it's annoying because I think I think our men could be as good as a SAR, like, but he's just not getting the minutes. Even before he got hurt, he was barely, you know, he couldn't he reached 20 minutes twice. I they're playing so well without him. I'm not gonna say he's not gonna be in the rotation or something, but they have a lot of mouths to feed, and he's just not Yep. A massive priority for them right now. Yeah. I mean, biologically, he should be able to be just as good as the star top. So there's literally no question about that. But no. You're right. And, you know, they also, you know, they didn't have Tar Easton when he was healthy. You know, Cam Whitmore's still not in the rotation, but he's kinda hanging out there. Like, Jayshawn Tate's been playing a little bit more. Yeah. There's you could argue that there's, like, more resistance now than there was when he was initially playing before he got hurt. So, you know, like, if you have nobody else injured right now, there's no real harm, I guess, in keeping him in that spot. But if you have another player that you wanna move there, I would say you're pretty, pretty safe, you know, dropping a men Thompson. And I don't think anybody's gonna scoop him up immediately. Let's see. What do you guys project Trey Murphy's value once he returns? Interesting question. I mean, obviously, New Orleans, we we talked earlier about some of the the variables with with McCollum and Murphy themselves being out. Larry Nance is out right now. You know, they've added Jordan Hawkins to the mix. You know, obviously, Dyson Daniels, you know, being hurt for all of last year. He was kinda out of the mix as well. I'm I'm a pretty big Trey Murphy guy. I I I think that, you know, he could hit the ground running and be a big time contributor. I mean, he was he was cutting into Herb Jones minutes last year, and I was saying a lot because I I think they have a lot of trust in Herb Jones. Got to 31 minutes a game, was basically an every night starter, but a big part of that season came without Zion Williamson. So to me, that's the that's the single biggest variable is, okay, what does a Trey Murphy playing alongside Zion look like? Yeah. Ingram and Zion combined failed to play 82 games last year, so there was increased usage for Murphy. Now McCollum's out with this sort of a thing. Like, he was he ranked the he got you, like, 8th round value, last year, and I think you can project him for about the same, if not a little more. You know, again, it depends on some of the injuries and he's gonna develop too. He's young, but I would say, like, maybe 8th round value. Yeah. I think that's really fair. It you know, his his value is so closely tied to 3 pointers. Right? I mean, 2.6 made threes per game last year over 40%, which I don't think is an anomaly. I mean, he was an incredibly efficient shooter in college at Virginia. So that was kind of expected. I mean, I honestly, I was surprised to the the degree to which it translated right away even in his rookie season. So, you know, somebody that you're definitely targeting for threes above all. And, you know, I think that's the that's the category to monitor with him. You know, I wouldn't really worry about anything else other than is he giving you those high volume threes. Alright. We've talked to talked a little bit about Duran already. You know, he's still game to game. We have really no idea there. Kessler, I think he'll be back in about a week and a half. And then our question asker also, asked about Cam Thomas and when he'll be back. Yeah. I mean, that one is seeming like it's somewhere between day to day and week to week at this point. You know, they said he's gonna miss 2 weeks on November 9th. It's been 11 days. So, you know, technically, he could be back on on Wednesday. I there's not really been many indications that he's all that close. My guess is that we see Camp Jomas at some point next week. Yeah. I mean, that's sort of, that's sort of the vibe. I saw another question earlier that we didn't get to about what we think he's going to what his production is gonna be like now that Cam Johnson is also back. You know, to me, I still think he'll be like a top 80 guy. I would be shocked if they bring him, you know, like, lower than 25, 26 minutes a game. You know, like Lonnie Walker has been good for them, but it's just Thomas has to be the priority there, off the bench for them, assuming he comes off the bench. Cool aid Trippin asks, where are you guys with Onyeka Kungwu? He's not showing much improvement and not taking advantage of his minutes. Maybe he's not the future center of this team. I will take any excuse to talk about Kungwu, because I I I'm just dying for him to eventually take over that spot. But, you're not wrong. I mean, it's kind of the same story as last year where he's he's, you know, basically glued into, like, 19 to 22 minutes every single night. You know, the blocks have have come and gone a little bit, but for the most part, that's been there. You'd you'd certainly like to see a little bit more from him. I mean, right now, he's, like, barely even rosterable, in a lot of leagues. Is it gonna take a Capella injury at this point? I think maybe it was wishful thinking on my part that, you know, getting rid of John Collins would actually open anything up for a kung fu. I think a Capella injury or a trade, you know, they were it seemed like they're willing to experiment a little bit more with a kung fu, a power forward because they were having them launch so many threes in preseason. Bug in the regular season, it's translated to a Baga 3 a game, and I he's not really sharing the court with Capella. You know, per 36 minutes or per minute, Capella or excuse me. Okang Woo still is like a top 60 player. So if he if if he does get the minutes, he will produce. But, at some point, it's like, again, if you're in a situation where you're not doing well in your league, there's just any given week, there's guys, you can stream in instead of having Okongo on your roster. Yeah. I think we're at the point with him where you're gonna need a Capella injury. And if that happens, you're gonna regret dropping him, and you're gonna want to make sure you pay up for him in Fab. You know, 18 games last season when he started, he averaged 10 points, 9 rebounds, 1 steal, 2 blocks, 58% from the field, in 32.2 minutes. Like, whatever Capella is out, I I he's he's a guy that you absolutely want in the lineup, but I think for the time being, as long as Capella is healthy, you know, there's no no real need to concern yourself. Marquise asks, Walker Kessler and Wendell Carter on waivers in a 10 team points league. Is it worth picking up and stashing either of those guys? He has Murphy and Scoot in his IR spots right now. I I would much rather have Kessler than Scoot. Yeah. I'm a 100%. 100% with you. Is interesting. Like, I I do think Scoot's gonna come around. Like, I I don't think he's just gonna be horrible the entire year. And, like, the minutes are gonna be there. The Blazers are gonna be bad. Like, I I don't think they're ever gonna, like, go away from him. So I would I mean, I I think I would rank those 4 guys. Kessler 1, Murphy 2, Scoot 3, Carter 4. You could you could flip flop those last 2 for me. Yeah. I in a so in a category league, I would I would no question drop Kessler for Scoot. It's a little it's a little different than a points league. So yes. Other way around. In a points league, I want sorry in a category league. I prefer Kessler, over Scoot for sure. In a points league it's closer because you know, points and assists are worth so much in points league that like usage drives value in points leagues. Mhmm. And if Scoot's gonna see 30 minutes and have 25 usage, I can't be surprised if yes, he does average more points, fancy points per game than than Kessler. Carter junior and Trey Murphy to me are a wash. So, I mean, it is actually tough in a points league. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Fair question. I mean, it's a good question. It is. Alright. Paul asks, who can I put together in a package to acquire James Harden? And he lists Chris Paul, KCP, Kevon Looney, Derek Lively, Jocca Pirtle, Tyus Jones, Walker Kessler, Jalen Duran. Probably probably none of those players. I'm gonna be honest with you. I I don't think anybody is gonna want Harden for any combination of those players. I your best offer would probably be both Walker Kessler and Jalen Duran, and you might have to still throw in Chris Paul. But I don't I don't think they would do it. Yeah. You said exactly what I would say. Kessler, Duran, Paul. You could try. Kessler, Duran, Tyce Jones. You know, I wouldn't I'd be a little wary of of giving up on on Kessler. But if you're acquiring Harden, like, you know, we we say it's this is a reminder to everybody. Even if the Clippers are a disaster, even if the optics aren't good, like, James Harden is still an incredible fantasy player. And as long as he stays healthy, his floor is, like, I don't know, the 35th best fantasy player. So I would I would want Arden over any one of these players individually by a mile. I I I would I think you could float Kessler and Duran and see if it gets it done. I mean, the fact that they're both hurt right now impacts that. But if, you know, Jalen Duran comes back and puts up, like, a 14 14 game, you never know. Agreed. Yeah. Alright. Jayson Tatum, Miles Turner, Tobias Harris, or Sabonis, and Karl Anthony Towns. I assume this is a trade or kind of rest of season question. I think I would take the Tatum side here. It would take a lot for me to give up Tatum. And I know, you know, Tobias Harris is not going to continue. You know, he had a really hot start. His percentages are gonna fall off, but Miles Turner is really underrated. Like Miles Turner and Karl Anthony Towns, you can't be surprised if they finish with a very similar fantasy value, especially category leagues. So if it's a if it's a category league, I mean, I would just definitely hang on to to Tatum the Tatum side. Yeah. I mean, Tatum is definitely the player I want most. I mean, he's super, super safe. You could just kinda lock him in to 1st round value. He doesn't miss time. Totally right on on Tobias Harris. And, obviously, if the Sixers make a trade, you know, he's the guy that's gonna get marginalized before anybody. You know, with Turner, it's just been a missed time. Right? Like, he's he's basically been, like, a 20, 30 missed games every year type of guy. So I I think this is a pretty fair question because both Sabonis and Cat are, you know, top 25 guys. But Cat's also missed a ton of time, over these last few years, so he could kinda be thrown into that bucket. Yeah. I I give slight lean to the the three side of this one, Tatum, Turner, and Tobias. But, I don't know. If you're considering making that trade, I think that's a pretty fair offer, honestly. Alright. Treyton asks us, would you take Koulibaly, Sohan, Mays, Suggs, or Kiateh Georges in a 12 team points league? We are we are gonna shatter the single show Kiateh Georges questions. Right? The Keonte George, I he seriously, dude, he he gets, like, the most questions out of anybody in any of these live streams. I know. It's I I don't I don't know what to tell people other than, like, guys are not averaging, like, 7, 8 assists on accident, especially over this long of a stretch. And if this is a points league, again, the two main drivers of, fantasy value and points leagues are minutes and usage. And Keontae George has is projects to have long term, basically, rest of season usage as a starting point guard. Suggs does not because of Scoot. Brogdon's gonna come back, and Simons is gonna come back. Or I I said Mayes. I don't know if I said I meant Mayes. I don't know if I said Suggs. Suggs is fine because he gets your steals and Koulibaly gets your steals as well, but I would I would rather have Keontae George. Yeah. I I think I'm very interested to see where Keontae George is, like, 2 months from now. You know, I think he's the guy that I I would wanna hold for the long term. And, you know, with Suggs, once folds his back and they they've had some other injuries too. Like, Gary Harris has missed a bunch of time. You know, I think there's there's some luster that could wear off of him. You know, trading follows up. It says that they're all bust roster, I'm assuming. I I wouldn't really say that. It it depends. You know, you're if you're in a 12 team league, you know, we're, like, a week or 2 away from Skyler Bays probably being dropped. You know, I'm I'm not really a big so high guy. Haven't really invested in him at all. And, like, cool Volley. I I get it. You know, he's playing way more minutes than I expected. I I kinda thought that, you know, this would be a a big time developmental year for him. And you're gonna have to live with the games like he had against New York the other night. Six points, 3 rebounds, 4 assists, and 31 minutes. Like, those are gonna be those are gonna be pretty frequent. But, yeah, there there is some intrigue there, particularly for the defensive stats. And, I mean, cool Volley, he's shooting a 3 at 43% so far. Like, that's gonna come down, but, like, we we thought this guy might shoot, like, 25%. Yeah. And the sort of the overarching thing here is if a guy can't consistently average or put up 25 fantasy points a game, he's not much roster. You know, 12 team you you it's it's gotta be 25 minimum, to project. So that's more of like a Suggs and, and Kante George thing. Would you move Jokic and Sohan for Claxton and Shangoon? I'm not getting off of Jokic. I can't Yeah. I I can't I'm not gonna be that guy either. Like, I I actually think if someone, like, assuming this person offered you this trade and you are the on the Jokic Sohan side, you shouldn't be insulted by it. It's like a pretty respectable offer in terms of, like, someone trying to trade for Nikola Jokic goes. But I would I would just want the the Jokic side for sure. Yeah. And it's it's a testament to to Shanggu in more than anything, you know, that this is, like, a somewhat Yeah. Fair question just because he's been that good. But, no, I wouldn't I wouldn't be looking to get off Jokic, man. You that's, like, the biggest cheat code you could have right now in fantasy basketball. Who should I stash? Kelly Oubre or Bojan Bogdanovic? Oh, man. Honestly, I wish neither was an option. Well, I, Oubre look, Oubre's shooting had and minutes started to tail off before he got injured by a vehicle. And so that's that's I mean, I just I I think honestly, Oubre is probably droppable, and, you know, was definitely a sell high early in the year. Boyan, I have no idea, man. I mean, he had, like, an Achilles thing at the end of last year. I didn't know if it was real. Their team is horrible. Maybe he comes back and helps make them better. It would be nice for him to be out there just for functional basketball reasons. But even in, like, basically last year when he was when he exceeded a lot of people's expectations, he was still like an 8th round value, which to me is, like, probably his absolute, I mean, absolute ceiling for this year. So to me, it would be Bojan, but I would not hold my breath, about either of them being like worth holding. I just worry with Bogdanovic that he like never plays for the Pistons, you know, and it is just something where he kind of hangs out and gets healthy and then they trade him and, you know, probably accept like a conditional first round pick and that's it. I mean, they're arguably the worst team in the league right now. I I don't think bringing him back into this really makes a whole lot of sense for them organizationally. I think it's pretty clear the direction that they're headache. So I would knowing what we know right now, I would say. But, yeah, they're they're pretty comparable the rest of the way. Alright. Let's see. Oh, very, topical question here. Close to my heart. Should I worry about Triple J's blocks? I I've worried about it. I'll tell you that. You Alex, you you you laid out a very rational case earlier in the pod, that blocks tend to come and go, and it's not uncommon for even the best shot blockers to, you know, go a a week or two without a a huge block game. But, last night, against Boston, 7 games in a row now that Jared Jackson has had 1 or 0 blocks. I'm quickly looking at, contested numbers. So my so, last year, Jackson contested 8 and a half, 2 point shots a game. This year, he is contesting 6 and a half to, 2 point shots per game. So in theory, yes, his blocks should be down, but it probably shouldn't be down more than, like, half a block at most in theory, because I think, like, one out of every 10 deflect it depends how good the shot blocker is, you know, contests to to blocks. It's not exactly like a one to 1 as much as, like, deflections to steals. But, yeah, I mean, I I would be surprised if he couldn't get himself back up to to 2 blocks again. Yeah. I'm I'm certainly hoping it's coming. I mean, my my season in that league is it's depending on it. So, yeah, I mean, you're you're certainly right to be concerned. No question. I would be I'd almost be more concerned at just what a train wreck Memphis is so far and just what that kinda means for the greater scope of their season. But, you know, I think the market smart injury is huge. Yeah. Obviously not having Morant and not having Steven Adams, you're down you're down 3 starters. Not many teams can really survive that. And, I I'll be you know, we're gonna I I I wanna see what this team looks like with Morant. Right? And, you know, I think that's the that's the light at the end of the tunnel for the grizzlies and for triple j is that I think getting Morant back will it won't solve all their issues, but it it'll make them a a better, more competitive team, and that's that's only gonna help Jaren Jackson. Would you drop Ben Simmons from IR to pick up Trey Murphy? I mean, honestly, sure. And, I mean, in in a points league, maybe not because Murphy is a specialist and specialists are not great for points leagues. You want more well rounded production and Ben Simmons is that. But, of course, at the same time, what it Ben Simmons, he could be on a month and we're gonna surprise you. Like, would it be surprised if we never saw Ben Simmons again this season? No. Oh, not at all. So, like, that's your concern. So to me, this is kind of a in a category league. It's more of a question, and I would not blame you for dropping Ben Simmons. In a points league, it would be harder for me to drop Simmons, but I wouldn't blame anybody. Mike Conley or Jalen Green in a 9 category league. I could tell you Conley is, you know, dramatically outpacing Jalen Green so far. Yeah. With with Green, the the pluses have been the scoring, which is still only at 18 a game. I mean, he was at 22 a game last season, you know, brought in some new faces. You know, Fred Van Fleet is playing, like, 40 minutes a night again. That's not helping. I I think you gotta go Mike Conley. Right? Like, is there is there a mid season turnaround coming for Jalen Green? Like, I just I I feel like he's like, especially if the rockets continue to play, like, 500 basketball, I I don't think they're ever going to just be like, alright. It's your time now, Jalen Green. Like, that's that's kinda what he needs. Like, he'd he'd almost be better off, like, being on the blazers or something right now. And, like, he's not a he's not a bad player, but I think he's a he's somebody who's impacting them more in real life than in fantasy. And if especially in category leagues, like, the field goal percentage is a killer. I mean, in 9 cat, you know, he's he's still a relatively high turnover guy for not playing on the ball a ton. I mean, it it there's lower upside certainly with Conley, but I I think that's where I would lean. That's the type of fantasy player that I am, I would go Conley. I think so. It's annoying with green because it seems like he just can't string together 5 good games. He just can't do it. Like, you you know, he'll go for like, he had a 6 stretch where he averaged 25 a game, then he follows it up with 9. And then you're like, okay. Well, that's rough. Then he goes for 20. You're like, okay. Just one bad game. And then in this game against LA, he goes for 9. And you're like, so what what am I looking at here? And, like, there's not a lot pointing to him, like, saying that he should be better this season. His usage rate's slightly down. Basically, the same as last season. He's drawing more fouls, which I think is really encouraging. Like, his free throw rate is is pretty high, but I might I might lean, honestly. Yeah. I I don't like it. That's my answer. But I I think strictly for Fantasy, it it, you know, it might not add up real life wise, but he's he's been the better player so far. And I think as long as he stays healthy, that probably continues. Alright. We'll hit a a few more questions in a moment, but, gonna tell you about rival fantasy. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale, basketball synonymous with legendary player rivalries. To make the game more fun and give fans the storylines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player match up and head to head debate could be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you could play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game. You could play the rival fantasy in house challenges or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. Sign up at joinrival.com/roto wire and get a $200 deposit batch. Get in on this right now before we get too deep into the 2023, 24 NBA season. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. We will see you in the arena. Interesting one here. I just traded Steph Curry for Trae Young in in assist to turnover league. I'd I'd assume that's that's included as a category. Was this a mistake, or is this a good move? I'm muted. Now I'm not. So I have to be honest because I I've never played in an assist to turnover league. I don't even know if we have the tools for that on rotor wire to, like, generate value. I don't know how different it is than a 9 category league. Curry's been the 10th ranked player. Trey's shooting has not been good enough for him to reach those heights, but I think it can improve. I I gotta be honest. It might be a wash. Yeah. I I don't fully know how to analyze it. I'm sorry. Yeah. Interesting league for sure. I I absolutely am okay with the Trae Young side of this. You know, his his assist rate is about 12 percentage points higher than Curry's. His turnover rate is higher, but only by about 3 percentage points. So, you know, if you're if you're really worried about that specific category, I actually think Trae Young, you might serve you better. And I he's also been way healthier than Curry. He's younger. You know, I think the type of body that he has doesn't necessarily imply that he'd be durable, but he's been super, super durable so far. And that's been, you know, part of the reason that Curry's been disappointing the last couple years is just missed games. Like, when he's out there, he's still awesome. He's still easily a first round value. But he's not that far ahead of Trae Young when they're both healthy. And I think there's a a pretty good chance that Curry misses significantly more time this year significantly more time this year than Trae Young. So I don't I don't think that's a mistake. I I think it's, you know, at worst, it's probably a neutral or or, like, maybe a move that you slightly regret, but, I think that's a pretty good chance that pays off. So I think you're fine doing that one. In a head to head points league, Alex, would you would you trade De'Aaron Fox and Cade Cunningham for Curry and Zion? I think I would rather might rather be on the Foxcade side of this, but it would be, like, purely because of injury concern. Yeah. You know, points leagues trades are, in my opinion, very especially a trade like this, very straightforward in terms of, like, just add up their fantasy points and see which side has more. And and that's it, but that's if you, of course, believe that both sides have the same injury risk and whatnot. And I assume that Curry and Zion have higher fantasy points per game than Fox and Cade. I'm cool with either side of this partially because there's an upside versus, you know, risk injury. It it depends how you feel about that sort of risk reward. It's a fun one. Mark Williams or Walker Kessler rest of season head to head 9 cat league. I say Walker Kessler. I would maybe prefer Mark Williams, to be honest. Yes. You wanna fight about it? But, yeah, of course, like, Kessler, of course, has, like, the blocks upside. So if you need the blocks category, if that fits your team build, then get Kessler. If you don't need the blocks and you're just chasing, I think, like, basically, you know, points and rebounds, I would go Mark Williams. He just gets his his shots are so much easier because LaMelo sets him up for these easy, like, dimes. His free throw percentage, I think, projects to be better than Kessler's, and he's playing more minutes when the team does is not getting blown out. But it's a it's a good debate for sure. Herb Jones and Cam Thomas for Jalen Williams. And Albert asked, will Jalen Williams steals bounce back? He's punting physical percentage, rebounds, blocks, and turnovers. So a pretty aggressive build here in a 9 cat head to head league. I I'm, you know, I'm a I'm a sucker for Jalen Williams. That's that's the guy I would want here. You know, Cam Thomas, points are great. The the occasional threes are great, the free throws, but I don't I've there's there's some variables there that I'm a little worried about. And, obviously, Herb Jones will be impacted when Trey Murphy comes back or when McCollum comes back. So I would I would prefer the Jalen Williams side of this. I think, I think I would too. If you're asking specifically about his steals, I think they will come back. I just I did the quick Google, NBA.com advanced stats page for his deflections. He's actually averaging 1 more deflection per game this season than last season. So, theoretically, he should actually finish this season with more steals than he did last year despite being lower. So I think it's just bad luck for him right now. So I I don't think you have to be worried about that. Alright. We'll hit a few more here. Try to be out at about the hour mark. 12 team league. Should I swap shaded sharp for Russell Westbrook? So, Roto makes this difficult because we know about Westbrook's issues, but he's actually been decent this year, partially because he's taking so few free throws that the the percentage is not killing you, which who hey. Maybe that that continues. I actually think I would rather have Westbrook here. I have expressed concerns about Sharp in the past because he is right now like, he's ranked first of all, right now in 8 cat, he's ranked below Westbrook, but he's and so he's been doing that in 37, 38 minutes a game. When scoop comes back, when Simons comes back, when Brogdon comes back, he might go back to seeing the 28 minutes he saw an opening night, and he's also just not a very good passer. I think I would rather have Westbrook. Yeah. Yeah. Reluctantly, I'd probably agree. I mean, I I do worry that, you know, these last couple of games for Russ have been a little rough, and he, you know, he played 17 minutes off the bench against Houston the other night. That was his first game coming off the bench after he, you know, so selflessly as a leader and a veteran voice on the team, you know, offered to to come off the bench. I don't think he's gonna play 17 minutes every night, but I think he could play, like, 22 to 25 minutes. And at that point, it becomes pretty complicated. But, you know, Shane Sharp is is killing you just as much in a lot of the percentage categories right now. So, yeah, I I think you you might just kinda take the known asset in Russell Westbrook rather than kinda chanting on on Shane Sharp once the blazers get a little bit healthier. Nice trade here by Johnny who says, I traded away Chris Paul for Mark Williams. I I like that deal. I think that's the right move. You won. Congrats. Congratulations. You won the deal. I mean, Chris Paul, I I still don't mind, like, hanging on to him and just kinda taking what you get, but I don't think there's any sort of breakout coming for Chris Paul. I think we if if he was gonna have some big games, it would've happened without Curry, and it really didn't. So, yeah. Good good job getting the Mark Williams side there. Miguel asked, what are our thoughts on John Collins for the future? You know, Collins has been okay so far this season. Jazz have just been a a really weird team night tonight. You know, they're one of the worst defensive teams in the league. They're always involved in these, like, you know, 128, 134 type of games. But Collins has been really consistent, 15 points, 9 rebounds, 1 block per game. Sitting about 1.6 threes per game on the year. That's been a little bit higher lately. In general, though, you know, he's just been, like, a little bit better than he was in Atlanta. The big thing though is that the 3 point shooting seems like it's back. Like, he he had really dropped off last season. He was under 30% from 3. He's not gonna shoot 45% on the year, but he's probably also not gonna shoot 29. So yeah. I mean, as long as you're being realistic and kind of expecting him to continue doing what he's doing, I I I think that could happen. Like, I I don't think he's ever going to be, you know, the guy that we thought he was, like, year 3 in Atlanta when he was, like, a top 40 fantasy player. That feels like it's out of the cards at this point. But, you know, I I I think the Jazz kinda rolled the dice and just said, yeah. We'll we'll we'll take a distressed asset. We'll see. You know, he's only 26, you know, and somebody that they could consider part of their future. So I I wouldn't really worry about him losing minutes later on, you know, if they if they go into more of a tank. So my answer would just be, it's sustainable what he's doing now, but probably not anymore. It's a it's a slight bump with with Kessler out, especially in terms of rebounds and blocks, but he I think he'll finish as a top 100 player. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. LaMelo, Jaren Jackson, and Kuzma or Jalen Brunson, Desmond Bane, Yousef Nurkic, and Zach Collins in a points league? It's I I'm always shocked when it so how many people are in leagues where there's, like, trades going down that are, like, 3 guys for 3 guys or 3 guys for 4 guys. I feel like relatively speaking, my my leagues have no trades. I think I would rather have the LaMelo and triple j Kuzma side here. But again, you're kinda getting into that murky spot where it's like you're you're sort of just adding all these points up together. And none of these guys really project, I don't think, to be I think the only guy who projects to actually be worse rest of season would probably be Bane just because of of Morant coming back. And in a points league, I mean, Nurk and Collins are definitely rosterable guys. I don't think they're like streamers. So I think I would just I think I would just keep who you have, honestly. Okay. We'll hit 2 or 3 more, and then we'll be out of here. Another trade question, Alex. Would you trade DeRozan and Siakam for Devin Booker, Russell Westbrook, and Markelle Fultz? No. DeRozan and Siakam are gonna can average, like, 30 to 45 fantasy points for you in any given week. So Yeah. I I like the framework of this because, like, Siakam is somebody that I'm, like, thinking about trying to get off of. I would I would I want a a better second piece than Westbrook and Fultz. You know? I'd I'd Yeah. Even if it's just one player instead of 2, like, I I I don't think you're wrong to wanna necessarily sell either of those guys, but, you know, Booker's the best player in the deal, and that's big. But I, you, you need somebody or, or 2 players that are a little bit better than the Westbrook and folds. Let's see. Talked a little bit about Kula Bali and Soha. I don't think we need to go back there. Should I trade Josh Giddey for Jordan pool Category league, punting, turnovers, and field goal percentage. So, I I suppose in that format, Poole becomes a little more appealing. He becomes very appealing in that format, because those are those are the things he sucks the most at. But no. I I don't I don't think I would do it. I mean, pool should be playing better, but they don't seem to really care. Like, they're not throwing them out there, like, 36 minutes a game regardless of outcome or anything like that. And I think Giddey actually projects to play better throughout, much of the year. So I would rather have Giddey, but I understand how this trade for your specific team build, especially if you're not winning the categories that you're trying to win might be appealing, but it it would be a tough trade for me to to actually do. Yeah. I'd rather have Giddey. I mean, there's that report over the weekend that, you know, the Wizards already don't feel like Jordan Poole's part of their future. You know, that that just doesn't sound like a team that's like, alright. We wanna get it back on track. I mean, he scored over 20 points once in the last 10 games. He's averaging 28 minutes in that span. You know, again, if your punting turnover's a field goal percentage, I get it. It could be appealing, but I I just I think we we might just be looking back in a month or 2 and, like, the entire community is just gonna have to kinda take a lap on Jordan Poole. It's just it does look like it's gonna work out. Paul asked, my opponent has 8 more games than me this week. Is it a good move to drop KCP and Tice Jones to open up daily streaming spots to get more games in? The idea of that is is good, but both those guys have 4 game weeks this week. So, you know, I wouldn't I wouldn't drop those 2 specifically. If you got if you got some players on 2 game weeks, then yes. But, you know, unless, unless what I'm looking at is inaccurate, which it's on rotor wire, so it can't be. Both Washington both Washington and Denver have have 4 games. So probably not. You know, I don't unless there's, like, way higher upside guys out there, which there probably aren't, I would keep those 2 just because they're, you know, they're not the ones that are hurting you in terms of games. What you are looking at, I believe, is correct. Yeah. Don't Better be. Don't, don't drop them because you're like Knicks had those guys at 4 games. Is a man, amend Thompson worth a stash since his brother's doing well? We addressed this a little bit earlier. I'd probably not. You know, unless you unless you are are in a deep lead with a bunch of bench spots, maybe. I just don't yeah. I don't I don't really think there's gonna be opportunity there. I I would say probably not worth the stash. Yeah. I'd rather I'd rather stream that spot even once he's back. And we'll finish out with this. Mark Williams or Asar Thompson rest of season. Interesting one. That is interesting. I don't I actually take Asar, to be honest with you. You know, as much as, like, I part of me prefers we talk about Mark Williams versus Walker Kessler. I think that's a wash depending on your league settings. Asar Thompson, man. I mean, he's giving you his the numbers that Asar is giving you are really not that different than what Mark Williams is giving you. And they're right. So it's like, it really really, it just comes down to the field goal percentage versus the defensive stats. Because Thompson's one of the best defenders in the league already. It's just that his field goal percentage sucks because he can't shoot a basketball. And so I think I would rather have a SAR, to be honest. Yeah. They're they're strangely comparable. Like you said, if if field goal percentage is a need, then go Mark Williams. But a star Thompson has more blocks than Mark Williams. And, you know, they're basically the same in terms of points and rebounds. You know, Thompson gives you a little bit more as a passer. Yep. 2.8 steals of blocks per game is fantastic, and I I don't think that's slowing down anytime soon. They're even comparable at the free throw line as well. So I would I would give a lean to to Assar in that situation. Alright, guys. We gotta wrap it up here. As always, we appreciate everybody jumping in the stream, giving us questions, you know, allowing us to, help out as much as we can and and kinda jump around and hit on as many teams as players as possible. So, appreciate everyone, who's who's been listening live on Twitter and especially on YouTube. If you are listening, subscribe, like the videos, please. Give us as as much positive feedback as you are, consciously able to do. That helps us out a ton. You could follow both Alex and I on Twitter as well. You could see the handles here in the video. And if you didn't catch it live or if you wanna relisten, you could find us wherever you get your podcast for Alex Bertha. I'm Nick Whalen. We're on the way out. I'll be back with Brandon on Wednesday, Alex. Are are we getting a waiver wire episode this week? We actually aren't. Thank you. Okay. We we are not. We are we thought about doing it, but we, we have to be Wednesday and then, you know, it would just would not be relevant. So, no, no 3 amigos this week. Okay. All right. Mark your calendars for that. We will be back in full capacity after the Thanksgiving holiday.