Everybody. It's Steve Alexander, doctor a, and it is Tuesday, March 5th. That is Ken Kreitz, the k train. All aboard. And we're gonna cover everything you need to know. In fancy hoops. The nets are off to a 5 game week. Some interesting things there last night, some interesting games on Monday night. We uncovered all The only 5 game team the only 5 game team I've. Oh, this week for sure. Yeah. Yeah. So let's do this. Ken, welcome back. Good to see you. Thank you, doctor. Sorry I butchered the open there. That was terrible. I didn't really butcher it. I mean, Camma's favorite thing about our Thursday show is is, my cold opens because they're so, bad and unscripted, and I just sort of start talking without knowing where I'm going. I find them esoteric. I find them, like, their mind is opening. Yeah. Yeah. So, interesting things going on right now in the NBA. And I know a lot of times this season, we've been like, man, the guys are playing through injuries, and injuries aren't as bad as they have been. But right now, it doesn't really feel that way and especially, you know, the the 30 deep league that I'm in. I'm playing against Andre Snellings of ESPN. Right. Former rotor wire. Former rotor wire scribe. Yes. And he's got Giannis sitting out last night. I have Wendy who's iffy for tonight, and I'm terrified. And then there's a bunch of other guys, that we just don't know about. Your guy, Cam Thomas, has missed several games with Spring and ankle all of last week. Who knows when he's gonna play this week? Trae Young Trae Young out for the year. Westbrook probably done for the regular season. Scotty Barnes. We got Jaren Jackson junior, missing the last 3, I think. We got Deandre Ayton, who we haven't seen. I haven't seen him since I've seen Ben Simmons, so that's not good. You'd never ever wanna be compared to Ben Simmons in any capacity. No. You don't. Are these guys shutting down? Is is are we in the midst of witnessing the Jaren Jackson and the Deandre Ayton shutdown, or are they just hurt? We've been waiting for the Jaren Jackson shutdown, and, frankly, I've admired Memphis for playing them as long as they did. Similarly, are they gonna bring back Desmond Bane, to prove he's healthy or not? I mean, they're not gonna plan for anything. But, yeah, it's scary and probably too late to to trade j j j. So, Yeah. I we've been saying for weeks on Friday, don't know why Memphis would keep pushing jjj, on a lost season. Ayton, though I mean, Portland's gotta figure out, do they wanna keep spending big on Eaton or not? So I'm kinda surprised they're not forcing him back. I don't know. They don't have a reason to treat him with kid gloves. Right? No. I mean, he's got a max contract, so it it doesn't really matter. At this point, I feel like Portland would rather just watch the kids play and figure out what they've got in, you know, Reese and some of these other guys. Portland's roster and Memphis roster, there there are guys on there that, you know, some of us have never heard of. Like Why are the trailblazers not pushing Moses Brown back? I need more Moses Brown minutes. We are deep into the g league core of those teams, and we're seeing it every night. I think Luke Kennard had, like, a his best game of the year for for the Grizzlies last night. Yeah. Reese was on fire for the troublemakers the other night. Yeah. Yeah. Reese been playing well for Portland. Vince Vince Williams is playing pretty well for Memphis. Gigi Jackson is making noise every now and I do not my old well, we'll get to that when we get, get to the get off my lawn segment, but I'm really kinda mad at. I don't know if I'm mad at Memphis or FanDuel or myself. I'm mad at mad at one of them. So is jjj is Jaren Jackson junior gonna play again? What what what's your thoughts? I think he plays a handful of games, but if he plays more than 3 or 4, I'd be shocked. Sort of where I am. Yeah. I I think he's I I don't think this is the end, but I think the end is nigh. It is coming. Yeah. I think the more interesting or up totally up in the air is the win by Gianna situation. You know, he's he's showing a I I thought he'd be on injury reports all season. I thought they'd kid gloves him. Is he at the 65 games already yet? He's gotta be darn close to be rookie He's either I think he's missed He's at 55. Yeah. He's at 55. So I'm sure we're gonna see 10 more win by any games. They're not gonna blow his rookie of the year, but, boy, is he gonna play any fantasy playoffs is a legit concern. But people annoying people like you and Rick Kamla have been saying that since day 1 of the NBA season. And I've been wrong. Oh, he's gonna be right. He's he's not playing. He's gonna miss he's gonna miss 2 games a week, blah blah blah blah blah. And, you know, he has carried all of my teams. He really has. He's been the you you know, he's a fantasy MVP if he's on your squad for sure. Championship contention in all Everny. You know what I love? I love the percentages for the rookie. 82% from the free throw line, 47 from the field when he's not getting any help around him. Love the percentages and the games played for him. I mean, just everything. Everything about it is just stupid. Alright. Now I love the consistency. You know, he he gets 28 minutes a game, and he and he does the same thing every game. Yeah. I'm look. I'm trying to see the game log. He hasn't had a single digit scoring game since December 21st. He played 22 minutes. He had a 7, 5, and 5 game, December 21st. Otherwise, he's been frankly above or near 20 every week since. He's he's scored at least 21 points in 7 of his last 9 games. Yeah. He's blocked at least 3 shots in 8 straight, which includes a 10 block game. Yep. Along with 6 of them 6 of those games, he had at least 5 blocks. Last 10 games or last 8 games, he's averaging 5.4 blocks a game. Delicious. He scored in double figures in every game since December 26th. He scored at least 15 points in 30 straight games. He's doubled doubled in 6 straight. He has at least 1 steal in 8 straight and 2 including 2 games with 5 steals. He's had at least 5 assists in 3 straight games. And in 6 of his last 8 games, he's hit at least 1 3 pointer in 12 straight games. Like So when when beyond is good? Yeah. It's just unbelievable. I wrote all that. I wrote all that for the weekend recap column for. So Yeah. I was just saying that that was pretty good at the top of your head, though. I had those I had that all queued up. It was Jeff. But those back to back 5 steal, 5 block games, February 22nd, 23rd delivers. My goodness. Let's get into some other injuries. Devin Booker out 7 to 10 days. This Suns squad have not played together. I don't know how they just turn it on for the playoffs. They've when the their quote, unquote big 3 have played together so few games. Yeah. And it's Royce O'Neil time. Right? Royce O'Neil time. Exactly. He was my yeah. He's one of our free agent picks, on Friday's show. Yeah. I I had him in in my last week. He was great. Yeah. Yeah. Is Trae Young coming back this season, mister Atlanta? I don't think so. They might have something. You know, they're gonna be desperate for the plan. They're only 2 and a half up on Brooklyn. The Brooklyn's a mess. Yeah. But by the time by the time this is all said and done, Brooklyn should be in front of Atlanta. Like, I don't know that Atlanta can keep winning without Trey, but I They should. You know what? Brooklyn should be ahead of Atlanta, and yet they lose at home to Memphis last night. That is unforgivable. Unforgivable. Really bad. Wretched. Alright. Westbrook, done for another season. They're saying hope he's back for the playoffs. Scottie Barnes out for the season. That is just such a bummer. He was 10th in total stats value in 9 category leagues. He was winning some people some championships. And Did he break his hand on Friday or something? Yeah. He's not coming back. And, obviously, Raptors, they're only 3 and a half games from the plan, but they're not, you know, they're not playing for anything. Did sign Kelly Olynyk to to your extension. You can breathe a sigh of relief, doctor. Well, you know, if Pirtle I Olympic could be sneaky for the end of the season. He could. I mean, they're yeah. Barnes is out. There are definitely minutes in that, back and front court. I have a Linick in a few leagues. He is a crafty and they're committed to him. Yeah. Absolutely. Crafty, and then he's also crappy. But she was in New York, though. Right? There are minutes in that backcourt. He will hit you some threes. He will get you stocks. He's never gonna light it up for 20 points. There are days that Olenek will help you, and there are days that Olenek will make you want to stab your eyeball with a pencil. When he was drafted by the Celtics, they were briefly selling Olinic the clinic flip flops, and I always regret that I didn't buy those. Yeah. Yeah. And they spelled the clinic with all y's, like the Olinic name, but yeah. I don't know. I don't think I don't think we're gonna see Trae Young play in a regular season game again this season. Why didn't they move Murray? Were their offers that terrible? I don't yeah. I just don't think their offers were there, and, you know, now it sounds like they're more more open to moving trade than it is Murray than they are Murray. You know, if they were playing well or better recently, yeah, that would sound great, but Murray is not exactly grabbing the leadership role of Young out so far, is he? They're dude, they're unwatchable. They're unwatchable. Like Yeah. The Hawks are and they get the Knicks tonight in New York. That's that's not gonna be good. Really? Really? 3 and a half on it. You're taking so that yours are we jumping ahead to your bet? Is that your, you're taking Knicks, 3a half? No. I was gonna go I was gonna talk about the Bulls last night for a second. Okay. Yeah. Please. Please. I was gonna talk about how much I love Kobe White. What a Free Kobe. What a great man he is. I was also getting the lights out last night. I mean, what did he shoot like? Did he miss a shot? 14 of 19. He didn't even score in the first he didn't even score in the Q1. You know? And he had a golf career high 39. Talk about teams that really should be chastised for doing nothing at the trade deadline. How do the bulls not move Andre Drummond? How do they not you know, people like Caruso's contract. How do you not match Caruso to some contracts you want off the books and admit you're going into rebuild mode? That Bulls team is going absolutely nowhere. It is fun that they shocked the Kings in Sacramento, but the Kings have their own problems. But Kobe White, they should just give him all the 1,000,000 minutes he can. He's one of the few people that you know, few players with a future there. Right? Yeah. And 37 points. Crewer high 37 on 19 shots. 7 dimes too. He wasn't just hogging the ball. No. He he was playing hard, and, you know, I've got I've got him on that 30 team league along with the Aaron Fox, and those 2 I need those 2 and Wimby to carry that team. And when we can win it all if they keep they keep playing well. So, and you continue to be Kobe White. Yeah. And Kobe went into a little bit of a slump last week. That was difficult, but he's, he's back. You just love the hair. It's really about the hair for you, isn't it, with? Well, it's usually about the hair with most NBA players. With Bobby with Bobby Portis, it's all about the eyes. Crazy eyes. Yeah. Who's the who's the point guard for the, who's the dude for the, magic that had the crazy hair, the point guard? Oh, it flopped in front of his face. Yes. Lottery pick too. Oh, it drive me crazy because I'm like, he was shooting, like, 39% from the field, and he had that hair in his eyes. Like, am I the only one that sees how bad a shooter he I cannot remember. That's gonna kill. I'll I'll think of it at 2 AM. How do we not know what his name is? I know exactly who you're speaking of. He had the floppy hair and you look that up. We'll move on to the panic meter. I know his name. Dean. I know it. Go ahead. I'll know it when you say it. I'm sorry, but I'll go panic meter if you wanna look it up. I wanna beat up the Netsmart for losing to Memphis at home. That is just inexcusable. When you got Vince Williams leading the way for mem how do you lose to a team where Vince Williams is leading is their best player, unless you wanna say Santi? They had Jameson at center, banged up Konchar playing 31 minutes. Luke Kennard is your star shooting guard for this Grizzlies lineup. Lamar Stevens getting 24 minutes. Santiago Dama out there just dominating. Brooklyn just, clearly, I don't think the head coach was the problem in Brooklyn. It's a deeper issue. Yeah. What is going on? Elfred Payton, by the way. Elfred Payton. Yes. Remember and he he kinda tore it was like a front ponytail. He kinda tied it into a bob, but it would it would literally get in front of his face. Yeah. Yeah. Elfrid Payton. Lottery pick too. He was a lottery pick, wasn't he? I think so. Desperately needed a point guard. Yeah. Brooklyn, Brooklyn beat the Hawks in back to back games at least. I had Schroeder's, my pick to click last night over on 14 and a half points, and he took 13 shots. He missed 2 of 3 free throws. Anyway, shot 5 of 13, hit the under, broke my 7 game bet streak. The shredder's automatic right now. Like, he's playing well. He's yeah. 37 minutes there. I mean I mean, Cam's out. Cam Johnson Cam Johnson played very well last night. Finally. Finally. How many teams dropped Cam Johnson this Fantasy season? But Johnson's finally turned it too little, too late. Is it is it maybe that Cam can't play when the games are meaningful? Maybe. But I think, hopefully, a lot of people pick Cam up and, and Schroeder and everybody else who plays for them this week because of the 5 games. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And no Cam Thomas. Yeah. I played Cam in some leagues even though I knew he wasn't gonna play last night because he had I'd rather take us 4 games, hopefully, than some other games, 3. You've got Brunson listed on your panic meter. Not his game time decision tonight. That ankle injury looked worrisome. Before we go there, also, Doreen Finney Smith, I think Yes. DFS. Is worth having for the rest of this week for 4 games. Jaylen Bronson. Yes. He's scaring me to death. I'm I'm in a battle. I got beat by my buddy Brian from Guster last week, 5 to 4 in a battle with Yuri, who has also hosted this show, with me, and I need Bronson to play. So I'm nervous about the week. Yeah. Now maybe they're eyeing Atlanta and think we can take Atlanta without the Knicks. I'm sorry, without Brunson. But the Knicks, I mean, they're they are game and a half out of falling into the play, and they're lucky Embiid's out for the 6ers. I I don't know if anyone believes in the magic, but a little bit of panic meter. They've they've 37 over their last 10. So on the one hand, you could see them forcing Brunson back early. I mean, it is Tom Thibodeau. Right? Like, he'd be like, oh, you can't you can't walk? We'll just put some dirt on it and get out there. How worried are we about Giannis' Achilles? The the word Achilles always freaks me out. He was stretching and then decided not to play last night, and they still won, by the way. It is a word that will freak people out. It freaks me out. I don't think Giannis is in serious danger right now, but I'm always a little worried about his knee. It just seems like he's always a little gimpy. But I think I think Giannis took a night off. Yeah. It's exhausting carrying a team. That's the hard work. Really is. Any other panic guys before we get on the hot players or folks you're excited about? I don't think we really finished on Wimby. We got into his greatness, but, on Wembanyama, are you now to the point where, you know, he's got sore left shoulder, he's questionable for tonight. Are you thinking they're gonna stop him right at 65 games and and be done with it? Well, I mean, if you're a Wembayana manager, what are your options? Right? I mean, you're gonna have to you gotta play them. So, yeah, I can be worried about it, but, like, on your Wembie teams, you got a good backup center you're gonna play instead even if he plays one last game? No. Right. So And when he plays one game, I'm playing Wimby. Right. You get you might get 5 blocks and 5 steals. And You know? Yeah. And 10 20 and 11. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like okay. I'll take 1 week. I think he he's definitely gonna play 65. He's at 55 now. They're gonna get him rookie of the year honors. Who knows about this shoulder, but like back to backs, maybe not. I don't know. It's too late. No one's trading when there's no trade deadlines. You know, we're past all the trade deadlines. So Hopefully, there's not, there's not too many back to backs in San Antonio's schedule, but I haven't really looked at it. I'm scared to look at it, honestly. I'm just I'm just setting my 30 deep line up one week at a time and and rolling with it, hoping for a miracle. But, it's Mitchell. Mitchell. Mitchell. 3 games. 3, yeah, 3 more games. Yeah. After he's already missed 2. Boy, and it's knee. That is scary. They're giving them plasma injections. That's never a good sign. And Cleveland is sitting pretty. Ika Coro and Sam Merrill. Right? Like, those are the guys? Yeah. Well, Ika Coro can't shoot to save his life. I'd rather go Merrill on the, crazy upside that he drains 6 threes. But Cleveland has, you know, their 4 their sorry, 5 games out of the plan. Rest Mitchell. You're you don't go anywhere in the playoffs without Mitchell, so he's gonna get a ton of rest, unfortunately. You know, the going back to the Knicks for a second, What a what a crazy year they've had to survive losing Julius Randle and trading for OG, and he may immediately goes down. And they have quickly an RJ He didn't he didn't immediately go down because he looked great for them for about 5 or 6 games. Right? Like, what a perfect trade, and then he gets hurt. Yeah. It was pretty quick. It was pretty quick. Yeah. And then hard Smart of them to get a Chua in that, you know, in that deal because they they were thin in the backcourt. Now they're throwing a gazillion minutes at them. That was close. Precious Achew is a fine pickup in a deep league. Yeah. And and they've and they had Hartenstein out for a while, and, now they got Bronson banged up, but yet they're still putting a good product on the floor every night, and people people are digging it. So Right. The old here's my only qualm with the Knicks is how everyone was like, oh, the Knicks won the trade deadline because they got Bogdanovic and Burks. Oh, yeah. Those guys were lighting it up for Detroit. They were really curious. Let's get let's get all excited about these awesome former pistons. Didn't the Knicks pay to get rid of Burks to Detroit a couple of years ago? I mean, like, I there were fine trades. They gave up nothing, but, like, the classic New York overhyped. Oh, the Knicks are amazing. They're gonna win the finals. They just got Bogdanovic and Burks. Please spare me New York Media. Spare me. Well, I thought the guy on your panic meter here, Daniel Gafford, was one of the keys to the trade deadline. I thought Gafford and PJ Washington going to play with Luca was gonna be huge, but they haven't they haven't they're not really using Gafford like I thought they would. Well, they're torn. Right? They wanna give Lively a bunch of minutes, develop him, and Gafford, man, he's had some totals duds for them, and he had some sweet games even coming off the bench. I don't I don't know if it's a I don't I don't know what the problem was with Gafford. Is he never gonna be a quality 65 game guy a year? I mean, he's been a fantasy darling forever. I don't I don't understand. You think he'd be ecstatic to be on a winning team, get out of Washington, but the the last few duds he had for the Mavs are so frustrating. But they're not they're not playing. They're playing they're playing lively. Yeah. But he had a few good bench games though for them with lively starting, and then he just fell apart. I don't know. We'll see. He'll And when he's out there in reality, I mean, he's still protecting the rim and getting rebounds and playing defense. He's not doing he's not putting up numbers. And No. He's not. So he's unfortunate. I had him as a starting center on a lot of squads, and, I'm putting Andre Drummond, who's also was a dud last night even though they won. You know? The Drummond's all match up heavy, whether they're playing a big team or not. You know how when you look at a a team and their schedule, and it shows the leader in points, rebounds, and assists? Yeah. Yeah. Off to the side. It's all Doncic. It's all Luca. Right. Every game, every time. Good. You would never know there was anybody else on that team. Doncic's 41. Doncic's 33. Doncic's 45. Doncic's 30. 30. 30. 10, 10, 9, 9, 8. So Well, that that's why guessing on the others like Derek Jones and Josh Green is so darn frustrating. Right? Because there is no consistent other on that darn team. Let's get happy, though. Who are guys you're excited about, Steve? You already mentioned 1. Well, I was very excited about Chianti George, last night, and he played 6 minutes. And the illness took over, and he didn't play the rest of the night. So I had I had a really rough, really rough night in FanDuel. And, also, Keontae George and Jalen Brunson are on that Yahoo team. So I need Jalen to play tonight, but I don't know if it's gonna happen. But, you know, Doreen Finney Smith, I've been kind of excited about with this 5 game week this week. County George, I feel like he's gonna blow up the rest of the way for Utah. Your guy, Dennis Schroeder, probably gonna go off the rest of the way because, yeah, Ben Simmons. And, it it is just another scary injury, Tom, Utah. Kessler out again with a foot. They're playing Collins at center. He got 6 blocks last night. Digging the John Collins minutes at center, but, boy, has Kessler been frustrating all year. I dumped I I traded him on a few teams. I was a big fan in the preseason, and I got out about the all star break on the shares I had. I would say he's probably the the biggest bust in fantasy this year. In fantasy? I thought you're gonna say it's center, but wow. In fan okay. I mean Yeah. He was, like, 3rd round value last year. Right? Everybody was fired up about him coming in this year, and they're playing in, like, 17 minutes a night, some stretches, and he's he's not really a part of the offense. All he does is block shots. I don't understand what they're doing with him. And he's one of many bigs that can't hit free throws, which is frustrating too. Alright. But on the pot you wanna talk Miles McBride? Well, I just I Miles McBride's gonna be the guy if Brunson misses time. So Yeah. Yeah. If Brunson is out this week and you picked up Miles McBride, I think you're gonna win. And if Brunson plays all week, Miles McBride can be tossed back into the ocean for whatever you can find. You know, one player that's passing the eyeball test for me, I think he's finally healthy, is Trey Murphy in New Orleans. 3 straight really good games. I was nagging Alex, our editor, to improve his, rest of season projection on rotor wire. I will say Alex came back to me with a bunch of reasons why he doesn't think that should be, but I think Murphy's finally healthy off of that knee injury. They have no scoring off the bench in New Orleans. I think Trey Murphy, is on the upswing. He's rostered about 2 thirds of teams, so it's not like he's widely available. But, in daily stuff, I like Trey Murphy, rest of the season. He's got a lot of confidence right now too. I like the things he's saying. I like the way he looks on the court. My son was like, man, Trey Murphy's been going off lately, and he has. And, that New Orleans team is kinda sneaky, isn't it? It really is. It it's something you you always wonder, like, why aren't they doing better? The McCollum gets hurt or Ingram gets dinged up. But if we go back to the standings, Pelicans, you know, they're out of the plan. They're only a game and a half out of the plan, but they are 5th right now. And with a banged up Suns team, they could be looking at, avoiding the plan and doing some damage. We'll see. I'd like to see them on a big stage for once. Yeah. Herb Herb Jones has had some really, really great games, and Brandon Ingram has actually stayed healthy this season. Herb Herb Jones is that guy you hate when you're facing him, but you'd love to have him on your team, you know, a grinder. He should be on Memphis. Yeah. He's on Pat Bev. He's like a nice a nice Pat Bev. Yeah. Right. A kinder, gentler Pat Bev. Alright. Well, you know, the Stadler and Waldorf of RotoWire, podcasts, it's time for the get off our lawn segment. Stadler and Waldorf, of course, being the 2 balcony muppets, the old guys in the balcony complaining. Steve, what is your complaint, this week? I was kinda slacking on watching the news yesterday before I set my before I set my lineups and Didn't check the auto wire daily liners page. Did not check the daily I did not check the daily page like I should have. And FanDuel told me that Jordan Goodwin was good to go, and he was gonna have, like, 29 points. I looked at his game log. He's been balling out. He's, like, 31, 31, 30 or something. And I'm like, well, I'm I'm playing Jordan Goodwin tonight. I threw him in there, checked I I kept checking FanDuel, like, other than that. Burying Scottie Pippen in some weird two way contract thing even though they desperately need his minutes. Yeah. Goodwin's been the guy at point. I kept checking him, you know, checking to make sure his name didn't turn yellow or red before lineup's locked. He was good. Then I get in there, and it's like he's not playing. And then I look. Finally, I look at the RotoWire news feed, and it's like Jordan Goodwin is not active for the Grizzlies tonight after starting the last 3 games. And here's what's weird. We almost never write this. We just have them as inactive. We didn't have a reason. There was no public reason. He just did active. And I don't I don't get it. I get it. Yeah. I don't get it. So I had a 0. It might be another it's the same thing they got with Pippen. It might be another two way contract juggling game counts. I I you know, that they're doing that to Pippen, but just no reason listed. Just inactive. But they didn't send him to the g league. Like, he was inactive. But if you don't I thought it only counts if you actually see the court, your game count. If you're just sitting Yeah. I don't know. On the bench. I anyhoo, you were right to play them. I mean, 30 plus minutes each of the last three games, 8 assists in 2 of those contests. See, his FanDuel points were 31, 31a half, and 30a half the last 3 games. You were on to something. Well, and another guy, you know, another guy in our league had him, and I'm guessing a lot of people on FanDuel probably had him in their lineup last night. So that was a little frustrating. Check the RotoWire daily lineups page before locking in your lineups. It is the most popular page on rotowire.com. Well, I will be doing that this evening. For my get off our lawn segment, I'm just gonna promote the old man rant I did on Friday. They got posted today on the, on this, the rotawire fancy basketball. I dared to question if Kobe really needs 3 statues, doc. Oh. Jordan has 1. Bill Russell has 1. Does Kobe really need 3? Classic LA overdramatic. One statue is fine. Wow. Bring on the bring on the Kobe worshipers. They're all gonna kill me. It's fine. Yeah. You you you you might wanna yeah. Dominique only has one statue. Awesome. Right. That's pretty good. Yeah. One statue's fine. Yeah. Kobe's sensitive, man. I don't I don't I don't like talking about Kobe. Like like, like Michael Scott in the dinner party episode when, when Jan tells a story about how he runs through the glass chasing the ice cream truck, and he's like he's like, I don't like that story, babe. By the way, shout out to Victor Vasquez who called Alfred Peyton right away in the fan notes. We probably should answer some questions, but, Victor had Alfred Peyton right away, and we missed it because you and I were were looking at our notes and stuff. And that do we wanna do fan questions, or should we do our bets for tonight first? Let's do bets, and we don't have any ads to read today. So we That's right. We got time. I'll start, because I, I picked mine early this morning. You were wise to wait for for lineups and stuff, but I've got the over on Josh Hart for 26 and a half points plus rebounds versus your Atlanta Hawks, Steve. Again, Brunson questionable for tonight. Clearly, they'll need scoring elsewhere if there's no Brunson. Last 6 games, though, for Josh Hart. 16 and a half points, 12 and a half rebounds. That's 29 total. And maybe more importantly, classic Thibodeaux, he's played 40 or more minutes in each of those last 6 games. The Knicks, again, 3 of 7 in their last 10. They're a bit of a panic mode. So I think Josh Hart will once again get crazy minutes and will hit the over on 26 and a half points plus rebounds. Doc, what is your bet for tonight, sir? Well, I like what you did there because I was at the Atlanta Hawks game when Luka Doncic scored 74 points against them, I think. Yeah. No defense. The Hawks have been giving it up all year. The only thing I worry about is Hart's a better rebounder than he is a score, but you got rebounds in there. So you should be you should be good to go with that. Hart does have the occasional terrible shot. You're absolutely sure about that. You I thought you liked, just some you had some win loss picks you wanted to make. Right? Well, I'm going with I'm going with Luca Doncic against the Pacers tonight. Okay. All the Luca because the Pacers Could be a hard one. If you see a Wilt Chamberlain like night tonight. The only team that plays worse defense in Atlanta is the Pacers, and Luke is gonna be fired up to go out of there and just run all over them. Hopefully, he plays. He's kind of Right. He is a game time decision, but they've been doing that a lot, right, where they call He's always game time. Yeah. Where is that game? That's kind of In Dallas. In Dallas. So it's it's at home, so he's not, like, trying to make sure he plays the one time he's in the Indiana. Yeah. They've already been to Indiana. So So that's that makes me a little nervous, but 53.5.3bounds and assists. Give me all the Luca. You're literally placing your bet right now. You're putting it. I I just I just locked it in. Yeah. Yeah. Fabulous. Alright. I put my heart bed in before the call. Alright. That's nice. Well, shall we go to fan questions, sir? I'll pick a few. I think we kinda covered this early. Doc, is it time to panic on jjj and Hartenstein? Short answer for me. Yes. And Hartenstein's hurt again. Right? Well, I was gonna say, I think he's no. He's I haven't been paying attention to him. He, he's played the last two games. He has no injury designation. Now he's only played the bigger problem last 5. He's only averaged 21 minutes with only 5 points and 6 boards, one stock over the last 5 games. So he's, Is that because they love they love, Precious Accella that much? They don't love them that much. They don't have enough I don't know. They don't the bigger problem has been an Achilles issue. There's that word again. And so I think they've been nursing him, but I think Hartenstein is certainly droppable. You can't just outright cut j j j. He's just too good when he plays, but it is getting a little scary. It is panic time. I think the only thing we can hope with triple j is that when he gets shut down, they tell us that they're actually shutting him down, which they probably won't do that. Right. They probably could've done that 3 games ago, and we would do good right now. But he still listed his day to day. I mean, he he just have to I mean, I've been telling people to trade triple j for 2, 3 months. So Yeah. Yeah. There's nothing you can really do about it at this point other than hang in there and hope, his Achilles works better than my voice does. Or no. He's got a hip or something or an elbow. No. He's got Achilles. Hartenstein. Hartenstein's Achilles. But what about Oh, j j j. Oh, yeah. Sorry. He's got, something else. Like, his is a hip or something, isn't it? His is a terrible losing season, quadricep. Quadricep. Quad. So, yeah, that's I always predicted it was gonna be a sore back. Yeah. They can't say losing record. That sounds terrible. Alright. Let's move on. Paul has a trade he wants us to do, he's offered Cunningham and Divincenzo or he's been offered Cunningham and Divincenzo for his, Simons and Kobe White. Anta had a very nice game against the Timberwolves last night. I mean, if Brunson has any kind of extended issue, you really want Di Vincenzo. Are we worried about Cunningham finishing out the season for the Pistons? No. I think after last year's injuries, they wanna play him as much as possible, but, he says he's punting field goal and turnovers, but I feel like these guys are all field goal risks. You know? I don't know who you know? I I think I like the Simons Kobe side of this a little better. Yeah. Simons is a lot to play the rest of the season. If he's healthy, Kobe White should be getting insane minutes. Cunningham's counting stats are fine, but his overall fancy value ranking is always weird. It's always low. Percentage of the TOs. Percentage. Category. Yeah. Yeah. And I like the No. He's he's he's punting percentage in TOs, so I guess that works. I tried. Then you're training to 4 guys who shoot the ball, 4 guys who kinda do the same thing. I mean, I don't really know Right. I really don't know what the point of this trade is. It seems like, yeah, you'd be throwing in a big and a point guard. Yeah. I don't get it either. Alright. Let's move on. Thoughts on the Max Struess injury. Is he a hold, or should I drop him for Reece? Boy. Finding to stay in the playoff race. Trying trying to guess. Trying to guess. Reeve versus Reeve. Yeah. We're trying desperately find out more about this Max Streus injury. Somehow somehow I'm on the radar. He hasn't missed a game in the last, they say he's dealing with a a knee strain, and he is out for tonight tonight's game against the Celtics. He had played 20 plus straight games, so this is certainly a new situation. It's the first of a back to back. This could just be a maintenance issue. I think I hold on to Struse. Reeve trying to like, I wish I could tell you when when they're gonna force Ayton to play again or stick with Reef. Reef has no value if Ayton's playing 30 minutes a game. Yeah. But, I mean, if you can drop Struse and pick up a guy who pick up a net that still has 4 games left this week There you go. That's a bad idea. There you go. I I mean, Max Strouse is nice, but if if there's other guys on your waiver wire that do the same stuff And have I'd rather have a healthy one than than Max Strouse. Amen. Alright. Let's see. I think that's it for questions. Wait. Here we go. One more. Is Drummond a drop in a 12 team head to head? Look. Here's the thing with Drummond. It all depends on their plan. If they're playing a big squad, he gets monster minutes and monster stats. When he's playing a team that goes small, he doesn't see the court. It all depends on your other options. Do you have any more thoughts on Drummond, doc? I feel like every time I think about playing Drummond and don't, he goes bananas. And if I do something with him, he does nothing. If if the other team has a legit center and a legit power forward by legit, I mean, 69 plus with skills, that he's playing and getting stats. But when they're going small, like, last night's game, he did nothing. Absolutely nothing. I forget who they who they maybe the Clippers. Clippers don't have a real power forward, so they don't play But Yeah. What was the game a couple of games ago where he just went absolutely nuts, and it was the 26 rebound game. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Who was that against? Because they started I think it was the Bulls. Or, no, he is the Bulls. He's he's the Bulls. Yeah. No. I'm trying to remember that game. That here. Give me a second. Yeah. It but it was a team that had a real center and a real power. And played a big power forward. And they moved Vooch to power forward, which I kinda like, frankly. But his It was Orlando. It was Cleveland. No. It was Cleveland. Mobley and Allen. You know? 2 legit big. So they went big, and Drummond put up 17 points in 26 boards. But when they wanted Sacramento, Sacramento doesn't have a legit power forward, so they went small to match it. I don't know who they play next, but just check the Bulls' schedule. It's as easy as legit bigs are not. Yeah. Yeah. We got, Utah on Wednesday. Hendricks, Collins at center. It's Kessler. They're going Kessler, marketing, but they're not playing them yet. So so he's gonna have It's Johnny Collins, and then it's Golden State. He'll be on the pine for that too. They don't have a legit And then it's the clipping. He's on the pine. So his next 3, he's not gonna get big minutes. Now Monday, March 11th against Dallas might get something there. They've got enough big guys that he might he might play against them. I don't know. Yeah. Uh-huh. Alright. I I think, that might be it for today's show, sir. Should we Should we should we do one last one last question? Let's do one last question. One last question. Oh, and then oh, wait. We didn't even mention. You've got a fabulous brush with greatness rendering with. Oh. Alright. Yeah. Let's do a question, and then we'll hit them. Alright. The new role story. Manute. I'm planning field goals. 0 team is planning free throws. I give up Giannis, Shanguan, and Franz Wagner getting KD Harden and Bam out of bio. Dude, this makes my head hurt. Just a little bit. I need a spreadsheet. It's really hard on the fly to, evaluate a 6 team trade. Giannis you know what? If Giannis Achilles is a, if they're trying to balance his minutes and games, this might make sense. It's not like KD's been a, Cal Ripken this season. But No. But KD Harden and Adebayo are playing every day, and we don't know about Giannis. But, yeah, that's a lot, man. I mean, it's a big trade. I would I would need, like, an hour to fully My tendency is to take the Harden KD side of this, just because I'm worried about Giannis' Achilles. And I I liked it. I mean, I know those guys are gonna play every night. Like like, Katie Harden, I had a bio, so I'm probably probably with you on on that one. Okay. So Ken wants to hear my minute bowl story. So in, like, 1980 something, very early, my brother and I were down at the hotel in Indianapolis ahead of the Washington Bullets game, and minute bowl came waltzing through the lobby of the hotel. My brother had his camera with him. And I said, Manu, can I get my picture taken with you? Because he's so tall, and I was not very tall at the time. As Ken said, when he saw the picture, he's like, oh my god. Is this really you? You look so young. I did. And then new waved me off and said, no. No pictures. I don't like cameras. And in my mind, he said something like it'll steal part of my soul or something, but I don't think he's You mean I don't know what the Sudanese culture is for photos. I don't know. Did you know, like, there's there's there's stuff out there about, like, flash bulbs and cameras, and he did not want his picture taken. So I'm standing there next to him. My brother's, like, out in front of us, and I'm over there going, take it. And my brother's like, and a flash goes off. And and Ken also said when he saw the picture, boy, Manute doesn't look very happy in that picture. And, minute was not happy. In fact, he was so unhappy that he took off running after my brother to get his camera. My brother Really? My brother ran up the escalator stairs. He's like running and minute behind him, going up the escalator after him. And I'm just like, oh, crap. I gotta get out of here. And I, like, I, like, slip out the back door. And, we're we ring and I did late later. And, of course, had to wait, like, a week to find out if the picture came out. You know, that's what you did back then. Old cameras with actual film back then. Yes. Take it to the photo mat to see how see how things turned out. And I'll tell you what, it it's it's one of my favorites. It's right up there with the, with the Dion picture. I think you gotta frame you gotta frame the picture of you at minute even though it's a little dark. It's not a well lit. I can't find the original. So all I have is, like, pictures of the picture. Yeah. Is that what you sent me, a picture of the picture? Okay. Yeah. I I don't know where the actual photo is. You don't have the negatives? Remember they used to give you negatives when you got the film developed? I was never organized enough to, keep track of my negative. Did Manute catch your brother? No. He never did, brother. He got away. He was he's a How fast was Manute running, Jim? Was he, like, really what what what does he do if he catches your brother? He's gonna smash the camera? I think he was gonna take the camera. Wow. Take the film or just tell him that was not cool. Why did you take my picture? I told you not to. Oh, I didn't understand you, mister Bull. I'm sorry. You look you look you look good in this photo, though. You look pretty happy. Oh, dude. I was I was having the time of my life hanging out in the new seconds before my brother took his picture. Just the good old just the good old time. That is a fabulous story to end with. I'm gonna get plugged the free trial, and then you you give us the outro, doc. Fans, remember, go to rotawire.com /pod, or you can also go to rotawire.com/try, whichever is easier for you to remember for an absolutely free, no credit card needed trial of all things rotor wire, the entire sport, all the sports, all the content, all the DFS, all the season long, all the betting advice you could possibly want, go to rotawire.com/podorrotawire.com/try. Yeah. And it's just in time for baseball season. We're finally to that point where this vacant black hole of no sports at times is almost over. We have the masters coming. We got March Madness. We got baseball. We got NBA playoffs. We got the end of your NBA basketball season. Like, it's all coming together. Now is a great time to get in. Alright. Well, Camilla and I will be back here on Thursday. Hopefully, my voice will be here with me because it's been shaky all year. Ken, that's it, man. Thanks for coming on again. Thank you, brother. Good luck on Friday. Looks like April 2nd will be our, our grand finale together this season. Fantastic. Thanks, Paul. You then. Alright. Never gets never gets old.