Welcome to the rotor wire fantasy basketball podcast, attempt number 2, James, to record the Western conference over under win total picks. Some you and I do every year. We did the Eastern conference last week. For those of you just listening to this as a podcast, you're probably wondering what we're talking about. For those of you who were, on the stream, whether it was on YouTube or on Twitter, we we went hard for about 5 minutes, James, and then just had a out of nowhere hailstorm, descend on Madison, Wisconsin. Yeah. It was pretty wild. I do the recordings looking out my front window. And, yeah, I haven't seen hail that big in Madison before, and it was in October. So, pretty random. Alright. Well, we we think the storm has passed, so we're back at it about 10 minutes after the the initial recording. We're gonna run through all 15, wind total over unders for the Western Conference. Again, we did the east this time last week. You could check that out, in the podcast feed on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, wherever you get that. You can also find the video version archived on Twitter as well as the Fantasy Basketball YouTube channel. We're closing in on a 1000 subscribers, James. We just launched this a couple of weeks ago, so we implore you, to please go like our video, subscribe to that channel. We'll continue to bring you a ton of content throughout the fantasy basketball season. And, of course, that begins tomorrow night, with opening night, 2 games. We got the Lakers and the Nuggets, the Suns, and the Warriors. James, I wanna stick to the win totals, though. I I don't wanna start, you know, veering off track here. This is gonna end up being a 2 hour pod. So let's get right into the Western Conference. We'll do alphabetically as we always do. So that means we are starting with the Dallas Mavericks, a 38 win team a year ago. The number is 43a half, and we're in agreement off the bat. We're both going under on the Mavericks. Yeah. I just don't think you know, I think this is an incredibly top heavy roster, and I don't really think Kyrie Irving matters that much in it. Like whether or not you get 60 games or 40 games. Yep. I just think don't judge isn't quite at that. Nicole yo, Kitsch. Yeah, to satiatekounmpo level. You know, he's not the 2 way guy that yanis's. He doesn't, you know, keep the ball moving and make everyone better on offense. The way yo, koch did does, it's very Heliocentric and I think his game travels really well into postseason play because there just aren't many teams that can stop him from getting where he wants in the half quart in the postseason. But I think regular season you're looking at probably Josh Green or Grant Williams is the third best player on this entire team, which is just a real kind of testament to their lack of quality players. Really? I mean, depth is one thing, but they don't even have like a good 3rd and 4th player on this roster. Yeah, and that's what ultimately pushed me to the under because I think there is there's a case to be made that Luca is so good. Luca specifically, and that's without even bringing Kyrie into the equation that if if you just put the right type of players around him, they don't have to be stars, but just the right type of players that, you know, he alone can get you to to 40 wins. He's basically done close to that through the first few years of his career, but I I'm just really down, on these role players. You can make a case that Grant Williams is their 3rd best player or, I don't know, Josh Green, Tim Hardaway junior. Take take your pick. I mean, they're they're gonna be relying, you know, very heavily on a rookie and Derek Lively. We'll we'll see what he looks like. You know, he's he's shown some flashes, but I I think they're gonna be asking a lot of him right away. I I I just feel like more can go wrong than could go right with this Babs team. I will ask you, though, like, how much did you consider the way that they ended last season? You know, Dallas was on was on, like, a 43, 44 win pace. But, of course, you know, they they kinda went in the tank. They benched Luca and Kyrie. They they went 2 and 9 in their last 11 games. So, like, that that 38 wins a year ago, do you look at that as, like, somewhat of a false final? You know, on the one hand, they giving up guys like a guy like Dorian Finney Smith in that Kyrie deal. Like that's the exact type of player this team needs and this player this team lacks. I mean during finish Smith would clearly be the 3rd best player on this team. So I I just kind of think they they gave up sort of a more well rounded roster to go super offense heavy down the stretch. They obviously sort of tanked a little bit. I'm just not weighing it that much. I just I just don't think this is a quality enough team for me to bet on them going over 500 in a Western Conference where there's going to be 11 teams really doing their best to to get into the mid forties. That was the other thing for me is there's there's just not gonna be that many easy wins out there for a team like Dallas. You know, I I think you could take up you basically look at, like, the top 7 or 8 teams, and those are 5050 games at best for the Mavs. And, you know, unless they're playing San Antonio, Portland, you know, maybe Utah, we'll we'll talk about them in a bit. There's there's just not there's not a set of free wins on the schedule. And I I think even if, you know, Luca stays healthy, even if Kyrie, you know, has kind of a best case season in terms of games played, it's the team that is probably, you know, scuffling its way to the 41, 42 wins. So 43 and a half, just a little bit too high for me. You know, again, I think you're you're asking a lot of of Kyrie and Luca in terms of games played, in terms of chemistry, and in terms of shouldering a massive offense burden for a team that I just don't think is all that good. We're going under on the Dallas Mavericks. The Denver Nuggets, James, the defending champions, 53 wins a year ago. The number is placed at 52 and a half. You like the over? I I'm waiting under here. Yeah. I mean, I I think they get into the low fifties. I'm not sold. They get to 53 necessarily, but this is just going to be whenever you'll catch is out there. It's basically the best offense in the league and they've got so much continuity in the key spots on this roster. Probably the best starting 5 in the league. You know, I think they've they've shown a really solid ability to find contributors in the draft. A lot of buzz about like Julian Strautzer this year. Similarly to Christian Braun last year. So I I think yo catches is the MVP. I think he probably should be a 3 time defending MVP at this point and he's one of the best bets to stay healthy. I think Jamal Murray has his best season, as a pro this year and makes the All Star team. So I think they just kind of get to, like, 54, 53, not a slam dunk over, but I think they're they're too good for me to go under here. Yeah. I I think, you know, if they just kind of flip it on cruise control, they're they're kind of an automatic 50 win team. So this this was not a a lock for me by any means. But I I also think there's something that, you know, when you when you kinda get into that title contention mode and, you know, we talked about this last week with teams like Boston and Milwaukee, you know, the the regular season kinda becomes less and less valuable. Like, there's there's no real sense in, like, pushing to win 62 games even if that's what your roster is capable of. I I don't see Denver really doing that, you know, after playing all the way into June, this past year. You know, they've had some guys playing in in in FIBA and whatnot. I I think they probably pull back a little bit and and and make sure they they make it through this regular season as healthy as possible. I mean, Jamal Murray had a quote earlier today. I I saw on Twitter where he was I I feel like it was a little bit tongue in cheek, but even he was saying, like, yeah. I don't know that we're gonna be, like, firing on all cylinders right away. You know? Like, we we have some important pieces to replace. We're relying on some young players to to to step into larger roles. And this is not an overly deep team. Like, I I think they're confident, you know, in guys like, you know, Reggie Jackson giving them okay minutes as backup point guard. You know, Christian Braun stepping into a a a larger role. You know, Julian Strawthers look really good as a young player. Peyton Watson, somebody that they've mentioned, you know, to kinda step into that Bruce Brown role for them. But, ultimately, I I think there's going to be a learning curve for a lot of those players. And I think, you know, this is a team that I I don't see, like, running away with the Western Conference. And ultimately, I I don't know if they really care what their seat is. The other thing that pushed me toward the under here, James, is is Denver was, you know, remarkably healthy last season by current NBA standards. Right? You know, they they only have, like, one one starter get to 70 games, which is KCP, who's, like, 75 games every year. But, you know, like, Aaron Gordon, Jokic, Murray, you know, Bruce Brown played 80 games. Like, their their core guys for the most part were healthier than just about every core in the NBA. And, you know, it's a testament to the type of players that they have. Like, I I I they don't have a bunch of Anthony Davis' on this roster, but I I do think there's a decent chance that at least one of those guys, you know, succumbs to an injury at some point. And, you know, for a team that doesn't have a ton of depth as far as, you know, returning Champions go. I think that could hurt them. Yeah. I think all the points you made are are solid points. I don't feel that strongly about the over. They do have one of the best home court advantages in the league. If not the best just in factoring the elevation and everything. So that'll work in their favor. And I mean, I do think if it, you know, if the number one seed is kind of on the line, like, I don't think they're just gonna completely keep it on cruise control the whole way. I think they'd rather have game 7 at home than in Phoenix or in Golden State. So, I don't I don't feel that strongly in it. It's just kind of, you know, how many teams have this much continuity and this good of a a lead player. So Okay. Fair enough. Last thing on the Nuggets, and this this kinda ties into the team that we might be talking about next year. But do you feel like based on where we were at the end of last season when, you know, Denver, for the most part, cruised its way through the Western Conference playoffs and and obviously to the NBA title. Do you do you feel like there's still, you know, a gap between Nuggets as as the clear best team and then everybody else? Or is that gap barreled at all to you? In the west or the holy? In the west. I think there should be a small gap there in just the way that they're all discussed. You know, I think there's theoretical versions of these other teams that are in their class, but I think given that we saw them just go on a dominant run through the Western Conference playoffs, you know, their young core, like, Jokic Murray. Those guys are absolutely in the middle of their primes. They're not aging out of their primes. So I think they have to be considered in in a small class of their own in the west. Yeah. I I feel more comfortable, like, giving this team the benefit of the doubt than than just about any other. Just just, you know, for Jokic alone, you know, with with the the the floor that he presents and, you know, that's something that obviously translates to fantasy as well. Let's go to the warriors. 44 wins a year ago. The number is 47a half for Golden States. That is 3rd among Western Conference teams behind only Denver and the Phoenix Suns. We are both go going over on Golden State. You know, I I think with the Warriors at this point, James, like, it is it is fair to question, you know, the age of of Stephen Curry, of Klay Thompson, of Chris Paul, Draymond Green, who has already been ruled out, for opening night. He's been dealing with an ankle injury for these last couple of weeks. You know, I I'm very interested to see how they end up using Chris Paul, you know, what his role you know, whether that transitions at some point, throughout the season. I I eve even though all these guys are a year older than I just mentioned, like, I I I feel like they'll have a little bit better health luck this year. We went through a lot of injuries last season. You know, they're kinda like a 500 team for for half of the year. I I think getting rid of Jordan Poole, even though you're you're you're annexing a, a potential 2025 point per game score, I I think that could be a net positive for them, you know, the way that that relationship seemed to sour by the end of the year. And, you know, nothing else. We're we're kinda falling back on the Warriors infrastructure. Yeah. And, you know, no Jordan pool. No, James Wiseman. I think that's 2 major additions by subtraction just in terms of their their defense. Draymond Green was one of the best defenders in the league last year, but the team defense was very mediocre. All things considered. I think they got those weak links out of there. I think it just kinda comes down to health. I think if this team has just sort of okay health, they get this over pretty comfortably. I think they could get to 50 wins. But if Steph Curry misses, like, 30 games with something, then it's in big time jeopardy. We saw how important Andrew Wiggins was to them when he wasn't around for a good chunk of last year. So injuries could sink this, but I think just looking at the talent on paper, there's no more of this kind of pulling in 2 different directions with the young guys and the old guys. They still have some of the young guys, but, they brought up the old guy. I think I think everyone kinda knows which direction that everyone should be pulling. So, yeah, I I think it's an over. Yeah. And, you know, we can we can kinda joke about Chris Paul at this point in his career. He's still he's still a winning player, especially if he's giving you, like, 27 good minutes tonight, whether that's starting or coming off the bench. Like, I I actually like that as a regular season move for the warriors. I think he's gonna be in a great spot to to kinda limit his workload, pick his spots. I think he's going to help them as long as he stays healthy. You're totally right about Curry. I mean, it's I I I I mostly feel like we don't talk enough about how much time he's missed, you know, these last few years. He's in that basket of some of those older stars. You know, Durant, LeBron, he's, like, 56, 64, 63, 5, 69, 51 over the last 6 seasons. Like, there's not a lot of evidence to suggest that he's gonna suddenly play 74 games here. Like, I I think you gotta bake in at least probably 15 missed games for him, but I I also think he plays more than 56, which is where he was at last year. And you mentioned the Wiggins thing. You kinda forget about that with how much time he missed. Like, that was that was kind of a one off. You know, he's never really been injured. He he was, you know, kind of an 80, 82 game guy early in his career. Like, I think just getting you know, even if you get a 80% season from Andrew Wiggins, like, they they really, really missed him, down the stretch last year and and getting him back in the mix, I think, is a huge, you know, kind of baseline booster for the Warriors. So we both like the over on 47 and a half for Golden State. Let's go to the Houston Rockets, James. This is a a really fun one. 22 wins last year. The number's all the way up at 31a half. You could argue that no team made more sweeping changes than the Houston Rockets that starts, you know, at at head coach with coming in. They have this weird this weird balance now between young and old. And I I you know, bringing in Dillon Brooks, bringing in Fred VanVleet, you know, that that raises your floor. It certainly does. But I I do worry about the the push and pull here, kind of what you mentioned with the Warriors. I mean, you're trying to develop Ahmed Thompson, Jalen Green, Cam Whitmore, Tard Eason, Jamari Smith, Alpern Changoon. Like, how does that contrast with with bringing in Van Fleet and Dylan Brooks specifically? I think Van Fleet complements everything perfectly because he's he can play, he can play on ball, he can play off ball. Yeah, he's gonna bomb threes and space the floor. He's not gonna insist on trying to go 1 on 1 or anything like that. He's a good team Defender. My one sort of hold back here. I am going over but I am worried that Dillon Brooks might view himself as kind of like the wing score on this team or something. So I don't know. I have yet to see what Dillon Brooks is shot die. It's going to look like this year as long as he just can somehow kind of stay within the team concept. I think he made a joke as a huge part of the over here. I think you're going from arguably the worst coast coach in the league to a guy who not that long ago had a case as like a top 5 coach in the league. And I just I think it's really great to have this specific coach for this specific roster because I don't think you'd do is going to have any problems telling Jalen Green or telling Amin Thompson or Jabari Smith. Some some hard truths about actually worries me for their fantasy value, right? So like I think he can legitimately tell those guys, you know, if you keep doing this, yeah, I'm not going to play you as much like, you know, that type of thing. So, and this team also just has so much size and athleticism especially on the wing, you know, I'm in Thompson's Not going to win rookie of the year or anything like that this year just because of how loaded that rookie of their classes at the top. But like I think he's just gonna really make a name for himself as a rookie and you know, I don't expect them to play guys like cam Whitmore very much, especially early in the season. I think they are going to try to win games. They're not gonna really get in that play in tournament mix, but I don't think they're gonna wave the white flag on that until it's it's pretty clear the writing's on the wall towards the end of the season. I'm gonna go under, 31 and a half. I I I think they'll be better at, you know, bringing in Van Vliet and bringing in Brooks. Like, you know, we we can kinda quibble about the efficiency with Van Vliet. We could quibble about the personality with Dylan Brooks, but those guys are are gonna help you win games. I I just I still think in the hierarchy of the West, they're probably a bottom 3, maybe bottom 4 team for me, and that's gonna be tough to get to at least 32. I I think it'll be really close. I would not be surprised if this one goes over. You're totally right about Udoka. Like, I I actually I love the fit here. You know, I I I think obviously for a coach who, you know, has has been to the NBA finals, has had success early in his career. It's kind of a weird, you know, step down, you know, especially given what what happened to him last year, but I love the fit. Like, I think this is exactly the type of coach, kind of the anti Steven Silas in a lot of ways that's that's gonna get these guys in line. I I don't know if you watch the Rockets much during the preseason. The Jalen Green shot selection has been alarming. He's making a lot of them. But like he's I don't know if he's just has been like grinding Nick Young tape. I mean, it's been it's been wild. It's been wild. They're gonna be really fun to watch. I think this this could be a top 3 if you're just taking wins and losses out of the equation. Like this is going to be an extremely fun League past team and that's a big difference to me at least from last year. Like I you know how much I couldn't stand watching Kevin Porter Junior play basketball that getting rid of him, you know, circumstances aside that is a plus. Yeah, it just it's really going to make a huge difference for their watchability. Just knowing that he's not gonna be the guy chucking the ball at the end of the shot clock or anything like that. So, yeah, I I think they're one of the the teams I'm most excited to watch. Dillon Brooks could assume that mantle that Kevin Porter junior mantle, maybe not as much sort of on ball, but, you know, halfway through the shot clock, you know, that that could be an issue. But I mean, I really hope this is here for Jalen Green, You know, Jabari Smith looked as as good as anyone in summer league. I think Ahmed Thompson's looked as good as anyone in the preseason. So, really excited about that young core. Let's go to the LA Clippers. 44 wins a year ago. Their number is at 45 and a half, James. This is the this is the lowest Clippers win total of the Paul George, Kawhi Leonard era. And I think that makes sense. You know, I I almost feel like we are we're in like the Zion Williamson territory now with the Clippers where, you know, the last couple years, there's always somebody who's willing to buy in and be like, man, if they're healthy, they still might be that team. And it it feels like most people have kind of jumped off of that island now. Yeah. Why would this be? Why would they be getting healthier as they get older? I don't know. So that, you know, that's kind of, I'm just not gonna be the sucker that expects Kawhi and Paul George to play 60 games apiece, throw out 65 or 70. But like if Kawhi Leonard played 60 games this year, I think they would go over this. But I just don't think you should be betting on that. And I think the fact that the Clippers have been unwilling to kind of mortgage more of their future around. These guys is a sign that, you know, maybe they're not sold on really having these massive names as a part of this team entering that new building. I know everyone always sites the new Arena is like, well, they're they're not going to get rid of these guys. They need them for the new Arena. I mean, if this is just an old ass team that is going to win 40 games, people aren't gonna show out to the arena just because they recognize the names. So, I don't think they're just gonna keep digging themselves a hole here if it becomes really obvious they're not, true title contenders with this group. Yeah. I mean, while acknowledging that if health does break their way and that we're we're speaking relatively to, I think you make a good point that, like, you know, a good health season for Kawhi and Paul George is, like, 62 games apiece. And but by the way, George is, like, sneakily missed more time than Kawhi over the last 4 years. Like, it's it's not like it's just Kawhi. I think we talked about him. Like, he's he's basically been, like, 50 to 55 games, and I I expect that to be the case again this year. It'll look great early on. It'll you know, something will pop up, and they'll be in and out the rest of the year. That's just kinda what it is at this point, in his career. But, yeah, George is the guy that's actually had, you know, these these kinda, like, you know, several weeks, several months type of injuries that have really killed them. And I I also don't love the supporting cast here. I I just the Terrence Mann thing is so bizarre to me. He he played, like, 20 minutes a game off the bench last year. He's 27 years old. Like, why why why are we why are we propping up Terrence Mann as if he's this untouchable asset? Like, I was I was joking with Alex at the pod a couple weeks ago. It's like it's like they had a meeting and we're just like, what? Can we try to convince everybody that Terrence Mann is awesome? Like, a fan of him, like, earlier in his career, but, like, why is his value really that high around the league? Or is this just the Clippers trying to try to pump him up? I just think if you're the Sixers or whatever team is thinking about trading with the Clippers, you don't want any of the other guys. It's not even that you're like, oh man, we really got our get our hands on Terrence man, but I think every team would take Terrence man and plug them into their rotation. Whereas I think, you know, maybe you don't want Norman Powell or Robert Covington on their current deals as much. It's more kind of dead salary. Whereas man fits into other teams rotations. I I think it's it. The funniest thing about it is it's not even like tyloo loves Terrence man. Ty Lou plays him like 28 minutes a game. So less than that. Yeah, less than that. So 2023 minutes a game last year and you didn't start half of his appearances. It's not a good Supporting Cast. I think that's really important to point out because even just a year ago, people would tell you this was the deepest team in the league and I think everyone kind of realizes, all these guys are pretty much over the hill except for Kawhi and Paul George. The shooting is really pretty bad. Like, if they start Westbrook Zoo botch and man, that's Terrence Mann is your 3rd best shooter. Just, yeah, it's it's it's kind of shaky. Even if those guys do stay healthy. There's been an alarming reliance on Nick Batum the last couple of years for the Clippers who is like basically washed up by the time he left Charlotte and, you know, credit to him for for kind of salvaging the the final years of his career. But man, like that that guy should not be giving you 20 minutes a night. That's just that's just not the recipe to to win 45 plus games. Last thing on the Clippers, it was there any thought to, okay, what if a James Harden trade happens a week from now? Does that does that give them a significant boost? Do you really feel any differently about this team? I don't really because I assume they would have, they would have Westbrook and Harden back together on the same team. Harden would make their defense worse. It would really compromise the amount of lineups. They could actually play Westbrook in and get away with it. I think it would just really, you know, at this stage of their careers, I think you'd rather just have Kawhi Leonard initiating offense instead of James Harden. So whenever hard's initiating it, Leonard is just kinda sitting there with his hands on his knees. And whenever Leonard's initiating it, Harden's hanging out at half court. So I don't love it that much from a basketball fit standpoint either, and they'd be giving up a rotation player at least to get hard. Let's go to the Lakers. 43 wins a year ago. The number is 46a half. I I always approach this team with caution. I think a lot of the same things that we said about the Clippers and a lot of the same things we said about the Warriors also apply to the LA Lakers. You gotta estimate 20 missed games for LeBron at this point. We've been doing that for Anthony Davis for a long time. But I I I do think with somewhat limited flexibility, the lakers had about as close to a home run off season as they could have had. They they still have some flexibility as far as what they could do with the D'Angelo Russell contract at some point this season. I think the expectation remains that they probably try to cash that in for an upgrade at some point. Yeah, I've heard a lot of, a lot of rhetoric around the Lakers, James, that, you know, oh, if LeBron and Davis, you know, they they missed 15, 20 games, like, they could survive without them. Like, that I I don't I don't quite know that the supporting cast is that good. You know, I I don't think let's say LeBron and Davis missed 10 games, you know, like, together. They're they're both out for those 10 games. Like, I don't think the Lakers are going 7 to 3, and that's fair. Like, you you take those guys away. This is still not a very good roster. But the emergence of Austin Reeves obviously gives them a a pretty high end third option. You know, D'Angelo Russell for all of his faults is is okay if he's your 4th or 5th guy in in the starting lineup. So I'm I'm okay with that, but, I I I still do worry about the the health of LeBron and Davis. Nonetheless, I'm going over here. I I think last year felt like it really couldn't have been any worse for the Lakers health wise. So, even if you even if you're 10 to 15% healthier this year, I I think that's probably enough to get to 47. Yeah. This is one of my favorite bets in the West. The over on the Lakers here, at 46 and a half. I the only way they go under to me is just, you know, big time injuries to AD more so than LeBron. Like, I think they, I think they can go 500 in games. LeBron doesn't play as long as a d's out there. But if you take a d away, their defense just completely crumbles. I kind of like a d for defense player of the year. I think, you know, I think it's all just you have to kinda look at this team as just sort of from when they traded Russ last year on as just that was a different team than the team they had before they traded Russ. Not only did you get him out of there and he was a huge net negative by the time they traded him, but Austin Reeves fully ascends after you get rid of Russ. So, you know, I love, I love the role that Reeves is going to be in this year. I think we had Jamura is in a really good place, you know, he's not gonna be asked to do too much on this team. Might give them a bit more defensively than we've seen in the past from him. Obviously, I'm, you know, I don't like the way Russell plays, but I think he's a fine caretaker as sort of like a second ball handler or even a first ball handler when LeBron and razor off the court. So I just I think this is a a really, really, strong roster minus the Christian Wood addition. I even at the minimum, I think you just kinda keep them away from from your team. But apart from that, I just I think they killed it. Yeah. I I I don't understand the Christian Wood thing. I I I get, you know, you just wanna bring in the talent, but I don't know how many times we need to go through this with him. I mean, my hope is he's not really in the rotation. I I don't think they need him to be, you know? So I I think that's one thing to bring him into Dallas and be like, alright. You're our 3rd option. Like, we're we're gonna need to play you 28 minutes tonight. Like, we're with the Lakers. I think he's gonna be getting a decent amount of DMP. So from that perspective, I think it's okay. But, yeah, I didn't love that either. I don't know why, you know, Cam Reddish I'm not sure why he's on this roster either. I don't think he's gonna make, much of an impact. But this is this is the rare LeBron team that I I think is built to to succeed in the regular season and then, you know, kinda condense that rotation and hopefully make some upgrades, prior to the postseason. But, yeah, if if LeBron gives you 65 games and Davis gives you around 65 games, I think this is a pretty easy over for the Lakers. Alright. Let's do the grizzlies. 51 wins a year ago, 46 and a half is the number for Memphis. It's juiced. Is that juiced pretty heavily to the under, James. Minus 158 to the under. We are both going under. I I always approach the grizzlies with caution because they're well coached. They found ways to win games without Jamarant the last couple of years. We we know all about that. But, you know, now they're without Steven Adams for the entire season, which was kind of a big deal. You know, I I obviously, you got Jaren Jackson there defensively, but that puts a lot now on, you know, Santi Aldama, Xavier Tillman, David Roddy. Some of these guys who've been up and down the last couple of years, not a lot of experience there. You know, I I love Desmond Bane for Fantasy. I I actually kinda like this landing spot for Marcus Smarta. I think he kinda fits what they want to do. But you take away John Morant for basically a third of the season. You take away, another starter in Steven Adams for the entire season. And it it's it's hard for me to to see this as a team that's, you know, kinda anywhere in the ballpark of 50 wins. And if if you're going over here, you're talking, you know, 47, 48 wins. I I don't think that happens. I just don't think they have quite enough talent. And and, you know, part of this applies to to kinda what we said about Dallas where it's not it's not like I'm off. I'm just kind of on, you know, some of the other teams in the west getting better and making some of those wins more difficult to come by. Yeah. I don't think they changed the actual line after the Steven Adams injury. So that's why the juice is so insane. Like they just kind of change the juice. They didn't change the 46 and a half. I'm I think I was gonna go over on 46 and a half before the Adams injury, but it just feels like they've lost one too many guys here. You know, they're really kind of digging, you know, Xavier Tillman's a, you know, he's a fine backup option. It's it's nice that they have him, but it's just gonna be way too much Xavier Tillman at the end of the day. And Jaren Jackson really needs that center next to him to to really kind of flourish defensively. I it's kind of a bummer because I do like some of the players on like I think Zaire Williams is is poised for kind of a mini breakout year. I think he has looked really good in the the preseason. You know, I like the idea of Kenneth Lofton junior getting like 15 minutes off the bench. I think that would be awesome TV. But now that Adams is injured, you might be seeing Lofton, like, need to play 20 minutes off the bench, which I don't think you really wanna be in that position. So I like some of the players. It's just they've they've lost too many guys here, I think, to to keep the number here at 46 and a half. Okay. Before we move on to the Minnesota Timberwolves, got some messages to pass along from our wonderful sponsors that begins with underdog. Underdog fantasy is the number one platform for NBA best ball and DFS player pickup contest. If you have not tried underdog yet, new users at underdog can receive a first time deposit bonus up to $500 and a free 6 month subscription to rotor wire. You just have to use the promo code RWNBA at sign up. That is RWNBA visit underdogfantasy.com or download the underdog app today. Fantastic interface on that app, by the way, love using it, and make sure to use that promo code RW NBA to claim your free 6 month RO wire subscription, as well as that deposit bonus up to $500. Vivid seats. The NBA season is here. And on behalf of our friends at vivid seats, let's get one thing clear. Nothing. Nothing James Anderson beats seeing your favorite team crush it on the court to the sound of thousands of screaming fans, every dunk, every dribble, and every heart pounding play from your favorite team live and in person. And because vivid seats is the only ticketing company where you can earn rewards on every purchase, you can score amazing deals and unrivaled annual awards all season long. Plus with a 100% buyer guarantee, you could be sure your ticket will be as legit as your love for the game. Visit vivid seats.com or download their app today and use the promo code rotowire, r0towire. That'll get you $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Again, that promo code is rotowire for $20 off your first $200 ticket purchase. Download the app or visit vividseats.com. Vivid Seats. Experience it live. One final message from our friends at rival fantasy. LeBron versus Jordan, Magic versus Bird, Barkley versus McHale. Basketball is synonymous with legendary player rivalries They make the game more fun, and they give fans the storylines that raise the stakes every time those players meet on the court or come up in conversation. Now every player matchup and head to head debate can be settled on rival fantasy. This NBA season, you could play challenges where you decide which NBA player will score more fantasy points in their next game, play the rival fantasy in house challenges, or create your own and get a friend in the mix with customizable social challenges. You could sign up today at joinrival.com/ro wire. If you do that right now, you'll get a $200 deposit match. Get in on this right now before the 2023, 24 NBA season tips off. So you got, like, I don't know, 26 hours at this point. It's time to step up to the challenge on rival fantasy. We'll see you in the arena. Again, go to join rival.com/rotoWire. Get that $200 deposit match. Alright. Let's get back to it, James. The Minnesota Timberwolves, 42 wins a year ago. The number is sitting at 44a half. You're going under? I I think I'm getting sucked back in here, James. I'm taking the over. Yeah. I'm I feel, very scorned, and, I just I have no I have no loyalty to this, Timberwolves team after, how disappointed I've been in in them and actually kind of 2 iterations of the Karl Anthony Towns, Timberwolves. I remember I was super high on them back when they had Jimmy Butler and that obviously did not work out and I was super high on them last year after they got Rudy Gobert. But, you know, I think getting rid of D'Angelo Russell for Mike Conley. I think that was a huge way of maybe giving this a chance because I just don't think it was gonna work with Russell there. But they also just haven't solved the biggest issue here, and that's the lack of space for Anthony Edwards. I, you know, everyone keeps talking about him possibly ascending to, you know, being kind of like a true Superstar. I think he might be ready to do that in the right situation. I just don't know why this is the right situation Even though Jade McDaniels, Carly towns can stretch the floor. It's still just too much size. It's going to be clogging things up too much, especially when go Bears out there with a couple other bigs and like 5 of their 8 best players are bigs. So, you know, I know they have to trade somebody sooner than later just to kind of make all the contracts fit long term. I would think that towns or go bear would be that guy. Probably towns just because you're not gonna get anything back for go bear, but I just the way things are right now. I just think it's gonna be too crowded. I don't think they really solve their biggest issue last year, which is just a lack of spacing. And I know they're gonna try to win as many games as possible. So I think it's gonna be right in the middle here, right, kind of low forties to mid forties, but I just can't trust this team, after what they did last year. Totally fair. Especially the point of just stockpiling big men and, you know, signing Nas Reed to an extension to basically be your like 3rd center. I, I don't didn't really totally get that, but, you know, he's been good for them off the bench the last couple of years. I, I don't like the guard depth and I, I have questions about the wing depth as well. Like, you know, Kyle Anderson could kinda float between both of those spots, which is nice. And I actually like bringing in Jake Milton, but, like, Nikhil Alexander Walker, not not really doing it for me. You know, I don't don't love a lot of the options they have at point guard. I know Jordan McLaughlin's been been fine the last couple of years, but I think they I think they could've used some upgrades, you know, around this roster. Like, you know, Troy Brown is somebody that they're gonna bring in, and he's probably gonna play real minutes for them. Hasn't really found an NBA home yet. Didn't love what he gave the lakers last year. I you know, part of the reason I'm going over, and I I don't think it's by much, but there's there's been no reason to to think that Anthony Edwards isn't going to play, like, 75 games, if not more. Like, he's been, you know, as close to, like, an 80 game player as it gets in the modern NBA. And, like, if your best player who you you think could take a a big step forward in year 4, if he's out there for you every night, I I think that gives you an advantage over a lot of teams where we're talking about their stars playing 55 to 60 games. So I I I do think that, you know, the Timberwolves care about the regular season more than other teams. I think they'll be healthier than other teams. And I I also look at last last season as kind of a worst case scenario for Towns. And I know he's had a couple of these seasons. So it's not like, you know, 29 games a year ago is a is a total one off. He played 35, in 20 19 20, played 50 the year after, after after being this, like, complete Ironman the 1st 4 years of his career. It kinda feels like it could go either way now. But I also think he probably plays 60 plus games. Like, he's not playing 29 again, and and that'll be big for Minnesota. Are are you totally out on Gobert? Like, I I've actually been scooping him up into Fantasy Leagues because the price is just so low. I mean, you could get him you can get him in the late sixties and the seventies in subleagues, and, you know, that's essentially where he finished last year. He was right around, like, 65 overall in Roto Leagues. I I I feel like the shot blocking has to come around. Like, he's just there's just no evidence to suggest that he's ever been, like, a 1.4 blocks per game guy like he was a season ago. But are are you just completely avoiding him in fantasy? I'm not completely avoiding him, but I I think this team is just better when only one of those guys is out there. And so I think like, you know, the whole car with the towns is going to be healthier. Well, that just tells me that they're going to be ineffective in those minutes where they have to play those guys together. It's just it's too clunky, you know, on offense, there's nowhere to put Rudy gobert other than the paint or use them in the pick and roll. But like, I think Edwards would much rather just create and beat his man, but then go Bears man sitting there waiting for him to paint. And then on defense, Karl with the towns asking him to guard asking one of those 2 to guard, you know, the the 4 on the other team if if they can dribble at all. It's just a total mess. So, I just I would like this team more if they sold Kat or Gobert for 60¢ on the dollar just to kinda free things up. The New Orleans Pelicans, 42 wins a season ago. 44 and a half is the number for New Orleans. We're both going under here, James. I I I really like this team. I like a lot of the pieces. I I liked it last year. You know, part of it is the the inherent lack of trust in in Zion Williamson staying healthy. But I I I there's just I don't know. There's there's something kind of missing with this team and and again, maybe Zion, you know, covers up for a lot of that if he's out there for for 55 plus games, but I I don't know if we can count on that whatsoever. You know, I think I think CJ McCollum's best years are behind him. For the most part, I I I like Brandon Ingram, but, you know, this is also a roster that to me is, like, devoid of a a true, you know, perennial no doubter type of all star. Like, they they have a couple guys that are borderline each year, and and Zion is is likely that guy if he plays enough games. But, I I I also come back to the fact that, like, we do we know for sure that Zion is, like, a a no doubt winning player? Like, there's there's there's been a lot of positives as far as, like, the counting stats for Fantasy and, you know, started to show a little bit more as a passer before he got hurt, 2 seasons ago. But, I I I still think a lot of the numbers that he's put up. I wouldn't say they're empty numbers, but I I I don't know that he's been an an overwhelmingly winning player even when he's been on the court. I think I think he is a winning player when he's out there. I think that they showed that last year. I mean, they were just one of the best teams in the the conference whenever he was healthy. And I might have been able to talk myself into the over here if Trey Murphy was fully healthy, but he's such a huge piece for them because this is just not a good shooting team. You have McCollum Ingram is, you know, he's a good scorer, but I don't think he's, you know, he's not at his best when he's just stretching in the corner or something like that. Yep. Nobody's gonna respect Herb Jones. You you want Balchunas shooting, you want Zion shooting. So not having that that other shooter out there with McCollum, I think is a is a big issue early in the season. And, you know, again, I even when all the guys are healthy, like, I don't think Zion and Ingram are good fits together. I don't think Zion and Balchunas are good fits together. So it's not like all the pieces here just make the the whole roster, you know, sing. I think there's some really talented players on this roster. They've had some good picks over the years, but, yeah, I think it's just it's such a crowded west. You're kinda looking for reasons to go under with some of these teams, and I think there's plenty of reasons with the Pelican. Yeah. That's a good way to put it. You know, a lot of the pieces that you ran through, again, like, we we like these guys. I I I like Herb Jones. Like, even, you know, someone like Naji Marshall has given them decent minutes and, you know, they they still have Larry Nance to to give you 18 good minutes off the bench. Like, I I I like what the team is. I I just we we saw 2 sides of them through the kind of the first half of last season. Right? I mean, they were number 1 in the west, around Christmas. Right? They were 18 and 8 to begin the year, and then you fast forward a month and a half and they're 26 to 27. You know, like, I I those are just 2 completely different faces of this team. Like, I I don't I don't think good teams, you know, have a a random, like, 11 game losing streak, in the middle of January February. Like, that that that just doesn't happen. Like, there's still there's still something missing with this team. And and, you know, again, I'll say it for, like, the 4th time. Like, maybe maybe it's Zion stays healthy that that cures all evils for this team. And, look, I I think if he if he plays 65 games that they're going over, I I think that's going to be the case. But I I I don't really know how you can have any level of confidence, that that Zion Williamson is going to make it through this season. Like, let alone even give you 50 games. Right? I mean, what what would you set the over under at for games played for Zion this season with the context that he has played 24, 61, 0, and 29 over 4 seasons? I would set it at 41a half. I think that's fair. And I would say that betting the under on the Zion Pelicans has been extremely profitable since he got into the league. Okay. Well, we we got a comment in the stream that says, let's stop talking about the Pelicans. They're mid team unless their star is available, and he never is, which sums it up pretty good. So I think we will move on. The OKC Thunder, James, this will be a fun one. 40 wins last year, 44a half is the win total. Everybody's going over on the Thunder. Is there any any reason here that that we would fade the public? Because I'm I'm taking the bait going over. Yeah. I mean, I do feel a little bit like a sucker for just jumping aboard. You know, everyone is going over here, like you said, so often that's kind of a red flag that Vegas is really going to clean up on the under. But man, I just I love this roster so much, You know, they are very, very young. Like, you rarely see teams that are this young win mid forties games. But I mean, the players are just so good. Very few teams this young have a legitimate first team all NBA caliber player like Shay Gil to South Zander. And then, you know, having Jalen Williams and Chet complimenting him and, you know, guy like Lou Dort, who just he has a role. He's not gonna try to take more shots this year or anything like that. It's just it's such a nice collection of young talent and I think we haven't seen SGA's best year. We haven't seen any of these guys best year except maybe Dort, so. I'm I'm really excited. I don't think there's any reason for this team to pump the brakes at all in terms of, you know, resting guys. They were still doing a little bit of that last year. Just kind of being more conservative than than the average team. It it felt like, but I think they can get a top 6 seed, and I don't think they're ever gonna be out of touch from that area of the the playoff bracket. So I don't see why they wouldn't try. Yeah. I mean, they were a 500 team with about 10 games to go and and stumbled a little bit at the end to to finish right at 40. So I mean, they essentially were were in the ballpark of this number a season ago and, you know, you're bringing back basically everybody. You're expecting anything from a mild to a significant step forward from all of the key young players on this team. And we haven't even mentioned Chet Holmgren who looks like he's going to be a plus right away. Now I I do have some concerns about the depth behind Holmgren and I think he could be an injury liability in his own right. But it's still just a huge upgrade from what they've been rolling out at center. Like they basically ignored the center position for the last 3 or 4 years. And even if Chet Holmgren gets pushed around, even if he misses some time, even if he's, you know, not playing 35 minutes a night, like, it's still a just massive upgrade over the essential, like, g league talent that you were starting at the 5 for the last couple of years. So I think he's gonna make a huge difference right away. I would like them to bring in, like, some sort of veteran behind him who weighs more than, like, a £185. Like that that to me still worries me. It's like, who who on this team guards you, Allen Bede? I don't know. I I guess it's Holmgren to start the year. And, look, you know, playing the Sixers specifically, that is not going to, you know, sink your your over under win total. But I I do think there are still some some parts of this roster that need to be shored up. But it's hard to poke holes in the core of of SGA, Giddey, Dort, Chet Holmgren, and and Jalen Williams, who I know is, one of both both yours and mine, your favorite young players in the NBA. Like, he's he's so good. He is so good. I I I think of all of all, like, the 2nd year guys, who were excited to watch this season. Like, he is he's number 1 on my list, and I it's it's awesome to see him play and grow with this young core, but, there's part of it is also like, is he gonna be the 4th option on a lot of nights? Like, I I almost rather see him in a bigger role, but he's if I mean, he's already it feels like overqualified to fill that spot. Yeah. I thought it was very challenging in fantasy dress this year because I just had to separate how much I love Jalen Williams, the player versus his role on this team. Right. It's just it's hard to see there being enough meat on the bone for all these guys to be worth the fantasy price tag they had this year. But yeah, I mean Jalen Williams like he's just such a lock to be, you know, at least kind of like a fringe all star level player for about a decade here. He just does everything well. Just love the length, love the defensive versatility, and I love the fact that they're going with Chet at the 5. I mean, not like you said, they don't have a ton of options really, but I just love that they're going with their 5 best guys and not not really messing around. I think this would be my number one league pass team. Yeah. Will be up there, but this is this is a pretty clear number 1. And I I think that'll be the case for a lot of people. Alright. We got 5 more, James. Let's go to the Phoenix Suns. 45 wins a year ago. 51a half is the number for Phoenix. We're both going over here. I I'm just kinda falling back on the talent. You know? I I think when you when you have 3 all NBA players on the same team, you you're gonna have a decent amount of upside that goes without saying. Now, of course, Kevin Durant is is one of those guys who could miss anywhere from, like, 20 to 50 games. You know, Booker missed some time last year. Brad Beal has missed big chunks of time the last 2 years. I the Beal thing, I'm like, I'm not that worried about. Like, I I think part of it was just the situation and, just some kind of fluky stuff with him. But but Durant is is the the one who really worries me. I I I lean over here, but but I I also could see this number being a a couple wins lower just because like is is Phoenix going to push to win games in the regular season? Like, or is this one of those teams that we have to say, alright. They're they're so focused on the title that, you know, they they they don't really care if they win 48 games, 52 games, 56 games. You know, the line was originally 52 and a half on FanDuel, and it went down to 51 and a half. And I actually switched from an under on 52a half to an over on 51a half. So that's kind of how close I think it is with this line. You know, maybe just if they were kind of cruising to like the 3rd seed or the 4th seed or something, maybe they wouldn't care that much if they won 50 games or 53 games. But I just think in the west, it's gonna be there's gonna be something for them to play for. I don't think Matt Espia has any interest in just kind of coasting into the playoffs with, like, the 4 seed and missing out on that that second round homecourt advantage. So I I think they'll just try to win as many games as they can while being smart with those 3 players from a usage standpoint. And, if they just I I think you can project Booker. I know Booker and Beal both, Yeah. They're not, like, 82 game guys, but I feel comfortable projecting those guys for 65 games or so. Booker maybe even, like, 70 games. Yeah. You know, it could be worse luck than that, but I just think he's in his physical prime right now. I don't wanna be too overreactionary and and say that these guys are only only gonna play 60 games. Durant, I think, is the bigger risk there. But, even if you just kinda get to sort of 55 games out of Durant and the other 2 are relatively healthy. I just think they have too much firepower. They're gonna blow a lot of teams out when they're fully healthy and not have to play these guys a ton in the Q4. So, you know, I I like them more, I think, in the regular season than in the postseason. I think, like, warriors, Lakers, Suns, it's gonna be really interesting to see which of those teams looks the best heading into the postseason. But regular season wise, I just think it's too much firepower. I I like the depth that they added with Grayson Allen and even Eric Gordon who was just like this is like the perfect time in his career for him to just kinda chill out, be like the 7th band and and, you know, give you a couple 20 point nights every every now and then. The big concern for me is center. And I I'm I'm willing to I'm I'm willing to meet in the middle on this with some people and say that, like, you know, Nurkic and and Ayton is like somewhat of a wash just because the vibes were so bad with Deandre Ayton that even though I think he's a better player and and certainly a healthier and and like better bet night tonight, that they just needed to get him out of there. Like, that was pretty clear. Like, he was just not coming back no matter what. Like, I I don't think Devin Booker was was ever interested in playing another game with Deandre Ayton. So in some ways, the son's hand was forced, but, I mean, Nurkic has missed a ton of time. He's kind of a wild card on both ends. He'd I was watching their preseason game the other night. I forget I was against the Lakers. Yeah. It was the the LeBron KD game. He went one of 11 from the field. It's the preseason, but still not ideal, from a big man. Like, center to me is is a big, big question mark for this team because, you know, behind Nurkic, it's it's what, like, Chamezzie Betu, Drew Eubanks, Bowl Bowl, like that that that's a pretty glaring hole for this team. Yeah. It it'll be a it'll be a good test case to sort of see how much that matters in in a regular season setting. Obviously, I I have concerns about how they would hold up going against any quality big man in the playoffs, but I just think they're gonna space everyone out as much as they possibly can and the mismatches on their defensive end of the court. Maybe in the front court, I think you're going to see just as bad a mismatches on the opposite end because how many teams can even hope to guard 2 of these guys with on ball defenders? You know, it's just gonna be such a challenge. The Portland Trail Blazers, 33 wins a year ago. The number is down to 27 and a half for obvious reasons. Damian Lillard now in Milwaukee. Malcolm Brogdon still technically on this team. I think at some point, they'll they'll cash that asset in. But but we're looking at a likely starting 5 of Scoot Henderson, Anthony Simons, Matish Thiebel slash Shaded Sharp, Jeremy Grant, Deandre Ayton. I I like a lot of these names. I I love this as kind of a, you know, like, reclamation spot for Deandre Ayton to to to kinda, you know, be able to get away from that Phoenix situation and and try to grow it as a player that that the Suns thought he could become as a number one overall pick. Even if he kinda stays the same, I I think he's still at an above average center, right now and and should, you know, continue to improve, incrementally over these next couple of years. You got Robert Williams. It's just kind of a a bonus player now coming over from Boston. You know, some other young players that that that we're keeping an eye on. But once you get beyond that that top 6 or so, I'm going under on 27 and a half for Portland. Like, I I think this would be a really fun team. I cannot wait to watch Scoot night to night. I I I don't know that there are a ton of winning players on this roster. I think there are a lot of guys that are gonna put up numbers. There are a lot of guys who could grow into becoming winning players, as their careers go along. But, like, even if Scoot hits the ground running and, like, wins rookie of the year, it's like how many rookie guards, you know, end up being, like, you know, really impactful in terms of wins and losses? Like, even the best rookie guards typically, you know, don't don't help you a ton there. So I I think this is gonna be a fun team. I think we're gonna feel good about the direction that they're moving. But I I I kinda view them, like, in the same vein as as, like, last year's Rockets. But, you know, minus minus some of the troubles. Yeah. I I just I agree with everything you said. I think they're gonna lose the most games in the west. You know, even guys like Jeremy Grant aren't sort of established winning players and Right. I think they will trade Jeremy Grant this season before the deadline as long as they can get off his contract without having to attach something. It it seemed kind of obvious that their front office was kind of upset about Damian Lillard's timing on that one might not have given Jeremy Grant that same contract if they'd known what was gonna happen there. So Malcolm Brogdon kind of same thing. I just assume he won't be on this team after the trade deadline. Just, yeah, I think they're gonna lose a ton of games. It's like a great roster to take over as like a general manager because of all the assets and young pieces and stuff, but winning games is not a priority for this team. No. That that'll be a very fun 2 k team. No question about that. I'm I'm looking forward to some, like, 40 point nights for Manfredi Simons, but, ultimately, this is the it's the lowest number in the Western Conference at 27 and a half. And, yeah, as we talked about in in the eastbound, like, it's not it's not a firm rule, but usually every year, you have, you know, 2, 3, sometimes 4 teams that are in that, like, 22 and under zone in terms of wins. And I think if you if you gotta pick a team out of the west, Portland has to be one of the the top 2 or 3 contenders. Another team that could be in that mix, James, and we're we're going head to head on this one. The San Antonio Spurs, 22 wins a year ago, 28 and a half is the number you're going over. I'm going under on 28 and a half wins. Yeah. It's just it's such a low number to me, for how good of a rookie season I think when Banyama is gonna have. You know he could have. This could be one of the best defensive rookie seasons we've ever seen. And like I, I think he could be like top five defensive player of the year as a rookie. Just he just changes the geometry on that end of the court so much. I think that. You know, I I just don't think there's gonna be any motivation here to worry about draft picks. They're gonna pick high in the draft. I think it's more like when Banyama is really competitive. And I think they would benefit more from just kind of showing some signs this year and showing that guys like Jeremy, sohan and and Devon Vassell and Kelvin Johnson like are players that they can build around. So I just I don't really see the motivation for them to really tank. They're they're gonna end up with a with a high pick regardless, and I think they're just gonna they'll be careful with Lemenya. I'm not like, I don't think he's gonna play 75 games, but I do think he'll play 65 plus games because getting rookie of the year is presumably important to him and the team. I I think you're right about Wenminyama. And, I mean, I I continue to be more and more impressed with each passing preseason game. Right? Like, coming out of summer league, it was like, alright. You you totally understand it. You get why he's as hyped as he is, but, like, he's looked like he's looked like a completely different player in the preseason. He looks bigger to me. He looks more confident. He looks better on the defensive end. He looks like a little bit more athletic. You know, not not, you know, not kind of as many players where he's getting pushed around. So I'm I'm very high on what he could bring them. I think he's a a clear winning player right away. I I just don't know that they have a ton of others. You know, like Kelvin Johnson to me, like, he'll he'll get his numbers. I I don't know that he's a a great asset at this point. I'm I am, you know, curious to see how the the Jeremy Sohan point guard experiment works. That doesn't exactly scream to me, like, team that's winning 35 games is starting Jeremy Sohan at the point. And I I again, I don't love the depth here either, and that's that's just gonna be inherently the case when you're Yeah. You're talking about a team that might win 25 games. But, I mean, beyond that that top five of of Sohan, Vassell, Johnson, Wabanuyama, Zach Collins, and you can even throw Trey Jones in there. He's solid. But after that, I mean, you you got a bunch of guys who, you know, are kind of borderline roster players in a lot of ways. So I you know, if Waban Yamah plays 65 to 70 games, which I that's on the high end for sure, I think they'll push for this. But if he gets hurt at any point, if they are a little bit more aggressive than we're expecting in terms of the rest with Wenminyama, like, I I think everybody including Wenminyama knows that there are no expectations for this season. Sometimes that could be good for a young team, and they'll they'll exceed whatever those expectations are as low as they may be. But I I also think there's this kind of this, like, organizational understanding that, like, oh, it's it's okay if we're bad this season. And I don't know. I I think that could kinda seep into the roster. I mean, you're you're doing a pretty good job at convincing me. I it's a tough line. I mean, man, when many I'm just looks so good. It's but yeah, there's there's only so many wins to go around and there's really only one team that is in my mind clearly worse than them in the west. So it's a tough one. I think I might actually switch. I think you've convinced me. I'm I'm keeping my mind here. Alright. We got our first switch, of the podcast. So we are now both on the under for the Spurs at 28 and a half. Alright. Two more. The Sacramento Kings, then we will finish out with the Jazz. 48 wins a year ago for Sacramento. Interesting number here. 44a half. That is the same number as the Timberwolves, as the Pelicans, as the Oklahoma City Thunder. So that that's kind of the zone that we're looking at for the Kings. I I I feel like I'm walking into a trap here, James, and I'm going over. I mean, you took the words out of my mouth. I feel like this might be an even more sucker over than the Thunder one. Everyone knows how historically healthy this team was last year. So I mean, it it's obvious, you know, it makes sense in that sense that it would be a lower over under than what they won last year despite the the youth of the the core of this roster. But I just think the pieces fit really well. I they might not be the number one offense in the league like they were last year, but I don't see why they wouldn't be top 5. And I mean, Keegan Murray, there's a chance he takes a step and and kind of joins Fox and Sabonis to make this kind of a a real good young big three where the pieces just really fit. I like that they didn't really do anything to to sacrifice offense for defense this offseason. I think that they're they're kind of who they are as a team. It's just this running gun team. So I like that they didn't really change that up and I've got good coaching. So I just think there's enough here that they go over, but it it doesn't it's not one I'm that happy about. No. I mean, I I don't feel great about it just because the number strikes me as so low, but, you know, I I think for a team that 148, you you do still feel like you're getting a discount. So it goes both ways. The health thing is number 1 for me. And you said they were historically healthy last year. That is absolutely true. To put that in context, like, their top 8 minute getters last year missed 30 total games total among 8 players. I mean, that is that is wild. So it's it's not like just Fox is a bonus we're healthy. It's like pretty much everybody that was contributing on a night to night basis played almost the entire season for the Kings. So they're they're not gonna have that kind of luck this time around. You know, obviously, if Fox plays 50 games and Sabonis plays 60, they're probably gonna go under. But I I also think, you know, those are guys that don't have, like, super concerning injury histories. I I think, you know, Sabonis has dealt with, like, kind of random, again, like a hand injury. Like, it's not like he's a, you know, a guy who came into the league, you know, with with severe foot and ankle issues. So I I don't I I the the the argument against them, you know, playing or fewer than 70 games is just saying that the luck will come around and, you know, I I buy into that to some degree, but I I also think this is a team that, you know, senses that it it built some real momentum last year. I mean, we we talked about Denver having a great home court advantage. Sacramento's right there. I mean, in terms of, like, you know, how the effect that that was almost a college atmosphere for most of last season. I I think they're gonna be fired up to do the same thing this year, and I don't think they wanna fall off. You know, I I almost look at I look at Sacramento like the same way we looked at Memphis a couple of years ago when they, they had a better than expected season and you're like, all right. You know, are, are they gonna fall back down and, and be a 40 win team this year? And then they've just did it again, you know, despite Java ran missing a bunch of time. Now, I, I don't know that Sacramento has that same level of depth. You know, Memphis was getting contributions all over the place. You know, there You know, there's no real, no real major additions this off season. Like you're bringing in Sasha, Besikoff from, from, from Europe, you know, a, a guy who's had a ton of success, in the Euro league. I, I think in, in theory should be kind of a plug and play guy off the bench. I'm excited to see what he looks like. They they kinda bought low on Chris Duarte, somebody that that their GM and and their owners have had their eye on reportedly. So, you know, to me, that's kind of a wash, but, you know, I I I think if if they have even like b level health this season, you know, you're not gonna get 30 missed games from your top 8. But, as long as there's not a complete catastrophe, in terms of injuries, I I feel pretty good about them going over. Yeah. And it they might do something at the deadline to to upgrade the Harrison Barnes spot. So, yeah. I I like that cap to to Memphis, actually. That Yeah. That makes a lot of sense to me, especially just coaching and effort. Like, they're gonna out hustle a lot of teams and outrun a lot of teams during the regular season to easy wins. They're also gonna out care a lot of teams. Yeah. Right. They're like, they're like If you just care about every game, that's Right. An edge in the regular season. That is that is a massive edge when you're talking about win totals. Like, they're they're gonna out care the the Nuggets, the Suns, the Clippers, the Warriors, the Lakers, you know, possibly the Pelicans on some nights, maybe even the Mavericks. Like, that's that that's a big that's a big bump. Alright. Let's finish out with the Utah Jazz. This one this might be the single toughest one, so I'm glad we're doing it last. 37 wins a year ago. 35a half is the number for Utah. I am very, very, very cautiously going under, James, but give me your case for why you're going over. It's a big bet on how good Lori Markkanen and Walker Kessler are the John Collins piece. Like, I like him as a reclamation project in the right scenario and I'm just worried that this maybe isn't the right scenario. I don't like that. It like I think you want to have Lori playing the 4 as much as possible. And so anytime that Collins and Kessler out there, he's playing the 3. But I I just I like like oh, Linux are really nice backup big. He allows them to do some some cool stuff on offense. I like Keonte George. I like Ochag Baji, Con Sexton, Jordan Clarkson. You know, there's there's a decent amount of overlap with these guys. They they do a lot of the same things, so not exactly sure what the hierarchy is gonna look like 2 months from now. I assume it's gonna be kind of the veterans first, but I even don't mind tailing Horton Tucker. Just given his length and I thought he showed some flashes down the stretch last year. So I think it's it's a deep team. I think marketing is like him and Kessler as you know your your defensive and offensive anchors. I think it's good enough to to get to high thirties and I think that Will Hardy is one of the best coaches in the league. So I I don't love the way the John Collins piece fits. I do have some questions about the amount of passing in the backcourt, but I think marketing is just really good and Kessler is one of the best defensive anchors in the league. Are you muted? Yeah. Collins has not been good, in the preseason at all, James, and that's concerning to me. I I actually kinda like the move at first as just a get him out of Atlanta type of thing where we've been asking for that for a while for fantasy, but it I don't know. He might just be a different player at this point. You know, 3, 4 years ago, he was like a, you know, borderline second, 3rd round value, and it just kinda seems like, you know, whatever upward momentum there was, he's kinda lost that. I'm with you on I'm liking a lot of these pieces, you know, even if they even if they were to, you know, make some sort of move to to kind of move back, you know, whether that's like trading Collin Sexton, trading Jordan Clarkson, like there's there's some intriguing young talents of guys that I hope they get a look at as the year goes along. I I I just think like coming into last year, I I don't think they they certainly didn't expect to be as good as they were. I don't know if they wanted to be as good as they were early on. You know, they started 12 and 6. And it's like, if you don't start 12 and 6 this year, which I don't think happens, you know, the rest of the season, you know, they they played it, you know, they basically played at what, like, a borderline 30 win pace. You know, so it's like, if you don't have that hot start, do we view this team differently? Yeah. At what point they they were 31 and 31 with 20 games to go and and then won 6 more games the rest of the way. I mean, they they kind of offset it at the end and They did kinda mean they did sort of I mean, they they did flip the tanking switch. Yes. And they did, you know, they traded some guys. Do they do you see them kind of really leaning into that again this year? Is is there gonna be even a motivation for it if you've got? Cause I I feel like you're gonna have like 4 or 5 teams kind of around, you know, upper twenties, lower mid twenties, upper twenties. They might just be kind of in that that range with teams like the Magic, teams like the Nets. Sure. And I just don't know how much those teams are gonna go out of their way to kind of push to get, like, 6 best lottery odds or something like that. I I will say that there is some motivation here for Utah because they owe their 1st round pick to OKC and it's top 10 protected. So I don't you know, I you know, the the teams that we're talking about, it's like, yeah, maybe maybe if if you're sitting with like the 6th best odds or the 8th best odds, like, yeah, you feel pretty good about holding onto that pick. But I think they want to make sure that they're retaining that pick. And, you know, 10 is kind of right on the borderline there where you gotta, you know, you you obviously you don't want to surrender the 11th pick in the draft. So I I I think there will be some motivation there. I I think it's it's a total blank slate type of season for them. Like, if if they win 28 games and get the the 4th pick of the draft, I think they're totally fine with that. If they, you know, are come out of the gates hot again and and could push for a play in spot, I think they're fine with that. I just I think the the former is more likely to me. I I think they they you know, them struggling, them taking a little bit of a step back. I still love marketing for Fantasy. I I think he's gonna be a monster. I love Walker Kessler. But I I don't I don't know that this team like, if you stack up, you know, who do you think are the best teams in the Western Conference? Like, they're they're they're still, you know, below the play in zone for me. Yeah. I think they're they're similar to the Rockets for me and that I just I really like their coach and but then you have to like with the Rockets, they have that protected pick too, but I there's a chance that if they could be incentivized over the last like 8 games to really push to try to get to the bottom. So, it's tough, man. It's when you have, like, a good coach and good pieces, but it's not a team that's in that top eleven in the west, maybe the smart move was to go under there. They do play the Rockets twice in their last 15 games. Three times, in fact, in their last 15 games. So, that that that could actually go a long way, those 3 games toward deciding the the over unders for both of these teams. Alright, James. That that finishes it out. If you have not listened to the Eastern Conference, make sure you you scroll back at the feed. You could find that from last week, Monday, October 16th. But this concludes all 30 win total over unders, James. I did just see we we've had a rash of, like, random role player, like, young player extensions today. 4 years 62 mil for Anyuka Okongo. Oh, wow. I like it. He's he's great. He's the, he's the best one on one Giannis stopper in the league. Yes. Yeah. Tim and Bam. Yeah. I've been I've been holding him, like, forever in in our staff keeper league, and we'll continue to do so. I could assure you that. Hopefully, this is a year, he gets a little more ticked. But, again, check out the the Easter conference if you have not yet. Please like, subscribe to the rotor wire fantasy basketball YouTube channel. We'll have episodes coming to you Monday through Friday, all through the NBA season. You could check us out on on Sirius XM NBA as well. We'll be firing up that show. That'll be Monday through Friday, throughout the year, if you're a Sirius XM subscriber. And I will be doing my live and FBKC draft later tonight. You could check that out on our YouTube page as well as our socials. That'll get underway at about 9 PM CST. So check it out. We we got 10,000 on the line, James. Are you planning in NFBKC this year? No, I I've the past couple years. I've taken some of my baseball winnings and spread them among the nfbkc Community help help all those players out a little bit. Thank you for that. I took a took a year off of that. I think I'm I'm okay not giving those guys my NFBKC taxes here. Yeah. Well, you can only do so much goodwill. So we we appreciate all that you've done, donating to to the community, but that'll do it for us. Doctor Ray will be back tomorrow. I'll be back on Wednesday, and, James will talk soon.