Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Good day, everyone. Happy Thursday to you all. Wearing my Kannapolis Cannonballers hat today for those that are doing the what the hell's on dance head game. This was, one of my kids' little league teams. Until they get to, machine pitch or higher, they have, minor league teams, t ball, coach pitch, basically. These are the minors. And, then they graduate, and they start to get major league teams. That's why you've seen some some Kansas City Royals hats popped up. He was a royal this most recent season. I don't know what he's going to be in January, but I am excited to add to the wall o hats. It's a terrible wall right now. It just it it needs so much. It has so little personality. I don't even know what that one was. I think I got it at a baseball winter meetings, like, a dozen years ago. What's under that hat? I got a Visalia Rawhide in there. I got a Visalia Oaks in there. I got Royals, Cal, my Golden Bears, Dodgers, Cannonballers. I had to retire the Montgomery Biscuits hat. It was too gross. It was, like, a 20 year old hat now. That is disgusting. So much schwetz. So much sweat in that one. Alright. It's not story time. It's not hat story time. That's for damn sure. Welcome, foolish mortals, to Fantasy NBA today. December 14th, it's Thursday morning. I am Dan Vespers, and this is your daily recap show, which used to actually kinda be our own show. Remember those days? Those were wild. I've added some more specialty features. I still have all these ideas that I wanna trot out there, and I just have no idea when I'm gonna be able to pull them off. Maybe I could do one this afternoon. I doubt it. I doubt it. Voice needs a little break. Can't do 2 shows every day, although I guess I didn't do any on Monday. Why do you guys need to think hear me as I go through my stream of consciousness on when I can do shows? I don't know. I don't know. Anyway, couple of reminders here as we hit the ground running. Find me on Twitter at Dan Bespres, d a n b e s b r I s, sportsethos.com, ethosfantasybk.ethosfantasybk is the Twitter handle for your sports Ethos news feed. Discord link is in the show description. I hope you guys will come hang out with us over there. And, also, I haven't been able to do as many live questions. I'm trying to take the ones that are sort of applicable to all, and that means that a lot are gonna get skipped these days. So if you have slightly more specific questions, feel free to use the comments board on the YouTube page. That's a good way to get a hold of me. As I mentioned yesterday, I try to keep tabs on those. I don't get to them super fast. So if it's pressing, you're probably gonna wanna just get a premium membership and, go hit up the premium q and a that runs all the time in our Discord. But if you got time on something, that's a great spot to throw your question in. Let's talk fantasy sports now. 'Twas a 9 game Wednesday. Philly blew out Detroit. Pistons, Wizards, Spurs, they may never win again. Right? Time to give up. Pistons have lost 21 games in a row. They are approaching the NBA record. Spurs have lost a mere 18 games in a row. Good lord. There are some bad teams right now, and the Pistons are really bad. Silly thing is that I think I'd rather watch a Pistons game than a Wizards game. We'll talk about them in a minute. For Philly, Kelly Oubre up to 23 minutes in this game. Yes. 7 out of 9 shooting sort of artificially inflated his number, but I do think we need to be holding Oobre for now just to see how this whole thing shakes out. And this isn't a great game to figure it either because it was a blowout super, super early. Joel Embiid is a monster. I did say I thought he had a good shot to be the number one player in Fantasy this year. I did not think that Shea was gonna be this far out in front, but I don't feel bad about the, the previous note. And Embiid has mostly played in ballgame. I think he does what? 2? I think Paul Reed had a couple of fill in games there. For Detroit, they're the more, influx fantasy team in this ballgame. Isaiah Stewart got punted partway through this ballgame. He's probably a streamable play while both Jalen Duren and Marvin Bagley are out. James Wiseman picked up once Stewart got kicked out of the ballgame and didn't really do anything with it. Cade Cunningham. That is where I think we left off while the, audio issues were kicking up here. So let's, let's try to pick up from there. I got farther than that, but we'll go backwards. K's been better. He's been more like, you know, top 70 some odd last couple of weeks, so that's, at least an improvement. And I think we I think it cut off before I talked about Aasar Thompson and Killian Hayes and Jaden Ivy. I'm not positive, though. If I'm repeating myself, I apologize. I don't know where the audio glitched out. Aasar is obviously someone that you're starting while he's starting. He may lose this job when guys come back, but we shall see. As far as Killian Hayes and Jaden Ivey go, again, apologies if I'm repeating myself. I don't think either needs to be held. I'll keep it simple on that front. Jaden Ivey is not playing enough. Hayes is playing more, but I just don't think the fantasy game is gonna translate the way we would need it to. So, hopefully, I didn't repeat myself there. Again, I have no idea exactly where it shorted out. New Orleans, here's your Trey Murphy breakout game, and these are not gonna happen every night. He got extraordinarily hot in this one. He was hitting multiple 3 pointers from 30 feet away. It was pretty awesome, actually. When he gets going, he really gets going. But, also, the Wizards are helpful. They have no resistance as a ball club. He's not gonna be this good every night, but they've you know, the assumption here is that it kinda balances out. You'll have a big game. You'll have a quiet game. He's a great shooter, gets you some defensive stats. This is why you're hanging on to Trey Murphy. Simple as that. As far as Washington goes, another blowout here means that, once again, Kyle Kuzma was basically the only guy to survive it. Daniel Gafford was actually okay as well, so I shouldn't say only Kyle Kuzma. Tyus Jones was a non serve nonservicer of this blowout loss. Bilal Bilal, excuse me, Kulbili, he was better again, missed both free throws. You know, his big games come in blowouts. And I I don't know that I need to repeat myself again. He was also a minus 30 in the minutes he was on the floor in this ballgame. I don't think that's on him necessarily. In fact, I'd put a lot of what went wrong in this game on Jordan Poole. But I'll get to him in just a second. As far as Cool the Believe goes, I've said it before. I'll say it again. I've stashed him in a keeper league because I think he could be interesting at the end of the season or going into next year. But right now, there are too many holes in his fantasy game. And you might be like, oh, Dan. It feels like he's been doing really well the last week. Outside the top 200 last week, 13 points, 7 and a half rebounds, 2 threes, and 54% from the field, that all feels okay. Although, again, 13 points is really not much. He's been a positive in threes, boards, and field goal percent the last week. He's been a negative in assists, steals. Blocksy's kinda breakeven, actually, so you'll take that brutal free throw number. 42% free throws. He's, like, like, 5 for his last 12 and high turnovers. And, yeah, maybe these things level off, but so far, we haven't seen his ability to hit a free throw. And that's why I'm thinking more down the line, and I don't feel bad about that. But I gotta talk about Jordan Poole. I I can't get through today's show without talking about how truly awful Jordan Poole looks every second he's on a basketball court right now. He doesn't care at all. Bad passes, bad decision making, just everything he's doing on a basketball court screams, I'm not into this. He needs to be benched. He needs to be benched. I don't know if the Wizards have the stones to do it, but he needs to be benched. And, frankly, I don't know that he needs to be on fantasy teams. He's been that bad. If you thought it was bad for the whole season, it's just getting worse right now. He's outside the top 200. His only positives right now are barely points, barely steals, and then free throw. That's the positive. Negative in turnovers, field goal percent, blocks, rebounds, assists, even threes for a shooting guard. It's awful. And forget the numbers for a minute. Just watching him play is insufferable. He's that bad. I think you can probably drop him in fantasy. And, yeah, he'll probably have some good games here and there, you know, more competitive ones if, you know, somebody pushes him to the ground early in a basketball game and he gets fired up and actually gives a crap for a few minutes. But he doesn't care. He does not care. Watching him play, you can see it in the body language. He does not care. Yesterday was arguably the worst of it. Terrible passes. His 5 turnovers were not a fluke. They were just bad. Bad passes, bad decisions. And you could see after a number of them, teammates were looking at him like, what are we doing here? Like, why are you on the court? You don't wanna be here. Don't be here. Other guys were trying. Kuzma's trying. Gafford's trying. Jones is trying. Denny's trying. Bilal's trying. The young guys, I'm sure, would love to get in there and get some more playing time. And Poole's not trying. Terrible. Terrible basketball. Meanwhile, Terry Rozier, who was on our sell high board, is, still sell high. Again, it depends on what you get back. As I said on that show yesterday, if you can get, like, a top 50 guy back, you probably do it. If you can't, you just enjoy this run with no LaMelo because Rozier is coasting right now. He's cruising. He's crushing. Otherwise, start the starters. PJ Washington got hurt hurt, excuse me, early in this ballgame, which meant that the starters got to play gigantic minutes, and that's big numbers for all 5 of them. Nick Richards filling in for Mark Williams. That's a pretty easy call. For Miami, we're waiting to find out. And and, again, those that are watching can see the little questionable tags on their screen. We're waiting to find out if anybody's gonna sit the second half of the heat back to back, which would only open up more streaming opportunities. As it stands, Orlando Robinson has cooled off after a couple of sort of surge games. I I guess we can take him off of the stream board. Jaime Aquez came roaring back in this one. And the heat were able to kinda go small. They weren't super worried about, like, Nick Richards taking them in the post. So Robinson didn't need to play as many minutes. And, you know, Thomas Bryant was able to play some more, more of an offensive minded center. I think we can probably leave the centers alone. Caleb Martin had a poor shooting game. Overall, he actually kinda was okay. I mean, if the shots were going in, this would have been a pretty good one, actually. So I think you can keep streaming him with everybody out. Haquez bounced back here, but he had been fading. So I'm gonna lean away from that stream. Now, you know, if, like, Jimmy if Jimmy Butler and Kevin Love and Kyle Lowry and if you have the team takes the second half of the back to back off, then my stance changes on a lot of these guys. Because, basically, anybody left is a play at that point. But let's say that the heat trot this same 9 man rotation out tonight. Duncan Robinson's a go. Kyle Lowry's a go. Jimmy Butler obviously is a go. And I think I would probably go Caleb Martin as the last stream there. I think I skip over the other guys now. Hawks had an interesting little note in this ballgame, and I was going big. Okonwu, 30 minutes. Capella, 34 minutes. Yes. That's right. They finally went giant, mostly because Okong Wu stepped out and hit 3 3 pointers in this game. He said, you know what? I can space the floor. I'll give you some power forward minutes. That's a big deal if suddenly he and Capella can share a floor. And this is why we've said hold all year long. OG Anunoby, Pascal Siakam continue their ascent for the Raptors. It's fun to play the hawks, though. Everybody gets big numbers, but still good to see Anunoby on the rise. No real surprises on the Toronto side other than, you know, guys getting back where they should be. Lakers, Spurs, this ballgame ended up way closer than it needed to be mostly because Victor Wembanyama and Kelvin Johnson exploded late. Wembley was hitting step back threes. Kelvin Johnson was hitting runners, banging off of Anthony Davis who, by the way, I have thoughts on AD, and his health at the moment. But it wasn't enough. Spurs actually owes a Wembanyama missed free throw that kinda cost him late. He had a chance to tie the ball game at the foul line. He missed it. Spurs had to foul the lakers. AD, I think, then made 3 out of his 4 or 4 out of 4. I forget foul shots. And, that was enough to sorta ice this one away. The lakers did, for stretches, lead between, you know, 14 20 points, and then they just kinda stop defending late, which, fantasy wise, I'm starting to think maybe Kelden Johnson is just gonna have a better year. I still think that he's a sell if you can lock somebody in for anywhere near what his current ranking is, which is 57. I just I don't know how 48% shooting lasts all year. It feels like it's gotta come down. But the good news here is that if Wenby's starting at the 5, that actually moves Kelvin up to the 4. That's a big deal. When he was starting at the 3, it looked a lot like what it should have been last year. But him at the 5 or at the 4, excuse me, that's a big deal. So I was too low on Keldon. People always like, Dan, you never take I do. I very much say when I think I've got something wrong. I think I was too low on Keldon, maybe because I was too high on him last year, and then he was a massive disappointment. I still think his field goal percent tapers off. I don't see this lasting the entire year. But if he's gonna log huge power forward minutes, that's really, really good for him. Gets him closer to the bucket, increases the rebounding number. He's getting assists because the Spurs refused to play an actual point guard. So that's something. All that said, if you can sell him for top 75 or better, I think I would do it. So I was too low on him, but also he's still a sell high. Two thoughts in our heads at the same time. I know we can do this. Rest of the Spurs, someone was like, what are your thoughts on Malachi Branham? My thoughts are I don't want anything to do. I know he's starting at shooting guard. I don't care. I really don't care. They're gonna keep mixing and matching. Yeah. And then when Wembanyama at center is nuts right now. He's he's going bananas. The turnovers and the free throws and the field goal percent, this one was better in this one. Field goal percent was better. Overall, those things are going to be troublesome for for Wembley. He's a negative in all three of those, but he's such a giant positive in boards and defensive stats right now that it kinda doesn't matter. He's number 20 overall, and he's been better than that since moving to center where, again, he still can't shoot at all, but he's averaging 5 blocks a game the last week. Probably not a sustainable number. Duh. But 17 rebounds, like, there's no other guy to take a rebound away from him right now. Enjoy it. Just enjoy it. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. What else we got going on here? On the Lakers side, there was no LeBron. So, you know, you got more stuff out of Cam Reddish, Austin Reeves, Torrian Prince, D'Angelo Russell. Those were all fairly predictable upticks with Braun out. Anthony Davis had a huge ballgame, but he is moving like molasses these days. He came in with a, hip spasm that he hasn't been able to shake for a few weeks, turned an ankle very early in the ballgame. I would not be surprised to see AD take Friday off and LeBron come back for that one, and the Lakers try to again beat the Spurs down 1 superstar. Because Anthony Davis is moving terribly. Like, he can't he got 4 steals, but that's because the Spurs are a god awful basketball team. He didn't block a shot. Some of that's Wembley, but some of that's just that he's not moving. He can't elevate right now the way he needs to on defense. He gets to play offense because on offense, you can sort of set your body up to move the way that it's not gonna hurt whatever is hurting you. Defense, you gotta go wherever the other guy tells you to go. You're the offensive player you're guarding goes a particular way, you gotta be ready to quickly move with him. And Anthony Davis right now just can't. You know, bum hip, bum ankle. Hopefully, he gets a chance to rest a little bit. It'll be good for him long term. I know, again, we're not complaining because the fantasy stats are big, but he needs a breather, and he needs one bad. Let's keep moving. India and Milwaukee, they had some postgame fireworks where Giannis claimed that Indiana took the game ball, but then I guess he had it. And so India ended up with a replacement game ball because they wanted one of their guys who scored his first non IST finals game NBA point to get a game ball and blah blah blah, and everybody's fighting over nothing. Anyway, for Indiana, we at least know that there's no sure bet at power forwards. We can move on from whatever questions we might have had there. And for Milwaukee, there's been nothing for ages. They're the same guys you're starting, other than now Khris Middleton getting enough minutes to be a more consistent fantasy play. If you somehow waited out the first seven and a half weeks of the season, more power to you. I still don't want anything to do with Middleton because the next nagging injury is coming, and then comes the shut not shutdown, but then comes another ramp up. And the minutes are always gonna be in check, and back to backs are gonna be in check. Middleton's gonna be a huge pain in the butt even if when he's out there now, his his numbers are probably gonna be a little bit better. For Giannis, 32 free throws in this ballgame, and dodging a bullet is the understatement of the century that he made 75% of them. By the way, he's number 18 this year, despite punt free throw situation going on, despite being one of the worst fat free throw by volume guys in the NBA, because he's averaging 30 32, 11, 5 assists, 2.8 defensive stats, and just running away with the field goal percent, volume winning board. And so if you want Giannis in the first to punt free throws, you're cooking with glass these days, With gas, I should say. Another 6 blocks for Brook Lopez. I ain't got any problems there. Still number 21. Brollo. Memphis, another big game for Jaren Jackson. He is flying up the boards now. He's up to number 50 after dropping outside the top 100. That buy low window has officially closed. Hopefully, you guys all went and got him when I put him on the buy low board 3 freaking weeks in a row. We wondered who might take some shots to replace Desmond Bane. The answer was Derrick Rose who took 14 shots as did David Roddy. I'm assuming Bane will be back for the next ballgame, so we can basically ignore everybody other than jjj and Bane on this team. And Ja Morant is now about to come back because what are the grizzlies at? 23 games in the books? 2 more games. And then Ja's back. We'll also probably see Marcus Smart. Both of those guys should be on rosters to see how things happen when they come back. Biggest free agent, you know, waiver wire type news of the day does actually come out of Houston where Tari Eason logged 27 minutes and went for 25 points, 14 rebounds, a steal of block, and 3 three pointers. Dillon Brooks did foul out in 28 minutes, so that obviously helped the cause. Jalen Green was also really, really bad in his 24 minutes, which actually not all that unusual these days. Alperin Shangoon has had a little bit of foul stuff, but mostly just wasn't playing all that great in this one. JJJ was working him over. And so you got some different lineups. Jayshawn Tate got some extra playing time because of that. Joc Landale didn't, by the way. Jeff Green picking up some of those backup center minutes. So, yeah, Houston's rotations were odd in this ballgame, but I don't care. Tara Eason, we know, is a fantasy juggernaut in starters level minutes. And right here, he's sort of just sub starters level. Maybe not gonna go for 25 and 14, but he's an amazing rebounder. Very good at getting steals. And if he's really adding the 3 ball, well, that's a huge reason to add just to see what happens. So try to add Tahir Eason anywhere you can. After his last ballgame, I think I said if I can remember the exact words, probably not, but I'm fairly certain that the report from a couple days ago was, if you got deadweight to cut, Easton, you can add now. If you're if you have exclusively players you wanna hold on to, give it one more game. Well, we did now. This was one more game, and Easton was amazing. So add add add add add. See how it goes. Deal with it from there. The Knicks, behind a very poor game from Jalen Brunson lost to Utah. This is sort of an unforgivable loss, especially when you consider the lineup that the Jazz were trotting out. But at least Julius Randle's continuing his hot run. Dante DiVincenzo got warm. You can ignore it. Isaiah Hartenstein played 29 minutes. He didn't do much with them, but if he's playing that many minutes, he needs to be on rosters. I mentioned on yesterday's show he's not gonna get assists like he did in previous stops in his career when he was handling some sort of high post passing situations. That's just not how the Knicks run their offense. So it's going to be points sometimes, mostly rebounds, defensive stats, and field goal percent for Hartenstein. Typically, that'll be enough. Meanwhile, Josh Hart got 29 minutes and did nothing. Every time I think I can get back on board with Josh Hart, he does this. So what the hell is Josh Hart at this point? He's number 131 on the season overall. I know he got off to sort of a slow start, but this is a bad ball game. Somehow over the last 2 weeks, he's still number 106. So right now, I'm inclined to say, let's give Hart just a little bit more leash and see what happens in the next ballgame before going back to a drop. Because the minutes have been better, and by and large, the production has been better. And sometimes there's just one really, really bad ballgame. And that's what I'm gonna hope this is. But if the next one is quiet, we'll go back to a drop. I'm just gonna hang on one more day. One day more. Meanwhile, for Utah, they're I mean, the starting lineup is now out, I think. Keontae George got hurt. They're expecting to miss at least the next couple of ball games. They I think they came out and said at least 2 games. That means it'll probably be more than that. Lowry Markkanen came back. I think they're on are they on a back to back or no? Let me triple check myself on that. Utah's not on a back to back, are they? They are. They're on a back to back in Portland. That's a tough one. So he's probably the expectation is that he might sit this one out for a tanking team. I don't know why they would play him, but you never know. Still, Walker Kessler, again, off the bench, came back for this ballgame, played behind Kelly O'Nanek, still got a decent fantasy line out of it. But Utah's getting weird, man. Utah's getting weird. But here's the thing. Let's start with the guards. Keontae George is out. Jordan Clarkson is out. We know those guys are out for at least a week. Between the 2 of them, probably longer. Meaning, we're finally far enough down the pecking order to where Colin Sexton is going to get significant minutes. He needs to be added for the next week. That's probably it. And I like, doesn't need this is not gonna be a long term thing, but he needs to be on rosters for the next week. K? Because he doesn't do that much typically besides score at a decent clip. But with the number of guys that are out for this team, he's kinda gonna have no choice but to do enough of that, I think, to be fantasy relevant for a week. Fantechio bounced back in this one. I sorta don't care. John Collins could return at any moment, and that's good enough for me to say, I'm just not gonna worry about it. Kelly Olynyk as the starting center, in my mind, means we stream him, but I kinda need to know if he's actually gonna be the starting center again or if it's gonna flip back to Walker Kessler. I feel like it's gonna be a linic because I think this team this with the number of guys that they've got out these days, I think they need a center that can space the floor and provide a little bit of offense. Kessler fits better when Clarkson's in, and when Collins is in, and when George is in, and when Markkanen is in. And there's enough scoring out there that they can just post him in the middle and say, alright. Be the big man. With Olinnick, it's like, be a big man, but also be a passer, be a floor spacer, get under people's skin, do all the Kelly Olinic stuff. So I think he probably starts another ballgame. I don't know for sure. Just kind of trying to read the tea leaves on who they like in terms of fit with the rest of the lineup. That Kessler remains then a buy low because at some point, he's gonna start. I think it's just gonna coincide with when the other offensive minded players come back for this team. So I said a lot of things there. Let me try to kinda pull it all together into one little package. Collin Sexton, stream for the next week. Maybe a little bit more. We'll see. Fonsecchio, I'm passing. Olinik, if he's starting, you play him. Kessler, you're playing him, starting or off the bench, and you're also buying low. Keontae George was a guy that I already said was someone that I felt was hard to hold on the roto side unless you treated him kind of like an injured player. Head to head, he was a stashable, but a like, a a playable stash. Now I don't know what you'd do. If he got an if he got an IL tag in Yahoo, I didn't bother to look before doing today's show. Oopsies. Then you probably can hold on to him. But if holding on to George is gonna force you to take 2 or 3 zeros in a row, you might have to move on. That's the sort of the line on that one. And I think that's basically everybody there. And then Brooklyn Phoenix, not too many surprises in this one other than Brooklyn winning. The old guard came back and got a victory. Cam Johnson, McHale Bridges, I'm sure they wanted this win. Well, they got it. Congrats. You start the starters for Brooklyn right now. For Phoenix, Devin Booker still went gigantic even with the big three there. Now admittedly, Bradley Beal wasn't particularly involved in this game. He only took 9 shots. He had a usage rate of, like, 15 where the other big name guys, b Booker was in the high twenties. Durant was in the high twenties. Nurk was in the mid twenties. I think as Beal comes up, you'll see the other guys do slightly less. For Booker, this is a really good sign that he still put up giant scoring and assist totals even with the other main dudes there. I do continue to wanna see how all of the chemistry stuff shakes out. But for the moment, that's a good first sign that maybe Booker won't see the kind of slippage that I still think we can probably expect. But if he really is, like, exclusively point Booker, even though they claimed that Bradley Beal was running point when he was healthy, we'll see. He said 8 assists the ballgame. I thought he'd be in the high sixes to low seven, so he's certainly beating my mark on that one. And his free throw number is astronomical, which I did not also see coming. That said, I still and who were we talking about earlier in this one? Oh, Terry Rozier. I was like, no. That wasn't the one. Doesn't matter who we were talking about. My brain is is toast. I still think if you can get a top 12 type guy back for Booker, you do it. I know people are like, Dan, that means that you're too low on him. I don't think that that means that I'm low. I think that means if you can lock in someone who has that full appeal, like a Steph Curry, who's number 15 right now, but is kind of at a basement level for him, although Draymond being suspended forever, probably not great for Steph. I don't know that there's a great match. It feels like Curry is the match. If you could use Booker to get him, you might wanna consider doing it because there is a threat to Booker's usage right now in a way that there is not to Steph's. That's why you look at it from that standpoint. That doesn't mean you go and you get someone who like, you're just trying to lock in, like, a top 25. No. Because if Booker continues to run, you're not gonna wanna miss out on that. But because there is still that small, medium, whatever you wanna call it, looming question, I do think that this is a concept that that folks sometimes struggle with, especially when I talk about it on Twitter because there just aren't enough characters to express the nuance of it. Booker could could stay inside the top 10, inside the top 12, whatever. Yeah. It's not it's not a a a 0% chance. He could still stay there. My suggestion is merely to say, why didn't you try to get somebody who you know is stuck there that doesn't have something that could knock them off their pedestal? And with Booker, the thing that could knock him off is, does Bradley Beal actually get up to sort of Beal level usage at any point, or is he gonna be new Kevin Love, basically, where it's like, you know what? It's fine. I'll take, like, 14 shots a game. I don't need to be a guy who takes 18, 19 this year. That'd be a different monster. That would mean that it's Devin Booker and Kevin Durant as superstars and Bradley Beal as, like, a featured role player. In that case, Durant and Booker can stay where they're at. I don't I think there's at least a 50% shot that Beal ramps up from what he's been at in his 2 games since coming back. I mean, 9 shots, that's absurdly low. He's like a spot up shooter right now. I thought that's I don't think that's why they'd mortgaged another handful of pieces of the farm to go get him. I don't think this is the role that they envision. So that's why I'm like, okay. Look. Like, there's a don't care what percentage you wanna call. If you think there's a 75% chance that Booker stays where he's at, okay. Great. If you think there's a 40% chance he stays where he's at, okay. Whatever. Either way, that gives a decent chunk possibility that he doesn't no matter how confident you are, unless you're, like, 100% chance. Nothing changes, which to me feels somewhat shortsighted. I call it 5050. Just for argument's sake, call it 5050. Booker continues to roll at a 29 and 8 clip on great percentages. Can we agree on 5050? Call it a coin flip. Wouldn't you rather than flip them for a guy who's basically, like, a 100% chance to stay where he's at? Sure. Why not? But if the best someone's willing to give you is, like, Desmond Bane or James Harden, don't do it. Simple as that. Just stick with what you got at that point. Let's take a quick look at Thursday. It's actually, like, not that small of a card tonight. That's kinda cool. Quick mid show reminder also, by the way, of the things that I mentioned at the outset, which I wouldn't blame you guys for turning the show off at that point because we went through a 6 minute technical difficulty. Thank you, Windows Update. Did I even explain that? I think I explained that. Windows Update installed an audio driver update in the middle of a live show. That feels like the kind of thing the computer should be like, hey. Do you want us to update your drivers while you're doing a show? And I would have said, no. You stupid, stupid operating system. Don't touch my audio drivers. They're actively in use. What the hell kind of garbage machine does that? Anyway, so though those of you that joined us after, my rage fueled rant at my audio drivers, come hang out with us in Discord. Link is in the show description. That's number 1. Number 2, if you're trying to get me live, you may have noticed recently I don't answer every question in the chat room. I'm answering the ones that are more broadly applicable. If you have a more specific question, use the comments tab after I post the show. And, frankly, you can start to do that now. If you're like, oh, I've been posting these questions about my 2 for 2 trades I'm thinking in the chat. Just throw those in the comments instead. No. I'm not gonna I'm probably not gonna get to those in the chat room. That's number 2. Number 3, I'm on social at danbesbris. Definitely come locate me over there if you haven't already. D a n b e s b r I s. I'm hoping at least one of you does that every single day. Number 4, sports ethos and sportsethos.com. Ethosfantasybk. That's hard to remember. Ethosfantasybk for basketball is the Twitter feed for the Ethos news. And number 5 is I almost forgot to tell you about our pals, over atmanscaped.com. I've also been doing a bad job of actually, using the the talking points that they give me. So let's read one verbatim and see how embarrassed I get. Santa, baby. The season for a fresh cut is finally here with the sponsors of today's show, MANSCAPED.manscaped.com. The leaders in below the waist grooming have just launched their 5th generation lawnmower to help you, you, you hairy son of a gun, avoid another silent night in the bedroom. Look. Even if you're not, getting frisky, and this is me taking some liberties with it, at least your bedroom will have the rhythmic of a sideburn trimmer. Take your special snowflake take care of your special snowflake. I read that wrong. With MANSCAPED to watch your oh, I don't like this. Watch your south pole shine like never before. Oh, that's gross. Come on, MANSCAPED. That's gross. Anyway, get the best stocking stuffer of all by going to manscaped.com using code ethos 20. Ethos 20 for 20% off and free shipping. Missus Claus will thank you, they say. Again, that's 20% off and free shipping with the code ethos twenty atmanscaped.com. Oh, they're so naughty with their live reads. That's why I usually just make crap up on the fly. Naughty Naughty Manscaped. Alright. What do we got tonight? Cleveland is at Boston. Not much in the not much in the Cleveland Boston game. Is this a rematch? Am I remembering that right? Didn't they just play 2 days ago? Is Cleveland Boston a game on Tuesday? Yeah. Boston won by 7. Cavs could really use Evan Mobley back. I haven't seen an update on him yet this morning, so wait on that. Yeah. I think that's it. Chicago, not much there. I mean, we're and, again, we sort of, like, drew the the stash line ahead of Patrick Williams these days. Caruso is questionable, I believe. Miami, Just waiting to find out if anybody's resting for the heat. And then, otherwise, we can get right back into the stream and stuff. Timberwolves, whether or not Anthony Edwards plays is something. Jaden McDaniels, by the way, is also questionable, so they might get him back. Not that that really changes much. But if those guys are back, that probably puts a dent into the Nas Reed heater that's been going lately. Just keep your watch on that. Dallas, gotta find out who's in, who's out. Seems like Dante Exum is playable these days depending on who's out. That could change. We know Kyrie Irving's still out, and that's obviously the big one. But, again, you're watching Dallas to see who's playing. So then you can think about Exum. You can think about Tim Hardaway junior, etcetera, etcetera. Very difficult back to back for Brooklyn in Denver. There's a reason the Nuggets are favored by 9 and a half points in this game. Presumably, Jamal Murray will be back. We shall see. I think he's probable last I saw. Jokic was ejected in the last one, so he'll play. KCP, I think, is the only, question for the Nuggets right now. Utah, we just talked about a bunch. They're in a a tough travel back to back up in Portland. Jazz are down a lot of players. But, again, we just talked about Collin Sexton being interesting. Olinic if he's starting, and so on and so forth for the blazers. Do they get Brogdon or Deandre Ayton or both back for this game? That would dramatically change who's doing what out there. So keep your eye on the health report for that team too. Thunder, nothing. Kings, nothing. Again, other than the fact that I still think Keegan Murray is a by low. If you can believe that, I think he's going higher. And then Malik Monk's been cruising other than everybody sucking in their last ball game. Warriors and Clippers is an interesting one. Clippers have been playing well lately. Paul George is, I believe, questionable for today's ballgame. If he's out, you could probably stream Norman Powell. But I would argue that the more interesting side of this one is the, Warrior side because Draymond Green I don't man, I Alright. So probably should've talked about this at the outset. I know I said I was gonna do a better job of talking about news at the front end of the show, and then I just completely whiffed on that today. So Draymond Green is suspended indefinitely indefinitely, meaning could be a few days, could be a while. The thought and the reporting suggests that Draymond is going to have to go through some sort of counseling and get help for his constant outbursts and attacks happening right now, and it's like and it is out of control. What do I think? I think it's probably 10 to 15 games if I had to guess. It's a total guess, so I could be way off, but, that's kinda where I'm at on the how long do we think Draymond's out. But, also, Klay's been bad. Wiggins has been atrocious, And Steve Kerr's finally giving younger guys more opportunity. So Brandon Podgemski, we talked about it, I think, on yesterday's show. He's probably an ad right now to see how this shakes out. We could end up seeing more Dario Scharic. I don't know that he makes the cut for 12 team roto leagues, but when their schedule is good, he's probably good enough to stream in head to head. And then Jonathan Kuminga was already an ad even before Draymond got suspended, and this is only gonna sort of further solidify that. And I would argue he's probably my favorite of the bunch because, again, he was already taking a leap in Steve Kerr's eyes, and now there's just 30 minutes that opened up. So even if he's not playing great on a given night, they almost have no choice but to give Kuminga some run. He has issues with his free throw percent. Sometimes other stuff gets in the way. He doesn't get quite as many steals and blocks as you'd think, given his athleticism, but we've seen scoring. We've seen rebounding. We've seen some threes. We've seen seemingly a little bit of progress in just his overall demeanor. So Steph, you're starting. I think I'm still starting Klay. I'm not starting Andrew Wiggins. I'm definitely starting Chris Paul because he went huge the last time Draymond was out. That's good because a lot of our fantasy teams have Chris Paul around here. Pogemski, roto, coin flip. I probably sit him because anytime I'm on the fence with a guy, I don't play him against my games cap. But head to head, you can go. Charge, probably a head to head go. Not a roto go for me. And then Kuminga, I mean, we've got we're gonna have a window here to to sort of scout it out. I wouldn't mind if you sat him in roto for a game, but he's probably gonna get to do some stuff. And the only thing you run into here is, you know, is he gonna be dealing with Kawhi Leonard a lot? Because that could make this particular ballgame a little tougher. But overall, I think I'm starting Kuminga in most spots right now and just kinda seeing how it goes. Good job burying the lead, Dan. Tomorrow, perhaps, I'll remember to do the news at the front end of the show, but today, I did not. Alright. Here's my quick scan of the very busy chat room. Holy crap. You guys posted a lot of questions. Oh my goodness. Alright. I'm gonna scan through them. Apologies to those that are listening after the fact, especially without the video element where you guys can see me, like, rapid fire trying to robo scanning this thing. Let's see. One question was whether I'm talking 8 or 9 cat. I'm talking 9 cat most of the time on this show. Is Markelle Fultz a drop? Apparently, he's getting closer. I think he was spotted actually doing stuff at practice. So if you didn't drop him yet, now you might as well hang on. What is he gonna be when he comes back? I have no idea. I think that I think the apex for him this year was, like, 90 range. So 12 teamers, he may have been a drop already. 14 and deeper, you're definitely hanging on at this point. And, again, 12 teamers, if you've held for this point, you might as well just kinda see you might as well just kinda see where it goes. Question about the live pre or the premium q and a I mentioned that goes on in our Discord. I can elaborate a little bit on that. I feel like I don't know who doctor president 23 is. I don't know if you're a member or, like, one of our employees on a burner account. But either way, I'll answer the question. So in our Discord, if you have a Fantasy Pass or other sports ethos premium subscription, you let a mod know that you have a premium pass, and they open up new rooms. And one of them is a q and a that runs with the Sports Ethos pros all the time. Chat rooms just open. And when pros are around, they pop in there, and they answer your questions. So it's a really cool feature of the premium pass. I don't think anybody else on the planet has that type of thing going on. So, again, if you have any premium stuff at Sports Ethos, make sure you're using that in our Discord. Okay. This is where my, everything went down. Thank you, you, brutal, brutal computer. In fact, I know you guys were all trying to tell me in the chat room, and I really appreciate that. But it was an alert that popped up in the corner on my monitor that said, installing Realtek audio drivers. And I went, what do you mean, computer? I'm talking right now. And then I noticed that everything was dead. Okay. Question. Who do I prefer between Koolaba Lee or Tari Eason? I would prefer Eason. His fantasy profile is vastly superior. Vastly. Kelly Oubre or D'Angelo Russell? I'll go Dilo on that one. Kyrie Irving or Darius Garland? Kyrie on that one. Do we think Bam is gonna be good to go soon? You know what? I actually don't know on that one. I really don't know. Heater being, as usual, somewhat clandestine. That's not the word. I mean, it sort of is. They're just not giving us many updates. They, you know, they said he was gonna be out for at least a week. It's been about that long. So, hopefully, we'll get, an update in the not too distant future. What I tend to do in situations like this mentally, just to sort of prepare myself, is say, okay. I'm just gonna assume he's out for another week or 2. And if he pops up before then, great. So just set your sights low. Set the bar low. And if they jump over it, terrific. How much time do you think Kyrie is gonna miss? Also very nebulous. I'm gonna say, 2 total weeks from the injury. Maybe 3. Alright. Let's see. What do we got here? A lot of good discussion going on between the people in the chat room. I love that. Let's see. I love the chatter, but it does make it harder for me to find the questions. Here's a question. When do I leverage rest of season appeal as opposed to picking up the hot hand in a roto league? My specific question is whether I should get someone like Atari Eason and drop Asar Thompson or Herb Jones or Gordon Hayward and a 10 teamer. I think you could potent you could probably go Eason over Asar Thompson right now, because it does feel like he got that starting job back when Duran and Bagley both went down. But in general, you know, it's gonna come down to, like, what a guy's doing short term versus someone long term, because Herb Jones has been very good all season long at this point. Gordon Hayward has been pretty well tied to LaMelo being out lately, but was very good before that. So you're sort of like, okay. I don't know what Tahira Eason's gonna be. He might fade again if the Rockets if their starters play better, guys get healthy, whatever. There's no guarantee that Eason's gonna even be good in their next ball game. Now if we use a different example of somebody filling in like, let's say Al Horford let's say Porzingis went down for 2 weeks or something, and Al Horford was out there. That's a situation where you're like, look. I'm gonna get a top 50 producer here for 2 weeks. What am I grading that against? The the the problem the difficulty with your question, shining knight, is that we don't know what Tara Eason's gonna be in his next ballgame even, let alone the next week, 2 weeks, whatever. So there's a hot hand appeal, I get it, but there's also a lot of question marks with him. So in this case, you probably just go with guys that you know are playing well, which is the 3 you already have. But if the hot hand was a more guaranteed one, like a guy filling in and moving from 20 minutes a game to, like, 36 minutes a game, then you start to think, okay. Like, if I can get 2 weeks of top 50 and the guy I'm dropping is more like a plotting 90, 100, 100 10 kinda guy, that's where you definitely make the swap. Hopefully, that strategically makes some sense. Someone's asking about, what's a good return for Lowry Markkanen? You're not gonna get a good return right now because he just came back. He's not playing well yet. Once he gets going, you could probably aim for pretty much anybody inside the top twenty based on what he did last year and how he started this season, but you're gonna need him to look good for a week or two before you could potentially trade from, like, any point of strength. And that's where I'm gonna pull the plug on things. I appreciate you guys putting all these amazing questions in there. What I will say is if I didn't get to your question, wait till I close out the show here in 30 seconds or whatever. Put it in the comments. I don't care if there's, like, 20 comments that pop up. Eventually, I'll get to them. Truly. I think I can say I promise that. Comment section. That's where you go with it. Please like. Like. I'm working so hard right now. Please like the show. Please subscribe if you guys like what I'm doing. At some point, I'm gonna go back and try to edit out the audio difficulties in the middle, but YouTube won't let me do that for, like, 12 hours. So sorry to folks watching after the fact. I'm probably gonna try to put a time stamp on this so folks know that they can jump over a few minutes, but, also, I'm not that great of a producer. So oh, well. I'm Dan Vasquez. On social. Come find me on Discord. Come find me. All the links are anywhere you need them. They're all in the show description. Might have a show this afternoon. Leaning towards probably no, because I'm tired, but we'll see. I have this one idea I've been wanting to do forever. We'll see. Alright. See you later for now, everyone.