Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright, folks. I got limited time today. So I don't know if I'm gonna have a 15 minute rant about a trade deadline pickup, but, maybe I still will. My kid's been battling something all week. We've tried our best to, get him to school because he hasn't been too super boogery. We figured, like, you know, whatever. Kids, they're all just exchanging germs. But today, he is tied up in the next no. He's watching a show one room over, and I'm hoping that I've got, like, 20 or 30 minutes before he yells that he needs a snack or whatever. So, welcome to the show, everybody. It's Fantasy NBA Today, sports ethos presentation. I'm your host, Dan Vesperis. You can find me over on social at Dan Vesperis. Some of you are watching over there as we speak. So hello. Make sure you like, follow, subscribe to everything we're doing here. Friends that are joining us right now after the fact watching whatever, you guys know the drill. Please do take a second to hit that like button and the subscribe button, because it's just right there also. And we're churning out fantasy content all year long. You may hate me for it, but I'm not gonna change what I'm doing here. So, anyway, let's dive straight in. I don't wanna spend a whole lot of time on other stuff. I don't know when I'm gonna run out of my clock on today's show. Thunder, beat the Magic. Yeah. It's gonna be a shorter show. We're going 20 to 30 minutes today instead of 50. Thunder beat the Magic 127113 on the road. 0 surprises as per usual on the Thunder side. There hasn't been a surprise for the Thunder in a bazillion years. But as far as the Magic goes, we have a couple of things to consider. Gary Harris left this ball game early. Markelle Fultz, they have a back to back, so who knows what's gonna go on there. Jonathan Isaac on a back to back. We got we got a couple of things. First thing is, Jalen Suggs, 1774, 4 3 pointers in a steal. He got off to a hot shooting start in this game and then cooled substantially as the game went on, but good to see the rebounds. I still can't fully get myself back in on Suggs. I had somebody ask me why I wasn't backing on faults, and it's like, well, I don't know that I even need to go into detail on that. Suggs has, at times this year, kinda nuzzled up against pretty good Fantasy value, but he's had a lot of trouble maintaining it lately, largely because his percentages have been dog due. Last couple weeks is at 40% from the field, 60 some odd at the free throw line. Like, that's just not gonna get it done. I like the steals. Don't get me wrong, but, nope. Wendell Carter Junior's minutes were back up in this one. Nope. He continually loses minutes to some backup center on this team. It's typically been Moe Wagner lately. And, Wendell doesn't get defensive stats. Sort of a tough center to to invest in when you're not getting defensive stats out of said center. At least he doesn't tank percentages, so that's a slight uptick. But, no, I don't want anything to do with that. And then Jonathan Isaac, who we talked about a couple days ago on the show, he played 25 minutes for the first time in almost 5 years. I guess more like 4 years and 3 months, something like that. 4 years, 3 months ago was the last time he played 25 minutes before over the weekend. And he had 15 minutes in this one. They have a back to back going tomorrow or tonight. It was tomorrow when he played this ball game. So you knew the minutes were gonna be held in check a little bit. I have put him on my bench in some roto leagues where I'm not super far behind in games played because I just kinda wanna see what the rest of this season brings. You know, if he starts getting 22, 20 to 25 minutes in, like, non back to back situations, then I'll start to deploy him. If he doesn't, I won't. And I don't think you could put him on your head to head roster because there's just way too much inconsistency in how many minutes he's getting to play. And so, you know, that bigger headache than it's worth. Boston, I was chasing a kid when the news broke late yesterday in the evening that Krista Porzingis was gonna sit out the, front end of the Celtics back to back. They have a Brooklyn home and home going on here. This one was on the road. They play at home tonight against, the same Brooklyn Nets team. So, sadly, I was not at my computer to throw Al Horford into the lineup. Aw. And we missed out. 16, 6, and 4 on a perfect 6 of 6 shooting and 2 for 2 at the free throw line. The Horford fill in is just, like, the easiest roto games cap play. And at this point, Horford actually belongs just on rosters because he's filled in so often that his numbers on the year are just good throughout. Like, you could make the argument to just play them every day, but at least we know when to play him. You play him when Porzingis sits or Jaylen Brown sits or Jayson Tatum sits or Derrick White sits or Drew Holiday sits because he drops into the lineup when anybody on the Celtics is out. On the year, yes, his value is inflated by the fact that he only has 0.7 turnovers a game. But even on the season now, he's number 84. That's including the half of games where he's not playing reasonable minutes. I can't properly just dissect it and tell you what his exact rank is when one starter is out for the Celtics, But I can tell you it's pretty damn good, and he should be deployed in all of those spots. And now he'll sit the second half of the back to back, and Porzingis will likely come back and blah blah blah. So, you know, nothing else nothing new on the Boston side. Mostly just wanted to complain to you guys because I didn't get a chance to get Horford into my lineups. Brooklyn has a few things going on. Ben Simmons played 24 minutes, had 5, 6, and 8 with no defensive stats, missed 3 of his free throws, and went 1 of 5 shooting from the field. It's going to be a better bigger headache than it's worth. I get it. Some of you guys wanna throw him on your bench on in a roto league and just see how it goes. And if he gets up to 30 minutes at any point, then you're like, alright. I guess maybe I can throw him out there. Okay. Fine. If I told you I'm doing it with Jonathan Isaac, I can't really get on your case if you wanna do it with Ben Simmons. Both of those guys are probably gonna be hurt in the next 2 weeks. Neither one of them is reliable for minutes. The difference, at least in my eyes, is that when Jonathan Isaac plays 24 minutes, he's a fantasy value. When Ben Simmons plays 24 minutes, he's not. He wasn't a fantasy value 1st couple weeks this year when he was playing full starters minutes. So there's no guarantee that he will be again. He's just, like, bigger and slower than he used to be. Health or no health, he's not the same spring chicken he was 4 years ago before all the stuff. If you wanna do the Ben Simmons thing, you do the Ben Simmons thing. I'm not doing the Ben Simmons thing, not certainly outside of any kind of keeper format. That would be the only place you're like, well, you know, maybe I pick him up. I can spend, like, a 12 13th round pick to hold on to him for next year because who knows? Might come into a season healthy. Little easier than sitting through whatever this schmutz is. Cam Thomas shot 50%, which means I need a sound effect, but sell high. When he shoots 50%, you sell high. When he doesn't, you don't. Straightforward. And then, the Dennises. Dennis Smith Junior, just 15 minutes, so I think we can probably not worry too much about him. Dennis Schroder, not a good ball game. 3 turnovers, 1 of 3 free throws, 3 of 10 from the field, but 32 minutes. That was the number that jumped out at me. 32 minutes, which is starters minutes. And, again, there's no guarantee that it turns into, perfect fantasy value. But in 30 minutes in Toronto, basically, he was at about top 125 or so. His role wouldn't be that different. So, you know, you can't look at him and be like, oh, he's gonna get a bunch more shots in Brooklyn than he got. A bunch more assists. No. He'd be about the same guy. The difference is could he go from 30 minutes to 32 or 30 3? That 10% would get him up to the top 100 threshold. Not that that's, like, a huge difference. What's the difference in starting a a 100 ranked guy and a 1 20 ranked guy? Very little. Very little. That's where guys are pretty heavily clustered. Really starting from around, like, pick 80, the guys get super duper clustered from 80 to, like, well, basically the end of it. Although, again, like, at a certain point, the difference between pick 80 and the difference between pick 140 is pretty different. It's just that the pick between 80 and, like, 90 is not that different. The 10 player gap is small. The 40 player gap is significant. Whereas at the top of the draft, at the top of the rank board, a 10 player gap is huge. A like, a 3 player gap is small. So that's just sort of a sliding scale thing. So what do you do? What do you do? That's the question. What do you do with Dennis Schroder? We saw a bad line, 9 points, 5 boards, 3 assists, couple of 3 pointers, bad percentages, no defensive stats. And and, again, like, this is the thing that is going to haunt him. He's not a big defensive stat guy. He averaged about just under 1 steal a game, and maybe he can get back to that. Doesn't shoot that many threes, so hard for him to float his value there. He's a good free throws guy. Typically, I know this game, small sample size theater. The assists are probably gonna be decent. The scoring is probably gonna be fine, but not spectacular. You're hoping he can get you kind of up to, like, league average or fantasy league average. What's the upside? Not a ton. Upside's like top 90, top 85 if guys start pulling the plug on their season, which they won't because it sounds like Cam Johnson is hopeful to make his return in this ball game. I don't know if he's gonna play enough minutes to be successful, but, like, where are these extra minutes coming from? Does it come from Schroder? Ben Simmons sitting out the back to back. I guess that's where some of them could be. Why isn't Dory and Finney Smith playing more minutes? Is that injury related? Probably. Will they go up? Maybe. Brooklyn is looking at a bit of a log jam, so reason to maybe stem the tide on any optimism. But I do think we need to hold on to Schroder in the short term because, again, how many point guards you got floating out there that are playing 30 minutes a game? That are on the waiver wire, I guess I should add. Not many. He beat the Bucks 12397, and this ballgame was over early, but we were able to learn a few things about Miami. Jimmy Butler. Terry Rozier. Josh Richardson. That's right. I did the French pronunciation. Sweet cultured Dan Bibri on today's show. Jaime Yakez came off the bench for 28 minutes. Keep an eye on him, but you don't have to add him right now. Kevin Love had 198 and 3 in 23 bench minutes. He is a usage monster, has been all season long. The issue is that, you know, 15, 60 minutes is not enough to get him to a fantasy play. But the way that Kevin Love has put up numbers in super low minutes this year Kinda tells you that in, like, 24, 25 minutes, he probably would be around the top 100 guy. So keep one eye on Kevin Love as well. If you badly need a few threes and a couple of rebounds from a center that can shoot free throws, Okay. It's a little more, you know, specialist y. Nikola Jovitch, not to be confused, of course, had 24 points and 5 3 pointers in this game after basically not playing for the last 2 weeks. So watch list him on for me, and then Duncan Robinson. You see where I'm, like, circling towards my target here. Duncan Robinson, when he starts, he's a go. That's the way it was earlier this year when, Tyler Herro was out, and they didn't have Terry Rozier yet. And Jimmy Butler missed some time in there, so there were a couple guys out. When Duncan Robinson starts, Duncan Robinson is a play. He has gotten better at cutting, like, substantially, and he's still gonna hit a bunch of 3 pointers, maybe not 6 every ballgame. And then, of course, you've got the fact that Miami schedule sucks. So for head to head, you got a game today, and then they're off until Friday of next week. And then they're off again over the weekend. So after today, Miami is one game. You got the all star break, which obviously inflates the numbers, but one game over 11 days. That ain't gonna get it done. But Roto makes a lot of sense because you squeeze out one game, you can just move on after that if you think anybody on Miami is back after the all star break. Kevin Love is a 5050. He's a coin flip. He's very much a do you need these categories kinda guy, whereas Duncan Robinson is more in the yeah. I mean, he'll be mathematically a guy you could play. As far as the Bucks go, Malik Beasley continues to be your Khris Middleton fill in and not a supremely exciting one at that. But he's been, like, generally good enough, A low upside 3 point streamer, basically, and that's it. Jae Crowder sucks. He had that one decent game in there, but, otherwise, it's been super ugly. And there was video of Giannis, like, snapping a towel at an official in this ballgame. Be careful what you wish for, Bucks, man. You unloaded your coach, and you are crapping the bed. Congratulations on your bed, defecation. Bucks did get a win in there. They beat, a Nuggets team that's thrown it into hard cruise control. They also beat the Hornets, but, you know, who cares? Lost to the Jazz, lost to the Suns, lost to the Wolves, lost to the Heat without their entire starting 5. Yeah. Trouble. Speaking of the Timberwolves, they are good. They're the number one seed in the Western Conference right now. Game up on the, Thunder. Wolves are 38 and 16. Impressive that they're 19 and 11 on the road. So, home heavy schedule the rest of the way, 19 and 5 at home. They've got 6 more home games than road games left. That's a good sign, but they win any anywhere. This game was over early ish. Game was not as close as the final score would indicate, although Rudy Gobert and Anthony Edwards still got to play a a pretty healthy allotment of minutes. But they were able to get Mike Conley out of there early. Cat had some, issues in this game. Don't worry about that. Jaden McDaniels played 20 4 minutes, so he didn't miss any time. And then with the sort of kooky minutes, you got extra Nikhil Alexander Walker, extra slow mo, extra Naz Reed. You can mostly ignore that stuff when the Timberwolves are healthy. And then as far as the blazers go, they are not healthy, but they're not not healthy enough. That make any sense? It actually did make sense if you sort of slow it down. We need the blazers to either be healthier so we could start someone like a Malcolm Brogdon or more unhealthy, so we can get to fringier players. As it stands right now, you've got Jeremy Granite, Deandre Ayton, and Anthony Simons are 3 safe plays at this exact moment, and then you had this sort of one every 3 to 4 game decent marker for Scoot Henderson. He's still very much learning the NBA level. But when all those guys are there, that's enough guys healthy to render anyone else useless. I've had to knock back so many questions about when it's time to pick up Jabari Walker. Not yet. I don't know that there's ever gonna be a time to pick him up, but we definitely need Jeremy Grant out. We probably need Shaden Sharp not to come back, which isn't gonna happen. He's gonna come back. He's a young dude who's gonna wanna get some minutes under his belt. Like, I mean, Simons is still a young dude even if you think maybe they shut him down at some point. Scoot's gonna play it out. Ayton's gonna be here and there. They'll that that'll probably sniff of of shutdown. So what happens if we get Ayton out and we get Jeremy Grant out? Is that enough? In that instance, I'd probably rather pick up Duop Wreath. At least as your backup center, it's sort of easier to get fantasy stats than praying that Jabari Walker can do something besides hit a 3 pointer and grab 8 rebounds. If I'm looking at Portland and I'm looking for somebody that I think could be, you know, March Stache, Reath would be that guy. Tamani Kamara might be that guy. He has a little bit more variety to his game. Henderson, if you think Scoots start to figure it out here at the end of the year, you know my feeling on rookie ball handlers. It's after February or not at all. And, frankly, if you're looking for sort of, like, return on effort, not at all is a lot easier on your conscience, your anxiety level. Sacramento, Phoenix, that was a fun one. King's couple of mistakes down the stretch cost him a chance to maybe steal this one on the road. Sabonis with a huge ballgame. He got off to a slow start this year, and he kinda always knew that he'd eventually work his way up the board. He's back to number 20 5 now. Not because necessarily his counting stats got bigger. This is obviously a huge ballgame, but he's been in this sort of 2012 and some odd to 13, good assist numbers, 8a half this year. It's the free throws. They were in the mid to low sixties for a while, and they've slowly ticked their way up to 70 after he went 7 out of 8 in this ballgame. And it's that, like, you never even really notice it's happening, but it's happening. And I don't think you ever really able to buy low on him because the low free throws people are like, yeah. He's he's he's fine. You got the good De'Aaron Fox game after a few bad ones. He's been bouncing back and forth between, like, 3555. He's at 45 right now. Right smack in the middle largely because, he's bad in the 3 points league categories. Negative field goal, free throw, and turnovers. He's been pretty awesome in a bunch of other stuff, but I play 9 cat. So there you go. Malik Monk continues his little heater here. You guys know, and I I get it. I'm a little bit more conservative than your average fantasy analyst, but you've come with me this far, so I presume it's because you like that I take fewer risks. In any event, Monk very much a go in head to head leagues, very much a go in points leagues. I continue to be somewhat reticent about dropping him into a lineup on the side because his value tends to be pretty tied up in points and assists. The other stuff comes and goes a tad. Field goal percent fluctuates wildly. Turnovers fluctuate wildly. He's, a 100% over this last I guess, like, a week and a half or so. He's very much been a play in all formats over that week, so I get it. I'm being too nervous about it, but he's also not gonna shoot, you know, 55 to 60% long term, and that's the cooking rate that he's on right now. He's also blocking. Like, he's blocked, like, 7 shots in the last week or something crazy. He's way out over his skis and stuff that you know is coming back to Earth. If you wanna try to ride the wave in roto against the games cap, hope it lasts a few more games. That's fine. I just I'm always worried that I'm gonna drop him in there, and it's gonna be either that game or the next game where the cliff he hits the cliff, and then you end up doing damage to yourself. Of course, the opposite side of this is that, if Monk is playing well, and for some reason they really don't wanna take Harrison Barnes out of the lineup, then, Kevin Herter is his run of better play is probably about to end. He's, his minutes have trended down the last two ball games. He was on a heater before that. He shot the ball well in this ball game, but he was part of some, lineups that were getting their butts kicked. So out you go. I'm giving her exactly one more ball game to prove to me that he can continue to get 30 minutes a night. And if not, a bye bye. A Bradley Beal left after 4 and a half minutes. He's hurt again. This time, it's a hammy. At least we have the all star break coming up here. I think Phoenix has one more game. Yeah. They played Detroit tonight, so they should be able to win that one without him. Suns have, very much turned their season in the positive direction since they got healthy. That's been a big part of it. But the you know, Detroit on a back to back from LA flying to Phoenix. They're gonna be freaking cooked. So in the short term, Grayson Allen obviously gets a bump. He was already a start. Eric Gordon gets a bump, and we saw Royce O'Neil got a nice bump. So now it comes down to what's the pecking order behind Booker, Durant, Nurk, and I would say Grayson Allen who's safely kind of in that top 4. Top 5 when Beal is there, top 4 when he's not. Is it gonna be Gordon, or is it gonna be Royce O'Neil that produces in this game? Personally, I lean to Royce. I think Gordon probably starts. I don't know that that's actually necessarily true. They might want him as their bench gunner, But Royce O'Neil has the more varied fantasy game, meaning and we saw this, I guess it'd be was it last year or the year before? I don't know. I I lose track of seasons ever so quickly. Royce last year, that was already in Brooklyn. Yeah. 9 points, 5 boards, 4 assists, 1.5 defensive stats, and 2 3 pointers, in 31 minutes, that's a nice variety pack. So, yeah, he's probably not gonna score more than 9 points during his little fill in run here. But if he can get me 5 boards and 4 assists and a steal and a half a block or maybe you go a little bit higher than that, who knows? That to me is more interesting than hoping I catch the Eric Gordon good shooting game, the lightning in a bottle game, which he's had a bunch of them. I gotta try not to be such a a jerk to Gordon because on the season, he's shooting 46%, which is way better than, expectations. And if that holds and he drops into this bigger Usidore, he took 17 shots last night, then, yeah, he's inside the top 100. I just continue to look at Gordon and go, is he really, truly gonna shoot 46% all year? Is it really about the fact that playing with with Booker and KD has just, launched him, you know, 3, 4 percentage points higher than he's been basically throughout his entire career. And it's not that the 3 point shooting has changed all that much. You know, he's at 39% this season. His career at 37. He's had some years where he's I mean, he's had plenty of years where he's been 39 or better, but he was still 40, 41, 42 from the field. His 2 point shot has been much better this year, and, you know, maybe that's the spacing that that that team gives him, or maybe it's something that's due to regress. I don't know for sure. I can't tell you. Sometimes guys just have better seasons. And if that's what's happening here for Gordon, then I'm being shortsighted and too conservative in not grabbing him. Points leagues, you grab him head to head, you probably grab him because you're not as worried about the damage he could do to field goal percent. This my discussion right now is really more about would I use him against the game's cap, and the answer tonight against Detroit is probably not. Same deal for Royce O'Neil leaning towards no. You know, Phoenix after this one, they're off for a while, but they do have 3 games on the other side of the all star break if you think Bradley Beal is not backed by then. And if it's and I don't know if it's just sore or actually strain. I think they called it a strain. I mean, if it's really a strain, Beal probably misses time on the other side of the break. So there might be a path there. And then the Lakers, beat up on Detroit. This game, it was funny. It was like a semi blowout. I watch a lot of Lakers games live. I call it a semi blowout because the Lakers were up by, like, 18 through for the entire Q4. They never really opened it up. I don't think the Lakers left ever led by more than 23 points in the game, but they were up double digits basically the entire ballgame. And so the Lakers yanked Anthony Davis with, like, 3 minutes to go, in the Q3. And then you could just see, like, can we hang on to a comfortable enough lead that he doesn't have to come back into the ball game? And, also, I kept looking at it like, why is LeBron playing so much right now? Because he frankly looked tired. He wasn't guarding anybody on defense, and I think this is one of those situations where they're like, look. We can we're gonna score enough in this game where we don't have to worry about it once we built a lead. But then we got the news after the game that LeBron was not gonna be playing the back to back in altitude in Utah. That's a really difficult back to back. I mean, if the Lakers are gonna lose a game going into the all star break, this is absolutely it. Utah has not been playing as well lately, but there's a reason they're favored by 5 and a half points in this game. And it's because LeBron is out. I don't think Anthony Davis has been ruled out yet. I think it's just LeBron, but it's also a back to back where Utah has had rest. They're not the only team hosting, a a club on a back to back in altitude. Denver has Sacramento on a back to back in altitude. Those are tough, man. You gotta dig real deep. So, normally, we jump over the Lakers, but I do wanna talk about them in just a second. As far as Detroit goes, this is sort of a good news, bad news thing with Simone Fontecchio. 26 minutes in the starting role, and he was basically just gonna roll with the starters. But this game ended early. So, Cade didn't finish the ballgame. Jalen Dern didn't come back late. Saur Thompson did actually get a few extra minutes in this game, and he looked good. Hang on to him. Lakers were just letting him dunk for long stretches. Jaden Ivy, who's always gonna be a much better points league option than, to traditional 9 cat. You got a bigger James Wiseman game because he was also dunking a bunch, but this is a this is a goofy one. Here here's the short version. Fontecchio, I like him with the starter's unit, so hold for now. He had a weird ballgame, but he seemed willing to sort of fire, and he also ended up getting blitzed by the lakers a bunch of times. So let let's give him another one. Again, I don't think he's gonna average 29 like that first ballgame, but he'll probably be a little bit better than this. Cade Duran, obviously, you're hanging on to in all formats. Ivy is gonna be a little bit fringy for Roto. I think he'll probably be outside the Roto 9 cat play. If you're head to head and you're punting one of the things he's terrible at, then, yes, that makes more sense. Obviously, points league's that to go. And then I gotta give a shout out, not fantasy wise, just, like, life wise to Evan Fournier, who played 24 and a half minutes in this game after Tom Thibodeaux had you know, what was the, what was the planet in Thor Ragnarok where all the junk got dumped? Tom Thibodeaux sent Evan Fournier to that planet. So he'd been hanging out with, you know, president Jeff Goldblum for the last little bit, but he got to play. And the funny thing is, Fournier didn't look that bad. Yeah. He made a couple of dumb mistakes, but, honestly, like, I expected way more dumbness from a guy who hasn't really been involved in basketball in god knows how long now. Did Forde see the court this year? I gotta look that up now. I know I haven't seen much of him, but sometimes it's like, I haven't seen much of a guy. Did he actually play at all? And the answer is yes. He got into 3 games previously this year, and, one of them was okay. December 30th. Oh, that's I was in Yosemite. Evan Fournier played, 17 minutes at 10, 2, and 2 with 3 steals. I don't think he's gonna play enough in Detroit to be a fantasy dude, but, honestly, keep one eye on it because Detroit is gonna need a veteran in there now that Bojan Bogdanovic and Alec Burks are gone. And, you know, none of nobody that they brought in, Quinta Grimes is not a veteran. Simone Fonsecchio is not a veteran. The guys they got coming back from injury, Grimes being one of them, Isaiah Stewart being the other, these guys are not veterans. So they may actually use a stabilizing player. But, again, like, we're not talking about starters minutes, so it it would probably be fringy. And then as the lakers go uh-oh. I may be running out of time here. As the lakers go, you know, one game situation here, they just they can't afford to push LeBron too hard. Maybe they can steal 1 on the road. Their thought is Lakers also have 3 4 days coming out of the all star break. And, again, altitude. I haven't really been a proponent of adding Rui Hachamura despite the fact that in his starters role, he has been a a, you know, more involved player. But with no LeBron, you'll probably see, you know, a dozen shots out of Rui in this ballgame. You might maybe get enough out of Spencer Dinwiddie. I don't like his fantasy game typically, but he's gonna get some assists. He's gonna get some steals. You saw him actually he was busting in on defense for his new team. Not a good 9 cat situation. And as the sort of the new guy, I'd be a little surprised if he was, like, taking over. You're gonna get a lot of Austin Reeves, a lot of Dilo, a lot of Anthony Davis, and probably just enough Hachimura to be a one day, you know, spot play kind of thing. I I don't think that I would take the plunge on Spencer Dinwiddie. Although he did look, competent in his first game with the Lakers. He looked like he was really hustling in a way that most guys in the NBA don't have energy to do right now. It's middle of the season, man. These guys are tired and Dinwiddie's playing like it's the 1st week of the year. Okay. That's all the time I have for today. I didn't do any promo. I just wanted to get through the information. Fontecchio, Schroeder, those were 2 of the really interesting ones. And then Dinwiddie, I probably should have put him on the list as well. Check out our buddies atmanscape.com. Use promo code Ethos 20 to get 20% off your free, and free shipping over there. Please do take a moment to like and subscribe. If you're checking us out for the first time, that subscribe button is a, colossal one for us. I am at Dan Basperis over on social media. Make sure to find me on Twitter. That's when I say social media, it's Twitter. I'm too old to figure out anything else, and we'll, try to get what we can to you guys over on social the rest of today. And, again, no double dips this week. No 2 show days because I gotta save the content for the all star break, which is right around the corner. We got a giant slate tonight. Almost everybody's playing and then a handful, small, less than a handful of games tomorrow. And then we got a break. Attempts to take a, deep semi, medium deep breath over the break. We got stuff to talk about over that. Don't worry, but, gotta save the shows. Thanks for listening, everybody. Shorter one today. As promised, I will see you guys all tomorrow. Good