Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Morning, everybody. I know we are, a couple of quarters into the first game of the day, but lucky for you guys, those games have nothing to do with streaming today. The Bucks and Sons, nothing to do with anything. Why? Well, because they're streaming today. They're playing today. Neither one has a particularly good schedule after today. Let's try this again, shall we? Welcome to the show, everybody. There is a game going right now, but luckily, it doesn't have anything to do with, streaming stuff. Phoenix playing Milwaukee as we speak. Phoenix is offered 2 days after this one. The Bucks are offered 2 days after this one as well. So you weren't adding any of them for this game, and you're not dropping them after. The rest of today, however, you do wanna be abreast of. So quickly, let's scroll through the board, make sure we know what direction we're going, what direction we're coming from, and we'll go from there. Your worst schedules today, which is the way we're going with this thing, I like to start with the worst. We'll work from there to the best. Worst schedule is the Charlotte Hornets, and it's, like, it's not even close. Well, I guess it's close because some teams are also bad. Hornets have one game over 6 days starting today. They're off today and tomorrow. They play Tuesday, and then they're off for 3 more days after that. Yikes. The Lakers, also another back into a terrible schedule. They've got one game over 5 days as do the Oklahoma City Thunder. One game over 5 days. Thunder, the worst of those 2, nobody's coming close to Charlotte's horrible schedule, but the Thunder are off for 3 days, today, tomorrow, and Tuesday. So as we look at these teams, and there is sort of, like, a a third place, like, a distant third, but they're still in there. The Rockets, the Pelicans, the Knicks, they've got one game over 4 days. Probably, you don't need to drop, especially because the Pels go into a 4 game week, so not a huge problem there. The Knicks actually play tomorrow. So if you're gonna drop them, you'd probably wanna do it on Tuesday when they go into a slightly lighter schedule. Rockets, that would be one you might consider because they're only into a 3 game week. And if you have any fringey players on that club, that would be the time to consider moving on from those dudes. But, really, focusing on kind of the top ones there, the Hornets schedule is just so bad that they're almost there's almost nobody on that team that you absolutely must hold through this next little stretch because it's a 2 game week for them on top of everything else. Legitimately, I don't even know if you need to hold on to Miles Bridges, who's generally been playable all season long aside you know, there's, like, a 1 week stretch where he wasn't as great. But, like, if you want it all until Tuesday, you could do that because then they have only one game over 5 days the rest of next week. That might be the way to do it. You don't really get to front load all that much, but if you're not desperate for an extra games played today, that would allow you to just basically say, okay. Well, next week, I'm gonna get one out of the first two days, and then I gotta move on. And the legitimately, after Tuesday, there's really nobody on the Hornets that you need to hang on to, if it's your finals week. If it's not your finals week, you try to hang on to Miles Bridges. But, again, nobody else. Not kidding. Not Mitsich, not Mann, not Miller, nobody over those last 5 days is good enough to warrant holding if your league comes to its conclusion. And even if it doesn't, I think you're you're you're talking about Bridges and probably Miller are the only 2 that you try to find a way to sort of wiggle through. Everybody else is a no. The Lakers and the Thunder, neither one of these teams has many streamers, so I don't think we have to worry about much. But for the Lakers, you'd you'd think of somebody like Arrui Hachimura. But, again, you might as well just hold them through Monday and then drop for the 3 days off after that. For the Thunder, Lou Dort, Josh Giddey, Kaysen Wall, these are guys that maybe got picked up at some point, but their schedule hasn't been good before this. So I'm guessing much like with the Lakers, nobody really was going down that streaming path. And then, again, if you really wanted to get into the the tooth the teeth of it, Houston, with 2 days off today and tomorrow, if you really need to maximize things, that would be a spot where you could maybe get off of, well, certainly off of Landale because he wasn't really worth exploring to begin with. You're holding on to Freddie VanVleet. You're holding on to Jabari Smith junior, especially while he's playing center now. Jalen Green's been oddly good, but he's someone that I would consider moving off of, in 9 cat format. Other formats, that's sort of a different story. Ahman Thompson, who we like a lot, especially on the roto side, probably someone you could abandon Chip on for the streaming side, just for this sort of 1 game in 4 day stretch. But, again, the those last 3 teams I mentioned, I I don't know if, like, he what did I say? Houston, New Orleans, New York Knicks, there aren't that many you can probably just kinda roll through it. I don't think there's a whole lot you need to do there. Anyhoo, so those are the worst schedules. Best schedules coming up right now are the Celtics who start a 5 game in 7 night stretch, the Pistons who have 6 games in 9 nights, and then a pretty big drop off. You got Miami on a back to back that also would go with 3 and 4 or 46 if you wanted to stretch it longer, and then the Atlanta hawks who just have the back to back. Let's take a 10 second break here. We'll drop in, we'll let YouTube drop in some ads, and we will let our other partners drop in some ads. And then we'll give you the names that you should be looking at with these best schedule scenarios. That's what's coming up here in just a matter of seconds. I'm realizing, of course, that, YouTubers never got a chance to see the streaming calendar, that was meant to go up there, but, my child knocking me in the head with my poster board behind me and then making a bunch of noise. And and look, I'm I I they've done so many shows over the years where my kid always popped into them, and they're always adorable. And all I asked was for a couple of seconds of, like, if you wanted to come say hi, that's all fine. Just please don't, like, bang around behind. That was it. That was it. Feeling frustrated. I wanted to do this show, like, 2 hours ago. Anyway, my apologies to my child. My apologies to all of you. I got frustrated, and, you guys heard me. What was I? I think I growled. Anyway, we'll do some editing for the folks that are hearing that after the fact. YouTubers and Twitter, viewers, you guys got the full experience. By the way, those that are watching on, the TV version of this, please do follow me on social media at Dan Vesperis. This is a hard time of year to maintain your following. A lot of people are like, alright. I guess I'm done with fantasy basketball. I don't need to follow this guy anymore. But I actually really do appreciate it. This is a cool time for me to pick up a few folks that are just kinda tuning in at the end of the season, trying to fight for their playoffs. We're doing some stuff, sorta having we're doing trying some things here. I've never done a streaming show like this every day the way we are, but we do our best. Okay. So quickly here, let's go through some of the, the names that make sense on the ads side. Those guys on the Celtics are not the regulars, what you'd say. It's Sam Hauser and Peyton Pritchard because with the Celtics playing 2 back to backs over 7 days, Porzingis still isn't back. You know, Horford is gonna sit 2 of those 5. You can probably bet that Drew Holiday basically, all of the starters are probably gonna sit 2 out of those 5 games because the Celtics are way out in front of everybody else in record. So you're gonna get at least 2 and probably more like 4 out of the 5 good games from Hauser and Pritchard, because the guys and and if with the Celtics' last back to back as any indicator, they rested half of their starters in one half of the back to back and the other half of their starters in the other one. That was their Portland, Utah. Now again, that was a tougher one because it was flying into altitude and losing an hour. But again, they they have nothing to push their guys for right now. They can beat a lot of the teams they're playing without 2 of their starters, and then Hauser and Pritchard get to just drop in and get that bump up. So we're talking about probably 4 games of 25 to 30 minutes apiece for those guys, and then maybe one game where they get their more typical, like, 15 to 20 minutes. But that's fine. Effectively, you're getting, like, 4 and a half games out of dudes that are very much sitting on the waiver wire over a 7 day span. That's great, especially if they go big in any of them. For the Pistons, probably roster already because they've had a good schedule pretty much throughout. Simone Fontecchio, Isaiah Stewart are the 2 guys that are streamer level on the Pistons. There are a few guys that are above that. There are a number of guys that are below it. And if you really wanted to go kinda dumpster diving here, if you can't get a Celtic or a Piston, then you go Heat. That's the next one. Caleb Martin, they're rolling into a, you know, back to back in a in a to to front load next week, which is nice. And then you could hold through Wednesday or even Friday on Miami if you wanted to go that bar. That's also fine. Jaimee Hakez junior is on that board. Duncan Robinson is likely already rostered because Hero's out indefinitely. So, Caleb and Jaime are probably the ones. And the hawks who have a back to back and nothing else, who? Nobody really. You're not picking up Krekci who's gonna lose a bunch of minutes because Jalen Johnson is back. You're not, like, Bruno Fernando is the closest thing you got, but k or, ClickAppelle has basically revved up to normal minutes now, so that's not really all that useful. And for the aux, you just have, you know, 4 or 5 guys that are all the time startable and then a massive drop off to anybody else. Let's see. What do we got here? I think that's basically it for today. If you wanna look a little bit farther down the line, and we'll take that image off the screen, I will now finally get the, scheduling board up there because I biffed that earlier while arguing with the youth. There you go. There's the scheduling board. We'll make it bigger. Then I'll try to do a little bit of a scroll through here for folks that are watching while we talk about it. But, again, if you wanna look towards the future a little bit, again, I love the idea of going, kinda Boston or Detroit right now because that sets you up for most of next week without having to use a move next week. But if you're stuck doing something at the beginning of next week, Minnesota is a team that goes back to back to start the week but doesn't really have a good schedule after that. What you'd be looking for if you were making your move on Monday instead of today, and we'll do a streaming show tomorrow as well as, it'll be a sort of streaming and a weekly preview, is you're looking for guys that can give you 3 games over 4 days or more to start the week. Those teams are Utah because they're finishing up with 5 and 7, and they're in some pretty significant tank mode. Sacramento goes 3 times in 4 days to start next week. Again, those watching can see me doing the scroll, and that's it. If you wanted to get 4 games in 6 days, believe it or not, your list actually gets a little bit better because a few teams have a back to back on sort of the tail end of that stretch of Friday, Saturday back to back. So that now includes Boston, who we already talked about as a pickup today, on top of the, Sacramento, Utah. Both those teams actually fit that mold. Portland goes back into having 4 games in 6 days because they have a back to back, on Friday, Saturday. And, look, you have we probably have a lot of blazers rostered already, and, those are the teams that get added in. So that would be what you're doing tomorrow if you have to make your moves a day ahead. Those are the the directions you'd look there, but, we'll get into more detail on that on tomorrow's episode. Thanks for watching everybody. Kept this one, quick and not all that clean. I don't know if you oh, boy. Get it together, Dan. Thanks for hanging out with us every day. Again, just trying to squeeze this thing in between other stuff on a Sunday morning. Good luck to you guys. Let's try to make it through to the next week, and we will see you tomorrow. Actually, I'll see you over on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. Hey. Check out our baseball draft guide and menmanscape.com while you're hanging out. Ethos 20 is the promo code there. You get 20% and free shipping. Atdanbespress on Twitter. Justdanbespress if you're not an at. See you guys later.