Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Yeah. It's one of those weeks, friends. We're gonna get through it, but it ain't gonna be easy. Schedule's all out of whack. Everybody's off school. Nobody's got any little camps or anything to go to. Quick, I wanna remind all of you before we actually dive into the real parts of the show. Yes. That's the motion. My hand is diving into the real parts of the show. What do we got coming up here the rest of this week? I do feel like this is a necessary, point to emphasize because the schedule is gonna be a little bit weird for those of you that sort of rely on this at a particular, I don't wanna say time, but, like, a window of time. Today, just the one show, most likely. We all, I don't believe we're gonna have time to get into the cells here on week 10. Apologies. Just sort of the way things are right now. Tomorrow, also one show. Friday, we'll probably do our weekend review show late on Thursday night because Friday, I go out of town. Most likely first thing in the morning. So there's not gonna be time to do prep and then, you know, do a full length show. We definitely won't have anything over the weekend. There will not be anything on New Year's Day, so there won't be a weekly preview show for next week unless I roll all of that into the massive, you know, weekend review type deal. And maybe that's the answer to that small part of the equation. But, again, after that big show, whenever that might be, again, super late on Thursday night or medium late on Thursday night, whatever, there will not be a show until Tuesday after that. So, yes, there will be a day in there where there would normally be a show there that there won't be one. But we did have our buy show, and so overall, there should still, I think, be 5 podcasts for this last week. And don't worry. Next week, things actually get a little bit simpler because, the nanny's back in town. I think one of my kids has, like, a, like, a winter break camp he's going to, the older one. And then the little guy, I think his school starts back up on let me get the calendar here on the wall next to me. I don't know. It's blocked by a big jug of lactate pills. Where's January? Here. You guys wanna see some Kirkland brand fast acting lactase? What a what a person you guys listen to. Let's see. Winter break goes through I guess maybe is that the whole week? He's off the whole damn week? I thought he was back by the middle of the week. Well, that's not great. Alright. Well, we'll figure that out. Anyway, next week, we'll have, I think, basically a full complement of shows, so definitely hang out without with us for that. Sorry for the long intro. Wanted to make sure you guys knew what was coming. Welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. I am Dan Vasquez. We got a lot of games actually to recap from yesterday, so I don't know why I'm, sort of piddling around here at the front end. Please do take a moment to find me on social media at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. Of course, sportsethos.com. The website ethosfantasy Twitter feed, basically everything you need to know can be found in the handy dandy show description. So just scroll on down to that, and you will be fine. Getting into yesterday, and, obviously, the big story was Andre Drummond, but we'll get to that, when we get to that. That game is, you know, partway down the board here. They will work our way through chronologically as per usual. Orlando beat Washington, but guess what? Wizards kept it somewhat competitive again. That's all we asked for from the outset this year. Wizards are still 5 and 24, but they've been competitive. It's all we wanted. 30 plus minutes for the 30 plus minute guys, and now they're getting it. Tyus Jones has been a monster. Even Jordan Poole has been top 90 over the last couple of weeks. This game was good, by the way, for Poole. This is one of his better games of the season. He was still, I think, a team worst minus 18. Yeah. There you go. That that number's on the board. Team worst minus 18, so he's still not really helping the club. But I know the thing about this game was that, like, Washington was in it, and then there was just that little burst. That happens in a lot of games. If you watch Laker games, that happens in the first four minutes of every single basketball game, but it it's in all of them. All of a sudden, one team goes on, like, a 13 to nothing run, and that's just it. That said, Poole has been startable lately. Thank goodness. That's all your I mean, like, is he gonna get into that 40 range where he got drafted? Highly unlikely, but he's startable. Daniel Gafford's been amazing all year long, and y'all didn't believe me. I said it and I said it and I said it and I said it and I said it. Kyle Kuzma now is now is down to number 125 in 9 cat. People like, Dan, why are you so low on him? He's number 50. He's just rolling along. Because, eventually, these guys are who they are. They are who they are. Kuzma's not nor has he ever been a 50% shooter from the field. That's at 46 and change now. He's never been an over 80% foul shooter. That's at 77. It just it's back where it was. Points leagues, yeah, obviously, but I talk about 9 cat. As far as Orlando goes, Anthony Black had a big ballgame, but I cannot possibly bring myself to care about that because there there has been no consistency to it whatsoever. Jalen Suggs came back, had 4 defensive stats in his 29 minutes. Solid game for Suggs, so it looks like you can get him back in there. Is he going to sort of blow up the Cole Anthony spot? I think there's actually a a possibility that that happens. We knew that Cole Anthony was not gonna be rolling as hot as he was for the entirety of the season. You know? That there was just that that crazy heater run. And the thing is people sort of delude themselves into believing that stuff like that is long term sustainable. He was just crushing. And he's still gonna have some good games mixed in. Ones where Suggs is out are obviously the higher probability of being those better games. But most of the time, Cole Anthony's gonna be a sort of relatively inefficient bench gunner who will get you a handful of assists and rebounds okay for a guard and gets a steal now and then, but really doesn't rack up enough of any one thing to make him a all the time guy. I think you're holding is probably everybody's like, Dane, get to the damn point. You're holding. Let's get to the next one. Poor Detroit. Try though they might, and Cade Cunningham, man, he tried his butt off in this ballgame to avoid the record breaking loss. Good lord, children. 27 losses in a row now for the Detroit Pistons who are a robust 1 in 14 at home and 1 in 14 on the road. We have some Brooklyn stuff to discuss, but let's do Detroit first because, I mean, they have 27 losses in a row. That's that's tough. That's tough. Sorry, Pistons. You guys, nobody deserves this. This is brutal. At least Jalen Duran is back, though. Jalen Duran is back. 12 points, 15 boards, 4 assists. Please, man. Just keep those ankles not a wobbling. Cade's been much better lately. This is a huge ballgame. 41 9 and 5. 33 is a steal block, good percentages. All the things all the things. Again, he's another guy that probably doesn't get to where he was drafted at the end of the day. He's inside the top 100 now on the season, and he's, like, top 50 over the last 2 to 3 weeks. And, honestly, you take that. You take that. It took this colossal ballgame to get him inside the top 50 over those 2 weeks, but whatever. Like, if you draft the Cade at at, like, 28, 32, whatever it was, you take this at this point. Okay. Brooklyn now. So first of all, Deron Sharp had a tremendous double double with 2 steals and 4 blocks in his 21 minutes. The bench unit for Brooklyn just obliterated the Detroit bench unit. If you're wondering why the minutes were kind of funny, like, Dorian Finney Smith played 33 minutes, and, you know, Nick Claxton only played 26. If you're like, oh, why did Aaron Charpo play almost as many minutes as Nick Claxton? It has to do with, you know, which units were being successful. And the starters for Brooklyn were actually losing this matchup. But moving along from that, Brooklyn has another game tonight on a back to back. Spencer Dinwiddie, Nick Claxton, and Cam Johnson have all been ruled out. It's basically rest for all 3, but they made up excuses for a few of them, injury management, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. So, by the way, Dorian Finney Smith is also questionable for this game tonight. There's a chance that 4 main rotation guys for Brooklyn just get the day off, which means we play the game of who the hell is left. The who the hell is left game includes, it seems at least, Miguel Bridges, who never takes a game off, refuses to, and is an intense by low right now. Cam Thomas is another one of the starters who looks like he's gonna still be going. He'll get 35 shots in this game tonight, and you just have to hope that he makes 15 of those instead of 5. Okay. Those are the only 2 starters left. So who gets inserted in? Is it gonna be Dorian Finney Smith? Probably. If he plays, he'll probably be a starter, and you could probably use him. Does Deron Sharp get inserted to the starting 5? Maybe. He's gonna have to deal with Brook Lopez and Giannis on the other side, so there's no guarantee that he puts up a big fantasy line even if he starts. You know, again, head to head side where you're not being punished for it, it's a little different than trying to use it against the game's cap. Dennis Smith Junior is the one that jumps out to me as kind of intriguing because he probably slides in as the point guard. And we know over the last 2 seasons, basically, this sort of older version of Dennis Smith Junior. If he gets 30 minutes, which he could get tonight, he tends to be, like, a 10.6 assist, 5 rebound, 1 and a half steals type of guy that plays. So in terms of the, like, who are we gonna pick up and stream in this ballgame? I think Vinnie Smith is probably ends up being the safest if he plays. Dennis Smith junior, if he starts, probably the 2nd safest. And then Deron Sharp, if he starts, is probably your 3rd safest. Royce O'Neil kind of floating in the wings here. It's a wing joke, by the way, as a guy that you might try, but I don't think Roto I don't think I'd go that far in Roto. Utah and San Antonio. This is this the this game was the, starting rotation bingo of the universe. Larry Markkanen is seemingly the only safe Utah starter these days. Keontae George came back but came off the bench for this one. Presumably, he starts starting over Chris Dunn in the not too distant future. But I don't know if that's even true because the Jazz are like, just as a basketball team, they're better when there's more Chris Dunn just because he's a veteran. They wanna develop Keontae George, but I think sometimes we as a basketball community get too caught up in this notion that, like, development means a guy must play 32 minutes and get embarrassed nightly. That's not development. They may develop while that's happening. And I do think that there's a certain value, get in playing against players that are much better than you, but it can do almost the same amount of damage as somebody's confidence in a spot like that. Like, think about a Chet Holmgren. Now that's not a great comparison because Holmgren was a top pick, and so we all kinda knew that he was gonna be good. But that dude didn't play against anybody in the NBA last year, and he's come out, and he's, I would argue, way more ready just by being around NBAers for a year and putting on mass and learning the speed of the game. That's not to say I don't wanna see Keontae George play more. That's to say, I don't know that it's a guarantee that he just gets all the minutes and Chris Dunn gets sort of phased out. On top of all of this, Taylor Horton Tucker, Tayland Horton Tucker was available technically for this game and didn't play. So what did that even mean? I don't know. Was this was this a healthy DNP, or was it like, well, he's available if we absolutely positively must, but he's not entirely healthy yet. So it left us with this real mishmash. The starters yesterday for Utah were Lowry Markkanen. Okay. Fine. John Collins, who's been pretty bad lately and frankly is I'm running out of patience for him. Kelly O'Lenic, who is startable in fantasy when he's starting in real life. And I know he only played 23 minutes, but his usage is nice. He's he's basically like the cog in the middle when he's part of whatever unit he's in. He doesn't shoot these that much these days, but his assists have been good. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Colin Sexton and Chris Dunn. And then for Sexton, still got 20 points. It is 29 minutes, but it may cover up the fact that he only took 10 shots. Jordan Clarkson came off the bench, took 17. Those 2 guys are probably gonna cannibalize each other as this thing shakes itself out. Even when they're playing a team that can actually defend anyone, the Spurs cannot, by the way. Clarkson is not a 9 category guy, hasn't been for, god knows how long. Anytime Jordan Clarkson puts up 2 or 3 good games in a row, I'm a fan of selling. He reminds me a lot of Cam Thomas in that. He'll go on a little heater run where he is inside the top 100, and then he sort of levels off back outside of that. A flip guy. I've started to call those guys flip guys. They're flippers. Sell Clarkson when he's hot, buy when he's cold, rinse, repeat, see what you can squeeze out of that value wise. Collin Sexton is probably on his way to being a drop, although saying that after a good ball game sounds kinda dumb, so you could hang on a little bit longer. And then Walker Kessler only played 18 minutes off the bench, but had 11 and 7 and 5 defensive stats. So end of the day, is probably the only real answer to this Utah situation. Let's just go down the board really fast. Lightning round for the Jazz. Larry Markkanen, obviously yeah. I mean, he's, you know, 2nd rounder or better, so don't worry about that one. Collin Sexton, probably be ready for a drop in the not too distant future, but hold for now. Kessler, still kind of a buy low. Although after he had a good performance in low minutes, so I don't know if buying low is gonna be all that easy. Clarkson's a sell high after a good ballgame. Olinik is a hold. Chris Dunn is probably a drop because even though he's starting, his minutes are not guaranteed. John Collins is a hold for now, but it's getting close. And then Keontae George is, as we've talked about before, kind of a, like, more of a luxury like, a playable stash type in head to head. A you Roto, you treat him like he's injured, and you hope that everybody gets shut down in March, and then he'll go crazy. But that's a long time from now, so there you go. San Antonio moved some bodies around, and we also got a word that Victor Wembanyama is on a little bit of a minutes cap these days. They're trying not to run him too ragged. Spurs losing a lot of ball games. Again, this is not the season that they're gonna be making a push for anything. They're 4 and 25, and ain't nobody catching the Pistons these days right now in losses, but damn, the Spurs are close. So what do we do? Well, I thought when we heard about the Wembanyama minutes cap that that might mean that Zach Collins could kind of hang on, but that didn't happen here. I think Collins ends up as probably a drop, although Wembanyama here, probably sitting back to backs for the foreseeable future. And the, so I think we got word that he wouldn't be playing in both games in Portland, and they've got one tomorrow and the one the day after that. So there are Thursday, Friday back to back. Both of them against the Blazers. Both of them in Portland. So it you know, at least there isn't, like, a flight in between them. But Collins is gonna be useful in one of those 2 games. I don't know if we have confirmation on which one yet. 1st, 2nd, because it'll probably depend on where he can get more rest on either side of it, but they got Boston at home with one day off in between. So it sort of doesn't really change anything. Keldin Johnson got moved to the bench. I've been calling him a sell high pretty much the entire season. I feel somewhat vindicated by the fact that he's outside the top 200 over the last 2 weeks, largely because all he's done over that stretch is score. It's easy to overlook that fact because everybody loves points, but he's now number 99 in 9 cat. He fell from number 65 to 99 over the span of the last week and a half. The great leveling, man, it it gets us all. Eventually, it takes us all. Devin Vassell had a better ballgame. I think you sell off the good game there. Jeremy Sohan, you're not looking into it too much. Julian Champagne, 25 minutes in the starting lineup. He's not gonna be this efficient every ballgame. Went 6 for 9 from the field, including 4 3 pointers. Also had 2 steals and a block. If you pick him up, just be ready to drop him because he ain't gonna hold him for all that long as Spurs are gonna be mixing and matching and screwing around. They still haven't really given Trae Jones an actual opportunity. He's the one that I'm looking at like, alright. This is like the one dude you got who could actually post 9 cat value if given more of an opportunity, and he hasn't been given one yet. And then the rest of these guys, it's sort of the same feeling I had before, which is Waban yama is amazing. He's super fun to have fantasy wise, but now that we're getting these the word that he's sitting back to backs and on a minutes gap, What does that mean? Could you still sell for a top 25 guy? Probably. Might be worth doing. Yeah. Whatever. Jalen Johnson back for the Atlanta Hawks. That's a fun little piece of news. No Deandre Hunter, so we haven't seen the Saddiq Bey likely fall off yet. So hold on Bey for now. Hold on Okonwu. Fire up Jaylen Johnson. He played 29 minutes his first game back, so he'll be likely in the thirties by his next one. Cool. And then the story of the night. The number 1 fantasy line from all 9 games yesterday. The mighty Andre Drummond, the mighty Andre Drummond, who goes for 24 points on just 13 shots, 25 rebounds, 3 steals, 2 blocks, and, and arguably the most impressive part of the whole thing, 2 for 2 at the free throw line. We got word this morning that, Vooch was expected to miss at least 7 to 10 days, which, again, you know, at least is doing some heavy lifting there. So we don't know if it's gonna be, like, exactly 10 days or if it's gonna be 14 or 20. Unclear. They think he will not be back before a week, week and a half from now. So at least we have kinda that much information in the short term. Meaning, Andre Drummond is a priority ad as a fill in for Vooch. And, I mean, you're not gonna be able to sell high on this news. You might have been able to sell high before we had any idea how long, Vooch was gonna be out. But now that we have a better idea that it's not gonna be, like, a month and maybe more like 2 plus weeks, 2 to 3 weeks would be my guess on his absence, you're not gonna be able to sell drumming. So just make sure you grabbed him. Probably should've been grabbed in the middle of the day yesterday when we heard that Voocz was out indefinitely with a core issue, groin core. And now we have confirmation that you can just roll with Drummond, but pretty crazy. I mean, he's one of the top rebounders active in the NBA right now, so we shouldn't be too blown away. But, I mean, sheesh. This is quite something. It helps to play the hawks. I'll give you that. Helps play the hawks. Elsewhere for the bulls, DeMar DeRozan just slowly climbing 7 for 7 at the free throw line. That's the number I just kept pointing at. You can also point at field goal percent, but DeMar is up to number 53 in 9 cat now. It seems like he moves up about 1 to 2 slots after every single ball game. If he has one good field goal percent shooting game, he'll be in the forties. And then you just, like at that point, the by low will have cashed in. Alex Caruso's a start. He's made it through another ballgame. Iodosumu had a big one, and it's kind of impossible to know when that's gonna happen, unfortunately. You can usually tie it to various absences of others on the bulls, like, you know, if Caruso estimates time or if DeMar estimates time or Patrick Williams misses some time or Kobe White, we're sort of, like, one guy away for Io most of these days. He's been on a pretty good steals tear for whatever that's worth, but this is the first time he's had an actual plus scoring game when you compare it to sort of, like, traditional fantasy. You need about 15, 16 points to get to league average in the last 6 ball games. I know he had a 14.43 pointer game mixed in there against the lakers, but 22 minutes only 8 shots. First time he's taken double digit shots in 6 ball games since that back to back in Miami, and I believe those were games where either DeMar or Caruso was out looking back at him. So, no, I you're not picking up Desumu. I know it was a nice ball game, but he's been way too inconsistent. He stole minutes from Patrick Williams here, who's been generally startable lately, so I'm gonna hold on Williams. And then Kobe White who did have 1955 and 5, but he did the sort of the Kobe White of old stuff here with 0 3 pointers, 0 steals, 0 blocks, and even worse, 5 out of 8 from the free throw line. That's kind of the odd one for him. But it's worth pointing out if only because we knew this sort of Kobe White hitting 5 3 pointers a game thing just wasn't going to be a long term thing. He's not Steph Curry. Last 2 weeks, Kobe's outside the top 120. I'm not saying drop him. I'm just saying that we knew this stuff was gonna level off. Last 1 week, he's outside the top 220. And this is the the again, we've talked about this before. This is the mighty ebb and flow of an NBA season. This is why he was, and I suggested it, dropped early in the year because the 1st 4 weeks of the season, this was who he was and without as many shots. You know, he was, like, 14 points, 4 boards, 4 assists, and nothing else. That was outside the top 200. He had one good week in there, so I think he was, like, number 180 before Zach LaVine went down. We still have no update on LaVine. It still feels like he's not playing another game for Chicago, but I don't really know for sure. So you're obviously holding Kobe White, but it's also why we talked about a sell high because he was never gonna just be a top 30, top 40 guy. He was not gonna just be Steph Curry overnight. Now the percentages are leveling off. So hold, obviously. Don't panic, obviously. But this is a not so subtle reminder that his fantasy game does still have some holes in it. Some of them getting worked through due to maximum usage, but not all of them. Indy beat Houston on the road. The rockets got off to a really fast start this year. They've been a little more human lately, but largely, and they lost this game at home. Largely, the rockets have come on the road. It's only their 3rd home loss of the year. They're 3 and 10 away from Houston. Who was was it a sixers a couple years ago that had that crazy home road split? I think so. Jalen Smith looked good, and the question is, will he be healthy enough to play in their next ballgame? He's had a really nice season, and I think we can put him on the watch list. I don't think you need to go at him considering he's been so banged up lately. The the larger news I thought out of this game, forget the fact that Tyrese Haliburton bounced back in a big way, was that Aaron Nesmith got the start over buddy healed. So Indy was just sort of trying something new. They wanted Neesmith in there. He's a little tougher than Heel, maybe a little more consistent. Buddy still got 33 bench minutes for whatever that's worth. Obi Toppin was actually the guy who really lost out in this ballgame. And so now we're back into the alright. Well, what the hell are we doing with this team? Hold on. He'll he still got 33 minutes. Nesmith is a hold. He was someone that I I thought was addable about 2 weeks ago. So, moving into the starting lineup certainly doesn't change that assessment. Andrew Nembhard has a terrible fantasy game. He's points. He's assists. He's literally nothing else. So, no, you're not adding him while he fills in for Bruce Brown. And, no, you're not adding Isaiah Jackson, although sometimes it's fun. Miles Turner was in foul trouble in this ballgame, mostly because Alporin Shingon, who got benched 3 games back, has come back and gone nuts over the last few ball games. Another huge one. And he hit his free throws here, and he had 4 steals. So Ime Udoka pushing the right buttons with him. Called him out for being terrible on defense. I mean, I know you guys are hearing the noises in the background of today's show. I'm trying my best to sort of just yammer over them, but they are an unavoidable starting to stress me out a tiny bit. Hold it together, Dano. Freddie VanVleet, three defensive stats. That's always something I'm looking for with him. He's worked his way up into that, 3rd round, so all good there. Dillon Brooks injured as a core injury. Oblique strain is the official ruling now. And that just means that if you guys thought Tara Eason was in good shape before, now as long as his leg can stay fine, Tara Eason is a whopper of an ad. He went from being a pretty easy decision to just being, like, the easiest decision ever now. Lot of Jalen Green stuff coming out after yesterday's ballgame as well. Basically, that he has just completely fallen apart, that he's not making the strides that they were hoping he would make. He's losing his minutes to you know, first, it was Ethan, then some to Aaron Holiday, some to Jayshawn Tate. And it's just looking more and more. And maybe that changes with Dillon Brooks going down, but it's just looking more and more like he's not one of their priority guys anymore because the Rockets wanna win. Anyway, the short version on all of this is you weren't holding Dillon Brooks anyway, but Tara Eason, who you should have already had on your roster, is in great shape. More good news out of yesterday. Marcus Smart came back for the grizzlies, immediately played 29 minutes of an overtime game, which for his long term health, I don't know about that decision. But 13 points, 3 assists, five steals, and a block, I think the defensive stats are gonna be very good for Marcus Smart because now he can focus more on just being that guy on this team. We know the grizzlies love to go for steals. We know they love to go full intensity mode when they have enough bodies to do it, and now they're kind of finding that. Ja Morant is a sell high. Anytime he gets off to these hot starts, he does it every year. See if you can get somebody in the top 30 for him while he's hot because we know his 9 cat game won't support it long term. Xavier Tillman at 5 blocks, don't care. And then with Marcus Smart, he's probably also a little bit of a sell high off of this ballgame because I'm still not convinced he gets enough assists. He's not gonna score that much. It's gonna be threes on kind of a low field goal percent, steals, and you'd we need that 3rd category, and I hope it's assists, but I'm not sure that it will be. Grizzlies are riding high right now on the Ja Morant energy. Pelicans are not. They've lost a couple in a row. Herb Jones did get 31 minutes, but, I mean, I don't know how many of these bad games in a row I can handle. He's literally doing nothing on the court these days, not even getting defensive stats. I don't know, man. I like, I'm holding on as long as I can for dear life, but I just I don't know that I have to anymore. This one might have been the last drop for me. If you can't put up any fantasy stats in an overtime game, what the hell are we even doing here? So, yeah, probably moving on there. It might burn it might burn me, but, I mean, how much longer like, I feel like everybody else moved on a week and a half ago. I've been as patient as I can, but I think it might be time to move on. Okay. See, beat up on Minnesota. No real notes on the Timberwolves side, just kind of a bad ballgame. Lou Dort had a bigger game for the Thunder. That happens every once in 6, 7 games, whatever. He went 7 for 9 shooting. I don't know why Jalen Williams isn't getting steals this year, but he got blocks in this one, and he's up to number 73 in 9 cat now. So, you know, we'll take it, I guess. Okay. Kings, bad loss. They were not ready for the blazers in this game other than De'Aaron Fox and Demona Sabonis who, scored the bejesus out of the basketball, but Kings didn't guard anybody. Malik Monk has cooled off quite a bit after a torrid stretch. I'm gonna hold on Monk. And then Keegan Murray, anytime he has a bad ballgame, you try to buy low. Because overall, people still aren't giving him enough credit, and that means that you can probably sneak in there and steal him from somebody. Meanwhile, on the Blazers side, Matisse Steibel continues to be an excellent defensive streamer. Anthony Simons is continuing to take a crap ton of shots. Shaden Sharp is out, but he's a points lead guy only. While he's out, Malcolm Brogdon makes a lot of sense. Continue to roll with him. And then the stories that everybody wants me to talk about that I sort of saved for last. Is that a Whitney Houston song? No. Vanessa Williams. That was Vanessa Williams. Oh, man. Nineties jams. Early nineties jams. Anyway, saving the best for last. Shout out Vanessa Williams. Scoot Henderson, 17 points, 11 assists. People are like, Dan, is it time? Here's the thing. This game does not change my assessment of Scoot, who's ranked outside the top 300 on the season. Go through his game log. Just play the game log game. He had his last double double December 14th, 2 weeks ago. He had 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 5 games in between them, and those 5 games were all real bad. He did make his free throws. Give him that. Made his free throws in those 5 games, but everything else was atrocious. This was a game against a very bad defensive team in the Kings who were just sort of not ready to guard anyone. That's not to take things away from Scoot, but what I've said all season holds, which is young dude learning the the NBA game, and it's gonna be this sort of sine wave, this up and down, but the trend line will slowly point up. You know? 2, 3 good games, you'll mix them in, and there'll be 5 bad games. Then it'd be 3 good games, and it'll only be 3 bad games. And it's gonna slowly work its way to where that scale of justice tips in the good side, probably near the all star break, like it always does with ball dominant rookies over and over and over and over. And Reath is the other one who actually wasn't even the starting center for this game. Moses Brown started, had 0 points and 11 rebounds, and then Reath came in, played 32 minutes, and had 25 and 9 and was a plus 24 in his time on the court. But this is all because Deandre Ayton was out anyway. So, no, I'm not picking up either of those guys. I don't I'm not expecting Ayton to miss a ton of time. I think he's already questionable for the next one. Knee soreness. You don't like that because he missed 3 games, like, 2 weeks ago with knee soreness. So, you know, maybe, one of maybe Reese has another good ballgame. I don't know. Maybe he gets the start. But here's the thing. He has like, this isn't the first opportunity he's had to go get a few extra minutes. And the last time that Ayton was out, we played 22, 21, and 26 minutes. He didn't have a double double in those games. The opponents were more competent defensively. Now to that end, they've got the Spurs on a back to back coming up. We already mentioned that earlier in the program, talking about Nwema sitting out one of those. So maybe that is an opportunity to play him because the Spurs don't really know how to guard anyone. But, like, Reeth is not an extraordinary rebounder. Getting 9 rebounds here was, I believe, a season high. And most of the time in medium sized minutes, he's getting, like, 4 or 5. So, no, I'm not jumping at these dudes. I'm not gonna use these guys against a roto games cap. I get it head to head with a back to back. If we knew that Ayton was sitting up both of them, that's a little bit of a different story. But grain of salt is all I'm saying. And Charlotte actually was able to hang in there with the Clippers for a while. Paul George kinda woke up late, scored a few buckets in what was otherwise kind of a bad ball game for him, and, that put him away. Harden and Westbrook were actually the guys. What year is it? Harden and Westbrook were the guys for the Clippers. And where does this put Harden now? I think he was number 15 coming into yesterday's ball game. He's number 13 and 9, Cat, on the year, ladies and gentlemen. On the year. He's number 7 over the last month, ladies and gentlemen. James Harden. Got him at 57 in the last draft I did. I did say on yesterday's show that I thought there was almost no chance Kawhi Leonard played in this game because the Hornets are not an actual NBA team. Clippers are gonna save Kawhi until they play somebody competent, and, so maybe we get him back for the next one. I thought Norman Powell would be better. He played 28 minutes, but he didn't get that many shots up. It was mostly Paul George and, James Harden firing away for the Clippers, so that one appears to have fallen on its face. Evita Zubat's 18 and 14. He always does more when someone is out, but he just sort of quietly plods along at a low end centerly clip. I think he's in the top 80 over the last month. 123 on the year. That's where I'll end up. You know? Nothing special there. Gordon Hayward hurt. I think I put in the tweet that water is also wet. Just a matter of time with Hayward before he goes down. He was the guy I was dropping anyway because his fantasy game had disappeared, and he's old and he's slow, and it's just not there anymore. The Terry Rozier cell high window has basically evaporated. He's, fallen to number 39 from that pace inside the top 25 a little bit. And LaMelo, at some point, is gonna show up, but that's not really that important for today's program. PJ Washington is a, full go now with both LaMelo and Hayward out. Nick Richards, you're still filling in for Mark Williams there. That one's totally fine. Keep an eye on Cody Martin. He actually had a really efficient twenty 25 minutes yesterday. If he can get starters minutes, he'd be worth playing. They keep starting Bryce McGowan's, and I have to believe it's because Cody Martin's just not healthy enough to play full starters minutes. But if that changes, then that would be a possible pickup. But don't think we need to get out in front of it because I don't think anybody's gonna take him even if you left him alone. Tonight. Tonight. Woah. Went too big on this on the zoom in there. Tonight, on the docket, you're buying something at MANSCAPED. That's what's on the docket. Hey, yo. Look at that. What a twist. What a twist. Promo code there is Ethos 20. You guys know this by now. Go to manscaped.com. Get yourself something sweet. It's the best damn male grooming products you will ever get. And provided you take any kind of decent care of them, like, don't throw them against the wall when you get frustrated with your fantasy team, you probably won't need to get another trimmer, hair trimmer, electric razor of any kind maybe for the rest of your damn life. That's not a guarantee they're making. That's just me saying that's how much I like using their stuff. So go to manscaped.com. Check out the handyman, the lawnmower with 5.0 Ultra, and use promo code Ethos 20. Get your belated holiday gift on over atmanscaped.com. Once again, that promo code is Ethos 20. Before we take a look at the 6 games coming up tonight, I do wanna once again ask you guys all to take a second to go find me on social at Dan Vesperis. Join us in Discord. The link is in the show description. And remember, if you're trying to get a hold of me after the show, use the comments tab. As I've said before, I try to sweep through there about once every 24 hours and, hit up comments that have come in. It's a lot of fun, actually. It's an area where I can kinda keep close track of them in a way that I just I simply I simply can't on Twitter. I, like, I can't keep up with the notifications. It's too crazy. And maybe someday YouTube will get that way also, but it's not yet. And so to that end, you can probably find me there. But all I would ask in return is please help us try to spread the word on this stuff. Please hit a like button. Subscribe, YouTube, iTunes, Spotify, whatever. Subscribe to this stuff. Make sure you're taking in our content. Make sure you're retweeting social stuff, liking social stuff, whatever it takes. We wanna keep pushing forward, and with your help, we can definitely get there. Tonight, Toronto in Washington. Again, it is it all comes down to whether or not the Wizards can keep it competitive. That's it. Philly, no Joel Embiid. I considered Paul Reed, even though he was terrible in his last ballgame due to foul trouble, but Orlando's also very good at drawing fouls. And so then I become kinda nervous again. Kelly Oubre, on the other hand, is a very good stream in this Philly game because he's gonna get a crap ton of shots in what should be, I assume, a relatively competitive ballgame. Milwaukee, Brooklyn, we already talked about Brooklyn. Wait for the starting lineup, but there are a number of players in that one that you guys could probably throw out there. Phoenix is kinda pooping down their legs these days. Suns are 14 and 15. They're back under 500, losers of 3 in a row. In fact, the whole mid pack in the Western Conference has lost their last ballgame, which I guess is good for all those clubs, especially for the grizzlies. And the jazz, by the way, are are only 2 and a half games out of a playoffs well, play in spot. But the Suns right now are outside looking in. They fell again half game behind the warriors. So they're trying to wake up. KD and Booker look like they're getting a little bit frustrated. You can still play Grayson Allen. Houston, let's just hope Tyre Eason can go, because if he does, use him. Knicks, don't care. I know they've got a streaming opportunity this week, but I'm talking about the 9 Cat Roto side. No real rest of season adjustments to make there. Thunder, no. Cavaliers, I think Donovan Mitchell should be back tonight. We haven't got an update on him. Oh, you know what? Right when we hit go on this podcast, he was listed as a participant in shoot around. So that's good. I think he's back. I mean, he had a lot of time off to catch his breath. That's a really bad respiratory bug that's going around. Meanwhile, apparently, Aaron Gordon, this just broke while we were on air also, and one of you guys threw it in the chat room, apparently got bitten by a dog on the face and hands. What the hell? Well, that's interesting. Alright. Well, it'll give us a reason to watch a Nuggets game. They don't play tonight, but, you know, at least it's something. So, yeah, watch the next Nuggets game, which I believe is tomorrow. Yeah. They got Memphis at home tomorrow, OKC on the back to back. So maybe you get somebody sliding in there in that power forward spot. I don't know that I would play them straight out, but game tomorrow will give us a little data on that. Cleveland, assuming Donovan Mitchell's back, then maybe that puts a little bit of a dent into whatever Carish Levert might do if he plays. He's also questionable. And then Craig Porter probably goes back to being an afterthought. And for Dallas, I've talked about it a bunch. I trust Tim Hardaway junior. I don't have full trust in Derrick Jones junior or Dante Exum, mostly because their value has been so heavily tied up in field goal percent during their hot runs that I just don't wanna be the dude who plays them on the game where that dries up. And I get it. That makes me extraordinarily nervous more than I need to be. And Dallas has 3 games in 4 days here, so head to head, again, it's a different calculation there. Doesn't matter if they cool off a little bit. You go 3 games in 4 nights. That's good regardless. But roto games cap is basically where I'm trying to pin my money here, and I don't know that any of those guys ends up hitting it, to be that sort of 9 like, you know, 90, 100 range or better. Hey. Look at that. Delonte ordered off Manscaped using Ethos 20 yesterday. My man. That's awesome. Thank you, dude. That's really good for us. That means that I can now go to their marketing rep. Mike be like, look. I can legitimately I'm gonna take a freaking screenshot of this right while we're on air. I'm screenshotting it. I hope it doesn't hope it doesn't break my screen. But, well, whatever, I did it. If it broke the screen, I'm sorry, everyone. I don't maybe I did it. Maybe I screwed it up. Either way, that's awesome. Everybody else do as Delonte does. Sweet. I love it. Alright. Thanks, guys. Really appreciate you all listening. Again, this will be the loan show today. If you wanna get ahold of me, hit those comments, I am in it. Let me quickly check the chat room and see if any of the questions are sort of applicable to everyone. Those are the ones that I like to try to go over if I can other than my dude Delonte here getting himself some MANSCAPED stuff. You're gonna love it, man. Seriously. Like, they do good they put good products out there. Here's a good question from Martin Andrews. How serious is Embiid's injury? You know, it's not clear, him not traveling with the team on this little short blip Philly's what is this? Like, a 2 game it's a flag. It goes all week. Four game roadie. And he got games in Houston and Chicago, Friday, Saturday. So we'll see if he joins them for that. But it's not clear. You know, they're being a little bit cautious. He he got ruled out a day in advance in each of these last two ball games, which makes me feel like he's not I don't wanna say not super close because it's not like they've ruled him out for 2 weeks or something like that, but it feels like he's probably at least another game out. I would not be surprised to see Embiid back middle to late next week as kind of a worst case scenario because Philly's schedule actually lightens up a lot after this 46 they're in right now. After they play in Chicago on Saturday, they're off for 2 days, then they've got Chicago at home off for 2 days, a back to back off for 3 days as part of a 2 game week. So, basically, after Saturday, Philly has 5 games over 15 days. That's a very light part of the schedule, which also means it's an area where they could rest him more if they wanted to. See if anything else in the chat room hits everybody here. Who is in the range to trade Clarkson? I think people in my league value him somewhat low because of his streakiness. Yeah. I mean, if your league understands him, then you're not gonna be able to get anything for Clarkson. But if you can find someone in your league that's like, oh, he scored 27, then, honestly, anybody inside the top 100 that is a rest of season type of top 100 is someone you should probably try to get. You know, I don't know what you could pull off there because some of the names are bigger, but, like, Alex Caruso at 91 is someone I would target as a lower scoring guy, so probably not getting the same love as the guys that scored 25 points a game or whatever. And that might be the way that you could go. Who would you rather have in 9 cat, D'Anthony Melton or Marcus Smart? I'd rather have D'Anthony Melton. And what are your Tyus Jones rest of season expectations? This particular viewer got offered Tious Jones and Miles Turner for Scottie Barnes. No. Don't trade down. So even if I like Tious Jones a lot, you're not trading down, so don't do that trade. But that said, I was high on Tious Jones this year. So when he got off to a rough start or when the whole team did, I thought, oh gosh. What have I done here? But now he's out in front of his ADP. He's been very durable. I believe he's played in every game for the Wizards so far. How many games have they had? Yeah. He's 29 for 29 in that front. So by totals, he's even been better than that. He's up he's in front of his ADP by 20 slots right now. I think the field goal percent cools off. I think the free throw percent comes up a little bit. Although, you know, the field goal one hurts as it comes down more than the free throw helps because it doesn't go to the foul line. But, basically, what we've seen here lately is the scoring, the assists, everything is just up because he's getting 30 minutes a game instead of 25 in blowouts. It was always like that. You know, he was around top 100, 100 to 110 range in, like, 24 and a half minutes a game. It was like, look. If these dudes get 30% more minutes, his stuff all goes up by 30%, and then he's a top 75 guy or better easily. And now he's at 56. I have him 75 or better in my books. Yes. There's always a fear at the end of the season that Wizards go into shutdown mode. Ty Jones, by the way, number 36 by totals right now. But if you're in head to head, you should have stopped your league 3 weeks early. And if you're in roto, who cares if he misses the last 6, 7 games of the season? Because he did all of his damage ahead of time. So, 75 or better is my feel on Jones. See I mean, I don't know that I would you can try to move him on the hot streak. I don't know if anybody's really buying that he's a top 25 guy, but you never know. But if you can go get somebody inside the top 60 for him, I would do it. And that will officially wrap things up. Thanks again for watching everybody at Dan Vesperson social. I know you guys will come find me over there. Right? And I'm gonna leave this man note up on the board while we sign off for the day. Throw it in the comment section if I didn't get to your stuff. I'll see you guys tomorrow.