Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the, IO hour here on Fantasy NBA Today. How good is that kid? Man, he's been impressive. I know. I know. Dan, take it easy. He's filling in for Patrick Williams. Yeah. I know. I know. But here's the thing. Anything can happen at a trade deadline. I'm here. You know, remember do you remember, those of you that have been listening to the show for a long time, do you guys remember when I used to start the show and I just I yelled something like, let me talk to you for a minute about x. Whatever it is. Thing. Thing. Let me talk to you for a minute about thing, and then I'd rant. I'd have a rant that would go on for I don't know how long because it was like the the counterpoint to everybody that was like, Dan, you talk about too much random crap at the beginning of your show. So today, let me talk to you for a minute about IO Desumu, who I am, weirdly excited about. And I get it. All of the setbacks, they are all there. But here's the thing. And and you see this with a lot of guys who finally get a chance to actually shoot because, like and we've been talking about Coolaby since November when everybody's been yelling at me. Oh, he's in he's a stash. He's a stash. He's a stash. Like, okay. Maybe. Like, if you're willing to stash for 3 months. Well, guess what? Now it's, like, a week and a half instead of 3 months. Okay. There's a thing that happens. And I, by the way, is is, a much more polished basketball player than than, Bilalakulibaly because Iyo's been in the league for whatever it is, 3rd year or something like that. The thing about Dasanu is that what we've seen from him is translatable. He doesn't get enough credit for the fact that he's actually a good percentages guy. He shoots 50% from the field and 80% at the free throw line, which is, like, kind of a neutral, but still, again, like, a work in progress. And he doesn't really take many, but regardless and he hits a 3 pointer on 38%. So he's a good percentages guy that I don't think gets credit for being a good percentages guy because he doesn't take any shots. That's been the knock so far or at least the fantasy knock. But that's because Zach LaVine was around for a lot of these games, DeMar DeRozan, Nikola Butzovich, Kobe White this year, obviously, with way more of the usage. Patrick Williams, not a big usage guy, but was kind of in front of him here. And now what you're seeing is that with LaVine out, who we know is still on the trade block. I haven't heard much about it in a little bit, but, you know, his, like, ankle reevaluated in a weak thing. Suddenly, he's like, we'll reevaluate him on February 8th in the afternoon. And then he got Patrick Williams out as well. And so all of a sudden now and it's like night and day kind of stuff with Dasung boo. When 2 guys are out, he takes double digit shots. When one guy is out, he takes single digit shots. When nobody's out, then it's, like, low single digits. But that's the difference for him between being a fantasy asset and not being a fantasy asset. And I know what you're thinking. Dan, over the last week, he's shooting, like, 65%. That's not sustainable. You're right. He's not gonna shoot 60% long term. But we have seen that he can be near 50, which is still pretty good. Over the last week, he's number 51. I know small sample size, 59% from the field, 2.8 combined defensive stats. But there's a lot to like about the it's no longer the outlines of a fantasy game. Over this stretch, since he's been taking 10 to 11 shots per game instead of, like, 7, he's hovering between 5075 because he gets steals. He gets blocks from a guard spot, which is unusual, and we should appreciate that when we see it happening. He was at a half a block in 24 minutes a game this year, which, again, you extrapolate that to 33, which is what he's playing lately. And not surprisingly, the blocks are closer to 1. I don't know if that would stick. Maybe you're looking at more like 0.7, 0.8, but it is a reasonable thing. And 9.4 points becomes more like 15 points because everything for him is going up by not just the minutes jump, because his minute jump with everybody hurt is, like, more like 30 to 35%. The production jump is more like 50%. And some of that it's a the the sort of hotter than usual run he's on. But a lot of that is because his usage has gone up faster than his playing time. It's a very good starting point, and I've lectured about this on the show countless times. When you're looking, like, at the end of a draft, let's say, for instance, you're in, like, round 12, round 13 of a Fantasy draft, It's a really good idea to look at somebody you think is gonna play a bunch of minutes. That's a really good starting point. But you also need to find somebody who's going to be involved in a team's offense, what they do in some way, some small to meaningful way. Can't be it can't be like what was the entire season up until we saw Jordan Poole out yesterday. We'll talk about yesterday's card. We'll move through it pretty quick because there actually wasn't that much earth shattering stuff. So that's why I wanted to talk about Desumu here at the front end. You can ignore the those that are watching the the box score that I have sort of floating around in small font. You can ignore that right now. Is Isumu a guaranteed rest of season guy? No. Absolutely not. There's no guarantee of anything here. But let's assume that someone's getting moved on Chicago. It would be organizational malpractice to just sit on the roster they have. The bulls are 23 and 26 and fine. You know, they're they're closer to a 500 team lately than they were at the beginning of the year. But that's not a championship contender. What is the point of just pressing forward with a team that sometimes wins 3 out of 4 games, but then immediately loses 3 out of 4 games on the other side of it? There's no point in that. Unless you're like you know? No. There there's no point. There's no caveat to that. Any other team that's in that same bucket is actively exploring either trading for a superstar or unloading 1. Lakers are on the other side of that. They're a team that wins 3 and then loses 3, and they're a 500 team. But they're trying to add a whole bunch of stuff. The Rockets are trying to add. The Warriors are trying to shake things up. The Rockets are trying to add because they wanna be at the front end of an upswing. The Warriors and Lakers are trying to add stuff because they know that their time is limited by LeBron and Steph's greatness, and so they they have no choice. The nets, we know our sellers. It's the same thing. Like, there's just so I'm going to assume, and this might get me in trouble, but I'm going to assume that the bulls do the right thing here, and that is shake it up somehow. Bring in somebody crazy, send out somebody crazy, whatever it is. And at the end of whatever that cyclone is, does Iota Sunu have value? I think he's worth holding on to through February 8th. And the nice thing is you can play him through then because Patrick Williams is out and LaVine is most likely out. So you're gonna get nice production. Make sure Dasunmu is on your roster or someone's roster in your fantasy league because he's on a really nice run, and you just never know with a guy like that. Could he fall into a more permanent good spot post deadline? Maybe. I know. Furious approval you were looking for, but you got a maybe. Welcome. 9 minutes in, I finally get to say hello to you guys. But guess what? You guys always want me to talk about fantasy first thing I did today. Welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. I am Dan Vesbrus. You can find me on social at Dan Vesbrus. Some of you are actually watching this on social, so make sure to take just a second to click on over and hit the follow button. Follow, follow, follow atdambers if you're listening or watching elsewhere. The Discord link is in our show description. I did the entire tweet storm. Those of you guys that know my social media activity level, it is extraordinarily high and stupid high, frankly. But we did the whole tweet storm in Discord last night. A lot of you guys came roaming over, but if you're looking for it, that's where it was. That link, it's a free one. It's in the show description. We also have the NBA trade deadline live show. 1 week from today. Trade deadline. 1 week from today. 1 week from right now as I record this show, we will be on air. That show's 7:30 AM Pacific time. 1 week from today, it's a 5 hour live show. I will be dead at the end of it, but I can't afford to be dead because I actually have 2 basketball play by play games later that night. So I'll be on air for about 9 hours that day. God love it. I might not be able to speak on February 9th, but we'll do show we'll do a show on that day too. But I hope you guys will join us for that trade deadline live show. That link is in the show description. Make sure to navigate over there, and please click the thumbs up. We're at 640 of them right now. Whoo. Good stuff. Good stuff. And check out our partners atmanscape.com. Promo code there is ethos 20. I like to do this little thing for those that are watching video. This is the shears. I have it literally on my table right next to me. It's not there just because I'm doing a show today. This is their luxury nail kit with a magnetic flap. You can see it's got tweezers. It's got scissors. It's got a file. It's got the clippers. These are inarguably the best nail clippers that I've ever used. My wife keeps stealing them. We use them on the children. It's the whole thing. I've messed up the organization in this thing, so I can't get the clippers to fit back in on air, which is some truly great there you go. There. They're back in. I just had to line them all up. There's the 4 devices. I also have the handyman nearby. That's the standard electric razor. They've got the lawnmower. That's the sideburn trimmer. It's the last time you'll ever buy any one of these products. That's the thing that makes MANSCAPED so powerful. Ethos 20. You better clean up your system for Valentine's Day. That's coming up in 13 days. That's my mom's birthday. Happy birthday, ma. Not buying you a Manscaped product. Gross. That's disgusting. 20% off free shipping. Ethos 20 is the promo code over there. Let's talk about yesterday's games because we talked about IO, and he is he was actually on the screen. I don't even I didn't realize that he was actually on the screen. He was particularly awesome last night. 16 point, 6 assists, 3 steals of block, 2, 3 pointers on 7 out of 10 shooting. Kobe White had 35. Caruso had 10, 5, and 3 with 2 threes and 3 blocks. Vooch, 22 and 12 with 2 blocks. DeMar DeRozan was able to sleepwalk through this one a little bit. But whatever. Whatever. Cut the man some slack. He didn't have to be good, so screw it. Screw it. This is the magic of playing the Charlotte sorry. You know what? I'm calling them the Bobcats until they actually start trying to win some ball games again. Miles Bridges, yeah. I mean, he's put up gigantic numbers this year, and I've ignored every single one of them because, he wasn't a player that I really wanted to root for. Now, obviously, his numbers are inflated by the fact that Gordon Hayward's been out and Terry Rozier got traded and Mark Williams is out and LaMelo Ball is out. This team is the walking dead. Not quite Mavs level, but or Grizzlies, but they're up there. What do you do? Well, you're playing Brian and Miller. You're playing Nick Richards. You're playing PJ Washington. You're playing Miles Bridges. I've got a lot of questions about whether folks should sell high on bridges, and my answer the entire year has been yes. But it's a little bit but, again, that was more of a I just don't really wanna root for him. Now it's could he get moved to the deadline? Absolutely, he could get moved to the deadline. Some team out there is gonna be like, whatever. Don't care about all the stuff. He's balling, and he'll make that team better. And that team's fan base is gonna be sick to their stomachs about it until he has a really good ballgame, and then they'll probably just forget. Such is the world. For right now, those are the 4 guys you're playing when LaMelo Ball comes back. I'm not sure PJ Washington continues to hold value because he's really only been good since he's been able to get 15 to 20 shots a ballgame. But he's another name, PJ, we're talking about. He's another name where you could make a very reasonable case to just hold him through the trade deadline. Because if Bridges gets traded and we know Gordon Hayward, wherever the hell he might be right now, is very much on the block, This could just become a situation where Washington gets to play it out and play a bunch of minutes. So hang on tight. Will we ever see Mark Williams again? I don't know. Clippers blew out the Wizards. No problem there. Harden and Kawhi. I have multiple roto teams with both of those guys. Needless to say, my teams moved up in the standings last night. Don't care about anything else that happened in this one. Norman Powell at 14 and 7 with no Paul George, but, you know, whatever. Wizards side, Dato Gafford, a steal in 5 blocks. He's been so good this year. He's number 33 in 9 cat. 33 people in 26 minutes of ballgame. Jordan Poole was an insanely late scratch. He was actually a scratch after the official start time during that 9 minute window between when the game is supposed to start and when it actually starts. He got wiped out. Tyus Jones had a bad game, but, you know, don't don't worry about that. There's plenty of other stuff to worry about with Thais Jones, notably the trade deadline. And we wait. We lie and wait because the wizards are possible stash city. We know Kuzma could be traded. So then you'd get bonus Denis Abdiya, and you'd get way more shots for Coolobili. You get more shots for Tyus Jones if he's still there. You get more shots for Jordan Poole if he's still there. You might actually get enough of Corey Kispert to put him on radars. You might see Tyus Jones get moved, which I don't know that there's, like, a one to one thing there, but it's possible Delon Wright could actually end up playing a decent amount more if Coobili slides up and plays a different spot on the floor. But if Gafford gets moved, you're gonna wanna jump on Marvin Bagley. There's a lot going on with the Wizards. I I don't know how you make a good case to squat on all of these guys. Coolobili was the one who we were watching yesterday because you saw him get a chance to actually take some shots. That's always been the thing. We've talked about that a thousand times on the show. The steals and the blocks are good. He'll hit a 3 pointer. The percentages have been generally pretty bad for him. But 6, 7 shots a ball game wasn't gonna get it done. If you're not a big time assist guy and if your percentages are not like, you gotta find a way to rack up some kind of counting stat. And yesterday, he took 16 shots. He basically just took the Jordan Poole job, and it looked good. But this is why I think he probably needs 2 guys moved. He or, well, maybe not 2. Maybe just Kuzma would do. Everybody's looking at Tyus Jones as the guy that needs to be moved to unlock Bilal. I think it's actually Kuz, because I think we need 20 shots back in the pool for everybody to pick from. And then could you sit on Bagley? I guess you could sit on Bagley if you wanted to. I don't know if Gafford gets moved, but he's on a relatively team friendly contract, and he's a very good center that a lot of teams could use. Guess it depends on what they get offered back for him. I got I got chat room folks asking me to do an impression again from of Herbert from Family Guy. You know what I'll do? Did the Pelicans play last night? They did. Alright. Well, just anytime we come to a player whose name is Herb, we'll we'll try to work that in there. Detroit was able to hang in there with the cavaliers who are working pieces back in. Bad game for Max Strouse. I'm going to call him a tough hold right now. Caris LeVert is about to fall completely off the map because his percentages always weigh him down, and now Darius Garland is back in there. His minutes are gonna rev up. That'll just mean less and less for everybody else. Same story for Evan Mobley, who is also on a minutes count. Isaac Okoro still played 30 minutes. I expect that to drop. Sam Merrill hit 33 pointers, but only played 16 minutes. Okay. George Niang, 4, 2, and 5 in 17 minutes. Alright. Strew still played 31 minutes in this game. That to me is, I think, the thing you wanna grab onto. And you're like, Daniel only took 6 shots. Yeah. That's because Garland took a dozen in 20 minutes. And Donovan Mitchell took 25, which I get you know, again, that's not too crazy because they needed it. The Cavs were kinda out to lunch in this ballgame, particularly the Darius Garland minutes. It was like, oh, let's try to get him back involved. Let's get their legs underneath him. It's the same thing with Mobley. They were bad when those guys were on the floor, and then they took him off and these guys that have been playing together for a month and a half were like, okay. Let's just let's settle in now. Let's dunk on people. And then they did. Mostly down the stretch. Detroit side, Gallo had 20 points. You can ignore that. Cade, okay. Good. Jaden Ivey, he shot the ball a little better, but I have no desires to hold on to Jaden Ivey, a 9 cat. He's points league only. Alec Burks, he played 30 minutes, but I don't trust him with with Kade back. It's for me, it's Kade, it's Duran, it's Bogdanovic, and 9 cat. And you can add Ivey probably to that if you're over on the points league side. And again, as far as the Cavs go, again, I think Lavert is the drop. Struce to me is a very difficult hold right now while they all kinda settle back in. But it's gonna be bumpy for the next couple of weeks, which is a shame because Struce was just finally getting his shot back. Oh, well. Keegan Murray had a monster game for Sacramento. You remember when he was, like, outside the top 100 and we called him the easiest by low of all time? And now you all know why. He's number 52. You knew why a long time ago. Kevin Herter is a play these days. He's playing 39 minutes. He deserves to be in lineups. Harrison Barnes cooled off as we all expected. Malik Monk is barely playing right now. The bench for the Kings has been atrocious of late. I don't know how they rectify that. I've I've dropped Monk. You know, he there he had a stretch in there where he was a a, you know, a standardly guy. But by and large, he hasn't been this year. Monk is ranked 150 on the season per game. That's not an everyday start. He had a stretch where he was. He had, like, a 3, 4 week stretch where he very much was an everyday guy. But more than not this year, he hasn't been. Josh Richardson exploded for the heat. I don't care. You're playing the 4 usuals. Only little footnote that I wanted to bring up on Miami is that Jimmy Butler has been a 1st rounder now since coming back from his injury. I think that's 9 games ago. And he's pushed remember when he was number 49? And I said, this is a very easy buy low. Well, guess what? He's number 28 now. So look. It's not freaking rocket science with some of these dudes. This was Jimmy Butler. You knew he was gonna be a lot better. You just didn't know when. Now he's 1.7 steals a game since coming back from his injury. That's the big switch for him. Not a 1st rounder. Number 13. Sorry. He's effectively a 1st rounder, but Butler's fine. Here you go. New Orleans beat Houston 11099. Ugh. I guess I can't do the voice because Herb Jones didn't play. Sweet Jesus. Trey Murphy, he's a start when Herb is out. No Zion. Najee Marshall actually was the guy who picked up most of the slack there, but he did it on 4 shots. So pass. Pass. CJ Ingram, JV, Trey Murphy, those guys were the easy starts. I started Larry Nance in a in a league, and I feels very stupid about it because he played 15 and a half minutes. I want Nance to work so badly, and sometimes I let my heart get in the way. He's he's not safe. He's not. And if I say he's safe again, just remind me of this moment. Jalen Green is on a heater from another planet right now. No matter what he does, he can't get himself inside whatever. He's still like, even over the last month, he's outside the top 100. But over the last 2 weeks, he's gone completely buck wild. He's number 27 over that stretch. Friends, this is not going to stick. His steals are way above average. His rebounds are way above average. His field goal and free throw percent are way above average. This is a prototypical sell high moment because someone out there is gonna look at this and say, well, who's to say that he can't just do this the rest of the way? The law of averages suggests that he can't do it the rest of the way. At some point, he's gonna level off. I you know, maybe he did take a small step forward overall, but we're talking about a guy who was outside the top 200 and, you know, step forward when it levels would be still probably outside 9 cat territory. But, like, look right now, you could probably trade Jalen Green and get somebody in the top 75, 80 range right now because of what he's doing, which is much better than that right now. So go see if you can get D'Angelo Russell. Somebody's freaking out about D'Lo or, like, go get Zach LaVine leading up to the trade deadline or go get freaking I don't know. Who else is in there that people are sit are sleeping on? His teammate, Jabari Smith Junior, is number 86. He's safer. I don't know who else you can get in there. I don't know who else in there you'd want. Khris Middleton maybe? That might be a reasonable move. Feels lateral, but actually a little bit of a bump. Zombie Mavericks obviously lost this ballgame. Richaun Holmes got the start and played 30 minutes. I can say with every fiber of my being, I had no idea that was about to happen. I thought for sure they'd start either Dwight Powell or Maxi Kliba. And even if they started Richaun Holmes, I didn't think he would get the lion's share of the minutes, but here we are. Derek Lively could miss another ballgame or 2. I just I like, I even if they say Rashaun is starting the next ballgame, I don't know that we can trust he's gonna play 30 minutes. Could we possibly? He basically hasn't played the whole year. I'm gonna say no. Too risky. Tim Hardaway junior is basically the only guy you can stream when Luca and Kyrie are both out. I'm assuming they're gonna try to get Luca back in for their next ballgame, but who the hell knows? And just leave the rest of this decrepit graveyard of NBA players alone. Mike Conley was back for the wolves. That's the only footnote there. Nasrid got a little bit of bonus run here in the blowout. We move along. Jalen Suggs had 4 steals for the Magic. He's trying to convince me to pick him back up again, and I'll tell you, he's doing a decent job of trying to convince me of that. Now grain of salt, this was against the Spurs, so I don't think I'm readding him yet. But I'm watching Suggs very carefully. And then Jonathan Isaac is is someone we probably need to watch a little bit of. He played 20 minutes plus for a couple of games and then came out and had an 8 minute duty fest, which was, I think, part of a back to back for Orlando. And they were like, yeah. Yeah. We're gonna, you know, keep his minutes in check. But he played 23 on the front end of that back to back and then 8 on the second half of it. And so over his last four games, it's 22, 23, 8, and then 18. And in the 3 games where he's played 18 to 23 minutes, he's basically been a roto guy or cusp roto guy. In those 3 games, he has 6 blocks, only 1 steal, only 1 3 pointer. You don't have to add him. I saw him added in a bunch of spots, which to me is people getting way out in front of this thing. I don't know how you could possibly add Jonathan Isaac, first of all, in a head to head league where you know he's gonna have games where he plays 7 minutes. And even if it's Roto, even if you start him or even if you pick him up, I don't think you can start him right now. I think you just have to watch. Markelle Fultz was fine. The this is sort of like a best case scenario type of game for him, which to me puts him I see Fultz as, like, a 115 to 145 range dude. So, Wendell Carter Junior, same story for me, kind of an. I'm not that excited about most of them. I feel like Franz Wagner is really the only 9 cat guy on the team these days. Bon Caroll, obviously, points league, but anyway. Wembley, 30 minutes. Those who have rostered Wen Banyama are pretty excited about the whole his minutes cap is shifting. Jeremy Sohan bounced back. I was very worried that he was starting a long downward trend, but he's hanging in there. And, you know, shout out to Trey Jones at point guard for getting guys the basketball in the right spot. The team is much more competitive when he's on the court, and, you know, they pretanked. We've talked about the pretanked so many times on this show. Bad teams lose games early in the year, so they don't have to worry about being awful down the stretch. They can actually develop guys the second half of the season without worrying about winning a couple of ball games by accident. I still think Sohan is more of a sell high than anything else. I don't think he's gonna be inside the top 100 9 cat the rest of the year, but it does seem like he's just generally better in this lineup configuration. And, yeah, we've seen the Spurs stick with this lineup configuration for longer than most, which is a good sign, I think. It's possible that Wendy might have been been like, you know, enough's enough. You've gotta give me a point card. So when we start, Trae Jones start, Vassell start, Sohan, head to head, you definitely start. Roto, I'm still kinda nervous about it. You probably get away with it. No Jokic for Denver, so they lost. Peyton Watson actually got the start. They went small with Aaron Gordon at center, and that was good for Gordon because he got 4 blocks. But, overall bad for the Nuggets because they lost. You're not picking up Peyton Watson. He didn't play enough minutes. Reggie Jackson had the better game, but you're not picking up him either. So leave it alone. And then Chet Holmgren, who we had on our buy low episode earlier this week, came through with a big double double, 5 blocks and 3 three pointers. That's enjoyable. Let's keep going. Phoenix beat Brooklyn. This was the Kevin Durant returns to Brooklyn game. He had a big one to no one's surprise. KD remains at number 9 in, 9 cat. Devin Booker let's say cooled off a little bit, I guess. Didn't really cool off. Just didn't have to take as many shots. Nurk was good in this one. Bradley Beal, he'll be fine. You know, whatever. Slower ballgame. Eric Gordon is the fringe player on Phoenix right now who got a bunch of minutes in the last two games with Grayson Allen out. And you guys know I cannot stand Eric Gordon's fantasy game. And the only reason he had value in this one is because he shot 6 out of 10, and 5 of those were 3 pointers. But 2 boards, 4 assists, 1 steal. That's not gonna get it done if he's not raining in threes, so I don't want him. Pass. You guys go ahead if you want. I pass. I kindly pass on Eric Gordon. Cam Johnson's warming back up again. That's a good sign. Although his line was not that dissimilar from Gordon's. Two steals in a block though is is a pretty good size difference. The we we'd be a little remiss if we didn't mention the fact that Ben Simmons was back out again. This wasn't a back to back or anything, and it's not his back. It's now his knee. I thought he'd play 5 games the rest of the season. He's at 1. So do we get 4 more this year out of Simmons? Mhmm. They were certainly better with him on the court. So, Spencer Dinwiddie, I'm sure was thrilled because he got to be the primary point guard again. Cam Thomas still starting. He had 19 shots. People are going to see the 19 shots and the 25 points, and they're gonna be like, Cam Thomas, he's gonna be top 50. Guys, friends of all shapes and sizes, that's just not how it works. Cam Thomas is number 167 on the year in 17 shots per game. So I don't know how many more shots than that you think he's gonna average the rest of the way. But the problem is, of course, that he's gonna be high volume, low field goal percent. He doesn't rebound, pass, steal, or block shots. So you need points, you need threes, and you need free throw percent, and it's gonna have to be a lot to counterweight the other stuff. And you're like, but, Dan, doesn't that sound a lot like Gary Trent? No. Because he got steals when he played a lot. Listen. Don't get me wrong. Cam Thomas is fun. He's, you know, he can come out he can start. He can come off the bench. And when he gets hot, it's ridiculous. It's actually cool to watch from a reality standpoint. But fantasy wise, his game doesn't translate to 9 cat all that well. So when he goes on these little runs, that's when you should be like, oh, I can convince somebody that he's shooting 52% right now, and he's not gonna go dropping back to nothing. Or if he has a game where he gets a couple steals like this one, you try to pawn that off. Same thing you just did with Jalen Green. Go try to get somebody in the 80 range, and I promise I promise you'll be happy you did because then you dodge the crazy ups and downs. Lonnie Walker had a big ball game. Again, kind of out of nowhere. No Dorian Finney Smith that certainly freed some things up, and then no Ben Simmons. So there was someone was gonna have to do something else. Odds are it would have been Royce O'Neil, but they didn't like what he was doing. So they went to Lonnie Walker to see if he could score him back into this ball game, but, you know, wasn't enough. You're not picking him up. That's the that's the short version of that one. And then Portland beat Milwaukee in the Damian Lillard returns home game. Dame, took a lot of shots to no one's surprise. He missed most of them, which I think also shouldn't be that surprising. And Portland actually did something really smart. Young team made a smart play down the stretch. They doubled Dame on the, basically, the last play of regulation, forced him to give it up so that he couldn't beat him with a last second shot. I think Brook Lopez ended up shooting it and missing it, and, Portland beat him. Smart. That's a smart play. I don't know. You know, coaching staff probably said it, but the players had to execute, and they did it. Kudos. So Doc Rivers is 0 and 2, including a loss to Portland. Be careful what you wish for, Bucks fans. Brook Lopez, though, so far seems quite happy to have, Adrian Griffin gone. He's out there just chucking away right now. Brollo's back up to number 25 in 9 cat, scoring a bunch. Go figure. As far as Portland goes, I don't know if I have to talk you guys down again on Jabari Walker who was fine yesterday, but he played 16 minutes. It wasn't like it was foul trouble either. They just went another way. Because right now, they're only down shade and sharp. And we talked about this over and over and over again, and I don't wanna do the whole spiel. But for Jabari Walker, I really do think he needs another guy out of the way. And I feel like I need a name for these players because we've talked about 3 of them on today's show. Koolabili, Ayode Sumo who started the show with, these are the 2 aways. The 2 aways. Koolabili needed Jordan Poole out. I guess that was it yesterday. So not a 2 away. He's a massive usage away basically on that one, which for a lot of teams is a 2 away. Jabari Walker, 2 away. Sharp needs to be out. They need 1 more guy out so that he can go take more than 4 to 8 shots a game. It's not a knock on the player. It's a knock on the opportunity. These players, Io, Jabari Walker, Bilal, when the team is mostly healthy, they're taking 6, 7, 8 shots a game. It's just not enough unless you're an absolute defensive wizard. If you're averaging, like, 3 defensive stats, okay, fine. You can take 8 shots a game. See, Herb Jones, basically, who I think is even more than that himself. He said, no. He said exactly 8 shots a game this year. Good example, Dan. Way to pull that one out of your rectum. That's what it takes. He's had 2 defensive stats a game and good percentages in both. That's what it takes to be an 8 shot a game guy, and Herb Jones is number 81 in 9 Cats. So if you're like, I guess maybe I'll could hit that point. I mean, maybe Herb's a better free throw shooter and probably a better shot blocker long term. But when you look at a guy like Jabari Walker who doesn't get defensive stats, in fact, sort of notably low in those, and you're like, well, what does this guy do? He can rebound. Rebounds have been pretty good when he's getting minutes this year, but you're not gonna score very much unless a peep bunch of people are out of the way. And so now you're talking about rebounds. And so it's a 2 away. It's a 2 away. If you wanna squat on him to the trade deadline, have at it. Because we think Brogdon's on the block, although he came out yesterday and was like, I love it here. I'll stay. Okay. Fine. Whatever. But Portland, again, you're in rebuild. You gotta get something. You'd I know you want the veteran leadership, but hopefully, Jeremy Grant and Deandre Ayton can provide some of that. Maybe not as much as Brogdon. Yeah. He'd probably be good for the young guys. But even if they don't trade him, I gotta assume he doesn't really play that much down the stretch. And Sharp is out already, but Sharp is ramping back up to to playing. So you need Brogdon traded, and you probably need Jeremy Grant traded. Sorry. And Scoot's gonna get to do more down the stretch also. Alright. Let's do the, our our ritualistic chat room check here as we, get towards the end of the show. And it's a little quieter chat room today. That's okay. Reminder, everybody. You can throw comments in the comments tab after the show is posted. I actually typically get, an alert. It's not it's not the simplest one, and it doesn't show up immediately. So it can be a little bit of a pain in the butt, but I try to sweep through and check out the comments at least once every 24 hours. So feel free to throw something in there. I as far as the chat room stuff goes here, what I like to try to do for those that are joining us for the first time perhaps is just bring up stuff that maybe I meant to cover or forgot to cover during the show or a good point that comes up. If someone is throwing, like, their own trade in the chat room, I generally don't do that outside of a more traditional mailbag episode. But there's a lot of you watching live now that weren't earlier, so I do wanna remind everybody, please come hang out with us in our Discord. It's It's a lot of fun. I think a couple of you actually went and found the link here in the last 20, 30 minutes. So while we were on air, welcome. That's in the show description. I did my tweet storm in there last night. I've done a couple, like, half tweet storms in there over the last week. I'm gonna be doing more in our Discord. Probably not a ton of q and a stuff in there, but maybe we'll throw one of those in as well. So come hang out in the sports ethos Discord. That's in the show description. And our trade deadline live show, 641. 1 of you did it while we were on air. Likes on that thing right now. I don't know how high we can get it, but, obviously, the more we get between now and deadline day a week from today, the faster that show hits the masses, and then it's gonna be, like, on all the suggested bars on YouTube because we're starting super early. And I'm very excited about it. So whatever you can do to help pump that up, I really appreciate it. And, of course, a reminder here before we take a look at the chat room to please find me over on social at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. I do a lot, a dumb level on social media, and I hope you guys will join me over there for that. So let's take a look at the chat room now. See if there's some players there that I didn't talk about. Again, apologies if you're asking me about, like, who you should trade. I'm not covering those on these shows, these these regular recap shows. If we do a mailbag someday, that's when you can get those in there, or throw them in the comments after the show. Here's one. Shining night. IO or Caruso is an interesting discussion. So right now, both are fantasy plays. Caruso does it in a different way. You know, over the last 2 weeks, he's actually ranked higher than Dasumu even though he's scoring a lot less. Caruso's at 11 points, 4 boards, 3 assists, a steal, 2 blocks a game, and 2 and a half three pointers. Like, I would if I was a contending team, I would legitimately empty my coffers to get Alex Caruso. And for the bulls, I think they know what they have. It sure seems like they they talk about him like they know what they have. So I love both of those guys, actually. Caruso's the safer play though because even when guys come back and take usage, he still can post value. Here's one question about Dante Di Vincenzo. We didn't talk about him today because, the Knicks didn't play last night. Does Dante have rest of season value in 9 cat Roto? I'm gonna tentatively say yes and probably more like top 100. But, again, we still don't have a timeline on Julius Randle. And all those shots are available, so possibly higher than that, if Randalls out for, like, a month, a month and a half, you can go even higher. He's obviously doing even more right now because OG Anunoby is also out for the Knicks. But for me, the grayed out on Dante is, like, if the team gets healthy in 2 weeks, he probably plays out the rest of the season as, like, between a 100 and a 140. If Randle's out for a month, he probably stays inside the top 100 the rest of the season all rolled together. And if Randle misses more than a month, now you're talking about a guy that could go 80, 70, 60 rest of season just because of how long he'll have that extra wiggle room. And then it's like, well, how would you compare him to a guy like Michael Porter Junior? I I think I would prefer MPJ just because you're not relying on someone being out for Michael Porter Junior to have his value. Thoughts on Desmond Bane. So that's been coming up on Twitter. I think I think Josh may have been talking about him a little bit on a show based on what somebody was replying to me on social media. And, like, I think we basically see eye to eye on that one because people kept asking me, should I drop Desmond Bane? And I was like, I don't know, man. Like, it depends on when your league ends. If your league ends 3 weeks early, you probably could drop him because I don't think he's back for another month, basically. Maybe even a tiny bit more than that, and then they'll bring him along slowly because they're a horrible they'll be a a full tank mode by then. So they're not gonna, like, rush him back into 35 minutes of ballgame. But, you know, final few weeks of the season, 2, 3 weeks, he might be going full bore and playing, like, every other or 2 out of every 3 games or something like that. So games cap Roto, I'm definitely holding him. Head to head playoffs go to the end of the regular season, you probably try to hold him. And for me, the only way that I was definitely dropping him was if my playoffs if my league ended 3 or more weeks early, and that meant that your playoffs start 6 weeks from the end of the regular season, which is basically like a month from today, basically, give or take. And so that's, like, when Bane might come back. And so then you're like, okay. Now this guy's a huge headache because he's gonna probably not play back to backs at that point. He's probably gonna play 20 minutes when he comes back and then 24 and then 25 and then 27 and whatever. And you're getting these, like, partial game games where he's you can't stash him anymore, and you wanna be able to move you can't take zeros in your postseason. And so that was the only time that I was like, yeah. You probably move on. But even in the comments, I've had people ask me questions on these shows. Have you dropped Desmond Bane? And in the league where I have him, I have not dropped him. I dropped Marcus Smart instead. Because I was like, well, even if Smart comes back, what is he? A top 100 guy? If Bane came back in time to be a factor, he's better than that. Do you believe Herbert will be traded? Sweet. Make sure you stretch out those screamy hamstrings. No. I don't think he'll be traded. I think the Pelicans would be insane to do so, but they gotta at least see who, who they could get back for him. And a lot of teams will ask on Herb Jones because he's good and he's young. Who are we streaming for this Grizzlies back to back? Oh, lord. Well, we gotta see who's playing is sort of the thing. If Santi Aldama just got downgraded to questionable, by the way, so it might get even worse. We don't have the morning grizzlies injury report, but when we get it, we'll talk it through over on social media. So this is a really good question, but we don't have enough information right now. And it's, you know, 10 in the morning Pacific. So we got what are they? They play 5, their home game, central time, I think. So, we got 7 hours to figure this one out. Let's, let's not do anything right this second. Aaron Wiggins question mark? Well, so the, the Thunder were down a couple they were down, Lou Dort, yesterday, and Isaiah Joe, I think, was also out, if I'm remembering that right. Aaron Wiggins played 25 minutes. That ain't enough. Like, oh, no. Dorr was in. Sorry. Dorr played yesterday. He was questionable. He and Shay both played. So I think it was just Isaiah Joe that was down. Nah. Nah. Thunder don't trust any of their guys enough to just roll them out there every night, so, that's a no. That's that's gonna be a no for me. Let's see here. Anybody else that I forgot to talk about? What's happened to Terry Rozier? Settling in with a new team? He'll be fine. They'll figure it out. These things take time. We always like, and it's partially my fault. So I'm like, oh, it's gonna take a week or 2 to settle in. Sometimes it takes a month. Sometimes it takes 6 weeks to settle in. Stick with it. He'll be okay. Probably a buy low, honestly, because someone might even be thinking about dropping him. You might be able to get Rozier for, like, a top 100 guy, and he'll be better than that once he settles down. Should we be optimistic about Dennis Schroder? No ish. No ish. He's been very good with no Quickley, no RJ Barrett, and no Jacob Hertel, but more so the first two guys being the the big factors there. Bruce Brown might get traded at the deadline. I don't think they're moving the other guys in the on the wings or in the backcourt. So he'll be better than he was when the team was at full strength, like, a week ago, but I wouldn't be optimistic. Because when Quickley and RJ Barrett comes back, Schroeder goes back to unfortunately not doing as much. But maybe that gets him back to, like, the 100 to 140 range instead of outside of that. Does that count as optimistic? Any news on Embiid yet? No. Not yet. Still waiting on the MRI results, which were supposed to be yesterday. The fact that they didn't say anything actually makes me pretty nervous about Embiid. I'm thinking he's out weeks and not days, and I'm hoping, I guess, it's only weeks and not months. But that's my guess is weeks right now. Do you think there's a shutdown risk for LaMelo Ball and Victor Wimbunyama? I I mean, we're already kinda seeing the LaMelo Ball shut down. He's only played in 22 games again this year, but I don't think they're just gonna pull the plug, mostly because he's only played in 22 games. I think you'll see him take days off periodically, but I also think that they would like to get him some actual run because he missed a lot of last year. And they're not gonna push him through anything, but I don't think they're gonna shut him down completely. Will Jared Vanderbilt get the start for the Lakers soon? If they if anybody over there has half a brain, the answer is yes. Now I wanna defend this is gonna seem dumb because overall, I think their coaching staff has revealed itself to be wildly overmatched this year. But when Vando first came back from injury, he was moving horribly. It's only within the last week and a half, 2 weeks that he started to look like himself, but that should have been the moment. They should have been like, alright. You're ready? Get the hell in there. And they still haven't. Scottie Pippen Junior needs to be rostered. Get him off the waiver wire. Yeah. I mean, again, it'll depend on who's in and who's out, but it does seem like there's probably enough guys out that Pippen Junior could be started, at least on the head to head side. I don't think I'd use him in roto. What about Gigi Jackson? Head to head, yes. Roto, I'm not comfortable enough. De'Aaron Fox or Tyrese Maxey, 9 Cat. Oh, it's gotta be Maxey by a lot. Like, by a lot a lot. Tyrese is number 17. De'Aaron Fox is number 44. Unless you're punting free throw, that brings them a bit a little bit closer together. And now do I prefer Austin Reeves or Jalen Green rest of season? Probably gonna go Austin Reeves there. So that's an interesting possible sell buy combo. Alright. That's enough. That's enough. We talked about everybody, even guys that aren't playing yesterday. Although, Lakers are playing tonight. I'm hoping I can get a show done this afternoon. I gotta it's pouring in Los Angeles today, which, of course, is the day that I had set myself up to run a bunch of errands. Gotta help me, everyone. We'll see. Nobody can drive in this city when there's weather. It's one thing that I'm very grateful. I lived in Northern California for 6 years. I lived in Michigan for two and a half years. I learned how to drive in the rain. I learned how to drive in the snow, and I've brought these skills back with me to Southern California, but not everybody here has done that. It's it's hectic, man. It's chaos in LA when it rains, but I gotta run some errands. I badly need a haircut. Can you guys see the big the big, like, floof out here in the back? I've tried to hide it on the podcast as best I can, but there's a lot going on back there. So, hopefully, I can get a show going this afternoon. I'd love to do one more Stash show a week from the deadline as kind of like, this is the final list ish. That's my goal. Tomorrow, we'll have our weekend review show. Big announcement. I don't know why I waited till the end of the show to bring it up, so I'll I'll bring it up earlier tomorrow. But, we are about 2 weeks from the baseball draft guide dropping at sports ethos. If you have the all sport Fantasy Pass, that'll just get dropped right into what you already got. Bing, bang, boom. Sweet stuff. So you can just let that ride. The baseball Fantasy Pass will have its own option as well or if you wanted to actually the real key here. Let me tell you guys a secret. Sign up for an all sport Fantasy Pass in, like, 3 weeks. No. That wouldn't get you there. Like, early March, and that'll carry you until the NBA draft guide comes out. And then if you wanted to, you could actually cancel right at that moment. But that would be a really sweet way to get both. Just trying to help you guys out where I can. I think those are, like, 6 for individual passes and then 9 if you roll them all together, because it'll have football in it too in the all sport. Anyway, we'll do some more baseball promo on the next one. We'll have Joe Orico on the show at some point. He can tell you what's gonna be in the draft guy. We'll do just, like, a quick baseball hit, and that'll be a lot of fun. Yeah. We're done. Okay. See you guys later. Bye. Weird ending. Oh, well. Oh, I'm Dan Vesperis. That's how you end a show. I am Dan Vesperis for Fantasy NBA today. Sportsethos.compresentation@danvsperis over on social. I'll talk to you there. See, that's how you do it.