Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Well, it happened. James Harden is now a member of the Los Angeles Clippers of Anaheim. I mean, it's sorry, Clippers. That's that's not nice. And, I mean, we all kinda knew this was coming. It was the place where, he wanted to be. It was basically the only team engaged with the Sixers in trade talks because, basically, everybody else in the NBA was like, why the hell do we want an aging, troublemaking James Harden? But for some reason, the Clippers decided that was the thing that they want. Bunch of California kids together. Russ from LA. Harden's from LA. Paul George is from the, Antelope Valley, which is a little bit north of Los Angeles. Kauai. Where's he at? Moreno Valley, I think. Somewhere, what's that? Like, southeast ish. I think that's out by, Riverside County. So they're all together. They got their their SoCal connection back, and it's a super weird one. But our job here is to break down the fantasy ramifications, so that's what we're gonna do. First of all, I wanna apologize in advance because my voice is an absolute disaster right now. I we we somehow managed to, hold off on getting all of the kids illnesses here for a while. But then they all then it all came together in this one mega one. And, we're just doing our best to kinda keep it from from knocking us out, but my voice is pretty weak, so bear with me a little bit. That said, I am Dan Vesperis at Dan Vesperis over on social media. I hope you guys will find me over there, d a n b e s b r I s. You know, things like this where I could get thoughts out late last night before I went to bed via social media that I simply can't do on a podcast late at night because my kids are asleep freaking 20 feet that direction. So definitely come hang out with me over there. Like, rate, subscribe. You guys know the ordeal there. Chatroom is open for those watching live. I don't know that we're gonna get to a ton of questions on this one, but if you guys wanna talk to one another about basketball, fantasy basketball, whatever, you can certainly do that over in the chat room. So let's just get this thing going. So here's the thing. Well, first things first, let's do the trade. The final numbers on this, if you wanna call it that, because Oklahoma City got involved after the fact for a pick swap, but you guys don't really care about that. The main thing here is that James Harden and PJ Tucker are headed to the Los Angeles Clippers in exchange for Nicholas Ptum, Marcus Morris, Rob Covington, and KJ Martin, and then draft picks. Those draft picks moving around, but that's not really important for, our immediate fantasy ramifications. I thought what we could do to kinda keep this thing organized is to break it down first by the players that are actually moving in the deal. So Harden and PJ Tucker go on one way, and then a whole crap ton of power forwards going the other way. And then we'll talk a little bit about what players might be impacted that were not directly involved in the trade, but instead by, you know, their minutes being moved, etcetera, because of the players moving around them. Now I also wanted to get this out very quickly. So, in all likelihood, you guys are just gonna see my Microsoft Word open right now. You know, I could put it into read mode, but I actually wanna type on it while we're going. So just sort of bear with me on that front. Yeah. You get to see the top of it. You can see that it's just an untitled document. And I didn't know if we should go with, you know, print layout or web layout. Frankly, it doesn't really matter. But you guys are gonna see my cursor, and I'm gonna be adding to this as we go. So this will be a nice way to kinda see it in real time. Folks on YouTube get the, added bonus of kinda seeing it as I plop it on the screen. And and, obviously, those that are listening, you guys will get to hear me talk about it. So first things first. James Harden. He's a member of the Los Angeles Clippers now, and his role there will be smaller than it would have been had he somehow managed to mend things with the 70 sixers or if he ended up in a place like Chicago and one of their stars went back to Philadelphia. But that that type of stuff was just not gonna happen once he made a scene and once we found out that basically every other team didn't want much to do with them. So from that standpoint, James Harden's value takes a small dip. But from another standpoint, this is a colossal win for Harden. And that's how I'm actually gonna file this in. This is a colossal win for James Harden because he wasn't playing in Philadelphia. So, you know, say whatever you want about his value going up, his value going down with respect to what it would have been with the 70 sixers. He wasn't playing. His value was a fat 0. And when I say fat, I was a little worried that we were gonna get James Harden fat mode. His value was a big fat 0 in Philadelphia. He wasn't gonna play. They were saying all the right things about him, you know, staying back to get training and blah blah blah, but they they weren't gonna let him into the mix. He was, sort of a cancerous presence at the end, and I'm sure the players were all sort of friendly with him. But I'm also certain I don't need to talk to somebody in the locker room to know that they were annoyed by it because he wasn't traded yet. So they didn't have whatever pieces were coming back. They didn't have whatever picks were coming back. And they also didn't have the services of the guy that was supposed to be their 2nd best player. So, yes, this was a big fat locker room distraction. So he's gone now. Is he gonna be you know, last year, Harden was what? He was, like, number 17 ish in, 9 cat and 3.4 turnovers per game. I think in 8 cat, he was 1 or 2 slots higher. Not a big jump there, but, he got, like, 2 around the turn in 8 cat. Is he gonna be, you know, number 11 if you're punting turnovers with the Clippers? No. Is he gonna be number 15, 16 in 9 cat with the Clippers? No. Probably not. But even a even a large step back for Harden still probably keeps him inside the top 30. More than likely, he has enough fantasy game left to be a top 25 guy, 9 cat, and better than that in 8 cat. And the beauty part is if you drafted in the final week, week and a half before the season when all of the James Harden crap was exploding, you were getting him in the mid to late forties to sometimes even the fifties. The very last draft I did, I got James Harden at pick 57, almost the very end of the 5th round, knowing that at that point, the downside just wasn't there. He could have sat out almost half the season, and he still would have been a value. And now we're gonna get him back playing probably within the next week, I would think, maybe even sooner. We'll see how the Clippers feel about his conditioning and his knowledge of their playbook and stuff like that, because they have pretty good chemistry going right now. But he's gonna play, and he's gonna play big minutes because they just, you know, mortgage their last few first round picks for him. Clippers did manage to keep Terrence Mann, so that was something. And so for Harden, this is a massive win because he's gonna play now. Next player in the deal is PJ Tucker. I think that his value stays the same, and we'll fill that in on our board here. He'll likely play a fair amount with the Clippers because as you see going back the other direction, the Clippers sent 4 power forwards back to the 70 sixers. So now they pretty much have none. I don't think that they want, Kawhi and PG playing a ton of minutes at power forward. I don't think they want those guys taking that kind of beating against players that are as big or bigger than them. And so PJ is gonna play, but also at the same time, that doesn't matter. So in fact, we're gonna add that as well. It stays the same, but doesn't matter because PJ Tucker doesn't do anything when he's on a basketball court. The days of him being even remotely involved on offense are gone. He's an outside the top 200 guy, so it's just not something you need to worry about. That's a pretty straightforward one. Now let's get to the rear the weird side, which is all the guys going from the Clippers to the 70 sixers. Nick Patoom, Rob Covington, Marcus Morris, KJ Martin. I'd love to tell you guys that I know exactly how the power forward minutes are about to shake out in Philadelphia, but I don't think that anybody really does until we see them play altogether in their first game. So with that caveat, let's make a few educated guesses. Educated guess number 1, and we're gonna move into the players that aren't involved, is that Tobias Harris is going to keep his big minutes. Okay? Will that be power forward or small forward? We haven't decided that yet, but that's locked in. Educated guest number 2, Tyrese Maxey. Keep his big minutes. So that's good for Tyrese Maxey because no one's coming in to take his job running a bunch of the offense out of the guard spot. He and Joel Embiid are gonna be the 2 guys that run things. If we assume, for argument's sake, that Joel Embiid is going to have big starters minutes, Tobias Harris is gonna have big starters minutes, Tyrese Maxey is gonna have big starters minutes. De'Anthony Melton is going to start, but will his minutes fluctuate the way they kinda have been? We kinda, I think, have to assume oh, and I forgot to put one name on this board, so let's make sure we add Kelly Oubre to the mix. So far this season, Melton has seen his minutes bounce around a little bit based on how good Kelly Oubre has looked, and that probably continues. And for Kelly Oubre, will continue to be a gunner off the bench. So that type of stuff, I think we can assume will say relatively constant, relatively being the operative word, because you've got all these guys that just came in. Meaning, it's not good for the guys on the Sixers whose minutes were not completely locked in stone. So I think for d'Anthony Melton, you know, best case scenario, this is same. And I'll change, actually, because I wanted you guys to kinda see what I was thinking here. Let's say best case stays the same. And for Kelly Oubre, also, best case stays the same. Because there's just no way that this is a good thing for those dudes, more players coming in. It's quite conceivable that Melton keeps the same job he had, and it's also conceivable that Kelly Oubre keeps the same job he had, but it's not locked in stone. Because now we pivot back around to the players that just arrived in Philadelphia, Nick Batum, Rob Covington, Marcus Morris, KJ Martin, at least 2 of those 4 guys are going to do something. My best guess is that the 2 guys that are gonna be doing something for the sixers are KJ Martin and Rob Covington. Marcus Morris hasn't seemed healthy in a while. He was more or less out of the Clippers' rotation. Toom also can't stay healthy, but he's, you know, he's been a nice glue guy for them the last couple of years. Maybe they keep those roles generally in Philadelphia, but I'm gonna say, wouldn't worry about it for Marcus Morris and for Nick Batum. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Let's just say, watch game 1 and see if he plays, basically. I think what we're looking at here now, and I don't think Kelly Uber ends up in the starting lineup. I think what we're looking at is that either Rob Covington or KJ Martin takes PJ Tucker's spot in the starting lineup. I personally don't know which one it's gonna be. We can make guesses, but all they that's all they are is relatively educated guesses. So Covington could start, probably plays a little. We'll fill that in. And for KJ Martin, other starter option, maybe at the 3. So that's where I sit on those guys. But we really can't know for certain until we see what Nick Nurse is gonna do. The reason that we should pay attention to it, though, is, historically, Nick Nurse plays his guys a lot of minutes. So if he decides that KJ Martin is his guy, then you probably wanna make it a speculative ad there. But, again, I don't think we need to do it right now. And I would also say that this then bounces back onto Paul Reed, who I think we can assume assume he's still the backup center. I don't see how Paul Reed now suddenly gets a ton of power forward minutes. Maybe he gets a couple, but let's remember that Tobias Harris still plays some backup power forward for this team. So, like, they have now they went from basically 2 power forwards, Tobias Harris as the backup 4 and PJ Tucker to 5. There's just no way that life got easier for Paul Reed in this mix. I wish it did, and maybe they're more willing to try it now with Tucker gone and all of these other options that they haven't really figured out how they fit in town. But it's Logjam City, man. The guy they cut was Danny Green. They didn't get rid of a power forward. They got rid of a shooting guard small forward in Danny Green. So they added 4 power forwards. Well, 3 net because they sent 1 out. And they sent out a shooting guard that wasn't playing in James Harden, and they sent out a small forward that wasn't well, that was playing a little bit in Danny Green. So the power forward spot just got insanely log jammed in Philadelphia, which is why I don't think you need to make any pickups on that side right now. But keep an eye on it because if any of these 4 guys that I'll highlight on the screen, the 4 guys that went the other way, Microsoft Word throwing bubbles in front of my face. Batum, Covington, Marcus Morris, KJ Martin. If any one of those guys starts and you're just like, oh my god. This guy just got PJ Tucker minutes right out of the shoot. He played 29 minutes in the very first game. Then you pick that guy up. Or hell, if you have deadweight on your roster, when you find out who's starting for the 70 sixers, maybe you consider making a pickup and then drop him at halftime if that guy gets 12 minutes instead of 16. So I have a few options on how you wanna play that side of things. I just don't think that we need to do anything there right now. As far as the Clippers go, with James Harden coming in and 4 guys going out that combined really weren't doing all that much and PJ Tucker coming in, there are, in my eyes, basically only losers. This is one of those god awful fantasy trades where one guy is the massive winner. That guy is the dude who went from not playing to playing, and then, basically, everybody else is either staying the same or taking a hit. Russell Westbrook was the point guard for this team. He takes a hit because James Harden is gonna be the guy running the offense a lot of the time, and they'll have Russ, I would guess, come in with a second unit. Kawhi Leonard loses a little usage. Paul George loses some usage. There's almost no way around it. Terrence Mann, Is he actually hurt? Question mark. If so, okay. Once he plays, not much left. And he beats the Zubatz. Maybe a tiny win. So perhaps I was not completely accurate in saying that everybody loses out because Zubatz, who had a a connection starting to develop with Russell Westbrook, it's another guy out there that's, can run a pick and roll better than Kawhi and better than Paul George. And so perhaps that ends up as a small win for Zubots, or maybe it kinda stays the same because he was getting a little bit more little bit better looks with Russ as the point guard there anyway. So it probably stays the same, but at least we think we can probably argue that it doesn't hurt Zhu because they had, in the past, played Batum as a small ball 5. They've played Marcus Morris as a small ball 5, and that just takes that off the table. But they still have Mason Plumlee, so it's not like, you know, Zubatz is about to fall into a bunch of extra minutes. It's just that now when he's on the court, he's probably gonna have at least one point guard with him. So probably a very, very small win for Zubatz. Again, maybe it doesn't maybe it's so small that it doesn't matter. But, at least he's someone besides James Harden where you're like, well, I don't think it's gonna get worse. So now we can actually throw Microsoft Word into read mode. You guys can get a better look at it on your YouTube screen. Let's go back through these names very quickly here as we kind of wrap up the discussion, then I'll look over at the chat room to see if anybody's got a couple, a piece of input or 2 that we can throw up on the screen. Your winner in this trade is James Harden. He is the only one that's a guaranteed win because he went from not playing to playing. And if you drafted him in the forties fifties, you got yourself a big fat winner. I know. I use that expression a lot. I got it on the brain. The other guys involved in the trade, PJ Tucker, not notable. Nick Batum, doubtful that he ends up with any meaningful role on Philly, but could play some kind of small thing off the bench. Marcus Morris, same general idea. Rob Covington, remember this is kinda where he got started. He had his breakout in Philly oh so long ago, 6, 7 years, whatever it was now. KJ Martin, he's the young guy. 1 would hope that he's the dude that emerges from this pack. But, again, we don't really know for sure. Among those 4 guys, let's keep a watch on Philadelphia to see if any of them move sort of above the fray. Paul Reed, I think we can just leave it where it was. Tobias Harris, this is generally good news for him. Although, perhaps if he's having a terrible game, maybe they do give Covington or Batum an extra minute or something like that. But I wouldn't be too worried about Harris. Melton probably doesn't help him to have all these new guys in town, but, again, they're all playing a much larger spot on the floor. And the only way it hurts Melton or Oubre is if the Sixers decide to go kinda big. Tyrese Maxey is not impacted by this at all. He's been amazing so far this year, and he will continue to be. So I guess you can call him a winner because no guards came back in this trade. Russell Westbrook taking a hit because James Harden is gonna run some more offense for the Clippers. Kawhi, Paul George, they're just gonna have to do a little bit less. Terrence Mann probably doesn't really matter all that much because there's just not much left as the expression goes, meat on that bone anyway. I mean, even before this trade, I don't think there was much meat on the bone, but now there's really nothing. And then if it's a Zubatz, maybe a tiny win. I'm gonna leave this up on the board. I realize it took Zubatz off the screen when I threw it into read mode. So maybe I can just shrink everything by a tiny bit, Put it back into read mode. There you go. Now we can see the whole thing. I wish it would stop highlighting stuff. There we go. So let's go to the chat room now. Let's see if anybody had something that we wanna add to the mix. Dave Slick says, how long before Harden wants out of Los Angeles? I would ask you how long before Paul George and Kawhi Leonard want out of Los Angeles. Guess what? All 3 of them are free agents at the end of this year. None of them have signed an extension yet. Denver says, I feel like Kelly Oubre is the only winner from this trade from a waiver pickups point of view. Yeah. I mean, he probably keeps his job, perhaps. So about the same? Maybe KJ Martin a sleeper? Yeah. And that's the thing. Like, if we find out he's starting, I think you probably pick him up because hustle plays easy looks from Embiid. I'd be cool with that. Delonte, who I'm guessing is a Sixers fan, says good riddance. If you guys are asking me questions that are not about this James Harden trade, I am likely not going to be answering them right now. Delonte is not happy about it. Harden is the poster child for NBA needs to tamper down player empowerment. He may be the athlete I hate most across all sports. Wow, man. Don't like him much, do you? ESPN posted a video 50 minutes ago titled James Harden could be detrimental to Westbrook and the Clippers. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I yeah. From a fantasy standpoint, that's for darn sure. Freak Key says, what was Kelly Hubray's highest fantasy ranking for a whole year? I believe it was that season in Phoenix where they didn't have much going on around him, and he was, like, a top 55, top 60 kinda dude. He ain't getting back to that anytime soon. Hab says, you know what's crazy? I don't think this is a win win. Is it me, or is this kind of a loss for both teams? I actually think this is a win for the sixers because they get off the headache. He was more trouble than he was worth lightly. This is gonna take a weight off of that team. It's done now. I think perhaps they wanted to get more useful players back in a deal, so there's perhaps a little bit of a letdown to that respect. But, like, the circus is gone. Embiid and Tyrese Maxey are gonna just go at this point, and, hopefully, some other guys can kinda grow around them. Joseph c says Rocco and then with a rocketship question mark. I wouldn't bank on it. But if he gets the starting job, I would pick him up just to see how that game goes. And that's really how I feel about almost any of those 4 guys. Well, maybe not Marcus Morris, maybe not Batum. I don't think they can stay healthy enough to be on the floor the whole time. But, like, if KJ Martin or Rob Covington gets the starting job in Philly, I would pick him up before that game even starts. Let's see here. What do we got? Hab says, I love Rocco, but let's be real. He's not a great one to one defender anymore. Yeah. He's lost a lot of his speed, But, you know, maybe Philly wants sort of, like, the big power forward. And he's playing power forward and not small forward. I I think he could handle it. But, we'll see. Michael Gibbs says to bias, good net result. No? Not worried about the clips coming and taking up his minutes. Not really. No. I I'm not too worried about that. Brandon says, should we panic about Kawhi? No. You're never panicking about Kawhi Leonard. He's a he's a top ten fantasy player. I don't think it even really matters who's next to him. He's just he's good at everything. And if this means that assists come down a tiny bit, I'm not super worried about it. Yeah. I mean, it's not good for Kawhi, but it's not gonna hurt him all that much. Let's see here. Looking for this one says hotline bling. Says Cali boys are about to go crazy. I don't know if that's gonna be good or bad, but, yeah, things are about to get crazy. Do do do do do do do. Jam oh, James Harden passing to Kawhi and PG. Yeah. I mean, you know, like, Russ has actually done an okay job with that particular job as much as I think, you know, Russ's game is is a little bit of a mess right now. I don't think that the like, where these guys get the ball is gonna be all that difference. The the what Harden can do that Russ can't do is space the floor. Russ can't shoot. So that will open things up a little bit more, but I don't think it's gonna change. Like, I don't think Kawhi and Paul George are about to get much more efficient in a way that they weren't before, basically. Let's see here. Is Paul read a hold after the trade? I mean, you could see if there's this wild magical world where he gets a start. I don't think he's gonna play any more now than he did before, but you could wait one game. There's a lot of question marks with this trade. So, what else we got in this thing? Tarun says, I traded Garland for Harden before the season. I'm actually okay with that now. And today, I traded Maxey for Jimmy Butler before the Harden news broke. I'm good with both of those. You look it is a sad face here on this post, but I think you just turned Garland, who was, like, a 40 range guy last year at 9 Cat, into someone who's probably gonna be a 25 range guy. And you turn Tyrese Maxey, who he's not gonna be a 1st rounder all season long. Let's let's be real with ourselves. You turn probably, like, a top 25, 30 guy into a top 12. These are good traits. Absolutely good traits. Will Kelly Oubre be impacted by all the new bodies? I don't think it helps him to have them all around, but I do think that, I I do think that, like, there's a chance that he takes a hit here and there. And, so probably not great, but, also, like I wrote above, I think probably stays the same. Jake says you should put Joel Embiid on this list. I could, but I don't think his job changes at all. All. Shining night asks, do you think these folks will get traded away for a secondary star? That's actually a really good question. The sixers will probably try to move some pieces around. And if they do, we'll reassess at that point. Will Clippers end up with a leaner rotation? A little bit, maybe. You know, I I I don't think that that's gonna elevate anybody above the cut line that wasn't before, though. Would a harden return early to mid 3rd round value? I think potentially earlier than that, actually. Let's see what else we got going on here. Lots of good questions. Lakers fans are crying right now. I don't think that that's true, actually. I think the Lakers fans see a, possible implosion on the way in Clippertown. This like, they could what if I mean, if it works, it works. But where has the Harden thing worked since Houston? He's just been a mess everywhere he's gone. Puts up decent numbers fantasy wise, but somehow rubs everybody the wrong way every single time. I I don't know why this one would be different. Maybe it will be, but someone's gonna this is a you gotta prove it to me. His bone's a good stream for the back to back. Yeah. Probably. But, like, thing is they didn't trade away their guards. They traded away their power forwards. If anything, we can figure out if there's a Clipper front court guy that might get to do some stuff. But, honestly, there's just 2 like, between Russ, Kawhi, PG, and Zubatz, there isn't a whole lot left. JP says Rocco was a small forward when he played for the sixes before. Yeah. He's about £40 leaner and about 7 years younger then. He ain't a small forward anymore. Norman Powell and Bones outlook. They're still kinda stuck behind, guys, and it's probably not good for norm because they added a guard. They got rid of power forwards. I can trade Garland for Harden. What do you think? Yeah. I think I'd rather have Harden. Paul Reed, we've talked about him a little bit. I think he'd stays the same. I don't think this helps him in any way. JP says clips are winning a championship with that lineup. I don't know. Bulk of the power forward minutes in Clippertown will go to question mark? Probably PJ Tucker, honestly, or maybe Kawhi. We'll see how it goes. Alright. Let's put a pin in that. I think we covered pretty much every angle we possibly could. Thanks for watching, everybody. Please like, rate, and subscribe on your way out. I will take this off the board so you guys can see my Twitter handle. Again, it's at Dan Vespris. We're gonna start another show in probably about 15, 20 minutes. I just gotta rest my voice for a moment. That will be a big Monday recap show and Tuesday look ahead. So, I mean, we'll talk a little bit about Harden right at the beginning, but just kind of a cursory mention throwing people back to this show. But that one's gonna really focus on what happened yesterday and what's happening tonight. We'll start to look at, the schedules for the Clippers and the Sixers a little bit as well. So, again, see you guys over on social at Dan Vesperis. Like, rate, subscribe. Shout out to manscaped.com. You can get yourself anything over there for 20% off with free shipping with promo code ethos 20. Ethos 20. Ethos 20 for 20% off and free shipping over atmanscaped.com. Appreciate you guys with all the good questions. We'll talk to you guys in about 15 minutes on the next live stream. I know. Keep it busy, especially for a guy with laryngitis. What kind of idiot am I? A happy idiot.