Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. We're rolling early today, ladies and gentlemen. It's by low edition of Fantasy NBA Today. First thing on the Pacific Coast time, at least here on this Tuesday morning, Week 9. What are we gonna do to cash in, ladies and gentlemen? What are we going to do to cash in? Things have been going well on this front lately as far as bylaws go. We'll do a recap as we get into things, and then we'll give you 3 more names. One of them perhaps a little bit risky that maybe maybe will cash in in the not too distant future. I am Dan Vespris at danbesbris on social, d a n b e s b r I s. It's probably easier just to Google search Gan from Sports Ethos. And welcome to the show, Sports Ethos presentation. Sportsethos.com is the website. Ethosfantasybk over on Twitter. Please make sure to like, subscribe, rate, and review, do all that stuff that takes just a few seconds that does and I promise you again, does move the needle on, growth of our podcast, of our YouTube, all that good stuff. And I think that's the main thing. Discord link is in the show description. Twitter handle's in the show description and on your screen if you're watching. Everything is pretty easy to find these days. So let's go ahead and dive right into it. Yep. There it says, buy low week 9. Probably should have put that up before because, this is repeating myself, but it's kind of incredible that we're already at week 9, isn't it? I think that puts us a third of the way through the NBA season. Yeah. Teams have played about a third of their games. Just a tiny bit less than that. We're rumbling along, man. But at the same time, I know you hear that, and your first thought is, oh, no. I'm running out of time already. Don't worry. That's not the case. 3rd of the season might be done, but that means we still have 2 thirds or just slightly more than that left. Everything is fine. Let's take a look at what's been going on on these Bilos shows because and this was something I wanted to add as we got going. I frankly, I probably should have done this sooner. The calls that we're making on these by low shows, we wanna see how they're doing. Are guys still by lows? Have they started to cash in already? Let's look at a few of those. Jaren Jackson Junior, he's been cashing in. He's was on a he was the by low guy for 2, 3, 4 weeks in a row. He had fallen out of the top 100. He's now number 39 on the season. You guys can probably do some simple math on that. Lately, he's been dominating. Well, let's see. Where does that put him? Actually, top 50 over the last month, better than that over the last couple of weeks, number 20 over the last 2 weeks. Still, I would argue below where you'd expect the blocks total to be for him, only at 1.8 blocks over that stretch. Ja Morant is back for the Grizzlies. JJJ is no longer a by low with as well as he's been playing, so we've cashed in on that one. Julius Randle continues to play extraordinarily well. We knew that it like, look. He's not a guy that I typically target in drafts, but we knew when he was shooting, like, 30% high volume, that just wasn't a number that was gonna stick long term. And over the last couple of weeks, he's number 40. He's been climbing the board quickly. At some point, he's gonna sort of, I don't wanna say semi max out on where he gets to, but I think it's safe to say that that buy low has also cashed in. And if you wanted to turn around and start to sell some of these guys I don't know about jjj because he's still kind of on the upswing. But Randall, he's had, you know, 2 really good shooting weeks in a row. When the numbers balance out, that's when you wanna see if you can go flip a guy like Randall who has these weeks where the bottom falls out. Keegan Murray has, completely exploded. That was the, like, the easiest by low call we've ever had on the show, possibly. He's a 1st rounder over the last 2 weeks. That record breaking 3 point night was the one that sort of pulled the numbers way up the board. But Keegan was also a guy who was outside the top 100 and was kinda floating between 80 110 for a while while shooting 38 a half percent, and he just knew that wasn't gonna stick. The steals have been nice. The rebounds have been nicer this year. He just has more usage. So it was all about waiting for the field goal percent to level off, and now he's number 54. So, again, this is another one that's cashed in. We can't really do anything else with it. Damian Lillard was the buy low last week. He was more of a narrow window buy low because his field goal percent had been dropping. It was down to 41. As soon as someone got into my 2 inter mentions and was like, maybe he's just not gonna shoot as well this year, I was like, okay. This is the time to buy low on this guy. As soon as people are just like, maybe this is what it actually is, that's when you know the window is there. Dame has climbed from 25 to 18 with 2 big ball games. It's actually really hard to move slots at the top of the board, but he's done it. You probably kinda missed your chance. 2 good ball games there. But, again, we'll take it because that's another one that worked. I think we had none more that worked pretty well, and then we have some guys that are kinda floating around. No. I guess there's a couple. So Jared Allen had a bad ball game yesterday. He had some foul trouble. He got hurt partway through. He had moved up from 97 to 76. His bad ball game yesterday moved him back down to 84. So he's still ahead of where we got him at, but it's kind of a small jump. I need to do adjust this, this PowerPoint presentation late last night, and I forgot to do it. So that's on me. But either way, Evan Mobley's out for a while. As long as Jared Allen stays out of foul trouble, which has been a problem for him. He's had, like, 3 of the last 5 games he's been dealing with some foul issues. He's gonna move up. He'll probably find his way inside the top 65 at some point here. So you could probably still buy low, but it's not quite as easy as it was, last week. Jaylen Brown, remember he was in the nineties. He was 2 weeks ago on our buy low board. He's now into the sixties. Just quietly, things didn't change that much for Jaylen Brown. He's number 68 now, I believe. It mostly field goal percent up from, like, 45 and some odd to 47 and some odd. Free throws are up from 70 and change to 72. There's just these little things that are probably gonna keep moving in that direction for him. So there's still room for Jaylen Brown to raise up. But, again, once a guy moves 25, 30 slots because of a good week to week stretch, it's just not gonna be easy to get that guy anymore. And then 3 guys that we've had on the Bilode board that haven't really moved yet. DeMar DeRozan, who like, I I have no problem with DeMar. He's actually up, like, 4 slots to number 60, but he's still shooting just 44% from the field. That's a number that I still think ticks up towards 47. I don't know if he gets all the way to 50. But just these little moves and free throws from 82, does that get up to 84 or 85? That moves him inside the top 50, so there's still a little bit of room on DeMar DeRozan. Cam Johnson was one that we've had on the board a couple of times. He's still kinda floating around near 91100. I'm not particularly worried about it. I think the field goal percent comes up, and I mostly think the steals come up. He's had sort of a low steals year to this point. He's not the only guy that's had a low steals year, but I think there's some room for that. And then Walker Kessler was a really easy buy low yesterday, and then Utah moved him back into the starting lineup. And he had, I think, a 5 block ball game if memory serves, and he's now back up to number 81. If you can still get him for someone near that marker, near the eighties, I still think you'd do it. Because when he's in the starting lineup, he's much, much better than that. You know, 14 and 14 with 5 blocks was the line yesterday for Kessler in 32 minutes. When he starts, he's a behemoth. And, frankly, if he just gets up near 30 minutes, he's a behemoth. Because his elbow is fine now, so the rebounds and the blocks are back where they need to be. He's a bad foul shooter. Like, okay. Whatever. We knew that getting into it. But this is a guy that should be inside the top 50 when all things are said and done. So I think you can probably get down on it with these 3 dudes who were by Lowe's and haven't really moved yet. Alright. Let's see who's on the board for this week. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. I left one slide in there that I didn't mean to. Some of you may have caught it. Oopsies. Jayson Tatum is our 1st buy low for this week, and I don't know that even people have fully grasped yet where he's at. But Jayson Tatum is at number 36 right now, actually. He was 34 when I built this thing yesterday. He's fallen 2 slots. But the way we got there is I don't wanna say unusual. It just feels like it's a pretty easy thing to spot. First of all, Tatum's usage is not gonna be what it was last year. Derrick White is doing more stuff. He's more comfortable. Drew Holiday is there instead of Marcus Smart. Kristoff Porzingis being in town is the largest adjustment the Celtics have had to sort of work their way through. So he's not gonna take 21 shots a game. He's at 19.6. So scoring 30 points a ball game might just not be in the cards for Tatum this year. But that's not the thing I'm worried about. Because look. I mean, you could look at Tatum from last year, and he was what? Like, right near the end of the 1st round on a per game basis. Very durable. 30 points, 3.23 pointers, 8.8 boards, 4.6 assists. Here's the thing that jumps out. Okay. The assists are a little bit down as well. That's, I wanna say, problematic, but it is something that probably well, I guess it's about they're almost exactly the same there. Half an assist, that probably doesn't come back. Again, this is just usage related stuff. Those things probably don't return to where they were. He's probably not gonna be 30 points. He's probably not gonna be at 4.6 assists. He's still at 3 3 pointers instead of 3.2. It's a small adjustment, but it's there. The big thing you're looking at with Tatum this year, two things actually. Number 1, defensive stats. He was at 1.8 last year. He's at 1.4 this season, which I know doesn't sound like all that much, but point 4 defensive stats actually makes a really big deal. Because remember, these are low volume, high impact stats. 2 tenths of a steal, 2 tenths of a block, those really do matter. Like, Freddie Van Vliet's at 1.1 steals. That makes him a medium size positive. Tatum's at 0.9. That makes him basically a net neutral. It's a big deal. And the bigger deal for a guy who's taking, and you guys know where I'm going with this, 6.7 free throws per game. Last year and basically for the last half decade, he's a bit around 85%. This year, he's at 79. He went from being a pretty large positive impact free throw guy to a small negative. That's a big, big swing. But, also, I have every reason to believe that that's a number that comes back for Tatum. I know. Maybe you could maybe this is just a year where he doesn't shoot free throws well. That's a that's an actual possibility. But you know what? I'm willing to take that shot. And somebody drafted him probably towards the middle end of the first round, and I don't know if they're fully aware that these things have been wrong. But, again, he's ranked at the end of the 3rd round because of these weird little adjustments year over year. I don't think he gets back to the 1st round based on what we've seen so far this season because, again, he was number 11 last year per game, and he's taking a usage hit. So even if you think all of the peripheral or the efficiency stuff gets back where it was, he still will be a little bit lower this year than he was last year. Meaning from 11, you don't have very far to go before you're a 2nd rounder. And a couple of guys in the 2nd round this year are ahead, and I don't know that they're moving back. Luca, I mean, maybe we see him tire out as the season goes. That's certainly been a thing before, but he's moved up from 2nd round to 1st round. Kawhi Leonard, last year was 2nd round because of his slow start to the season. He's in the 1st round. You've also got Chet Holmgren in there who's actually moving up the board with 15 blocks in his last two ball games. There are 3, 4 guys that weren't in the 1st round. So even if Tatum does what he did last year, that still probably puts him at the beginning of the 2nd round. And And now with all these other guys moving up the board, that actually moves him kind of towards the middle. So I think Tatum can get back into that kind of 18 to 20 range. What I don't know for sure, and this will be the big question on this by low, is can you get him for a second round pick right now? Because that's what you'd wanna do. Don't pay a 1st round price for Jayson Tatum. I don't think he's getting back to that spot. But you got some guys in the 2nd round, like, say, Karl Anthony Towns, who's late 2nd round right now and is probably about maxed out to what he's gonna be doing, could you get Jayson Tatum and hope that Tatum passes him if Towns, I don't know, takes a small step backwards at any point this year? It's a possibility. That might get it done, but I don't think it's gonna work if you go much deeper than that. Like, maybe an injured LaMelo Ball might be someone you could flip out there. He's a 3rd rounder right now. You're not doing Giannis because if you drafted him, you you did it to punt free throw percent anyway. You're probably probably not doing Damian Lillard because he's been on the way up and may frankly very finish ahead of Tatum. Would you go LeBron? He's been playing way out over his head this season. I mean, apparently, he's a cyborg, but that might get it done. Paul George is a possibility to get it done. But, again, I don't know that I would do it. So there's only a handful of guys that I think I would consider offering up. Towns being one of them. Maybe Kyrie Irving, but he's hurt right now, so that probably doesn't do it. LaMelo, who's hurt, I'd probably do it. Trae Young is a possibility, but that kinda blows up your team build. So maybe that's not the smartest thing in the world. But from just, like, a strict 9 cat standpoint, that's probably one that I would do. And then, again, you move your way up the board, and I don't know how high you go. Do you think how far do we think Devin Booker falls if Bradley Beal actually ever shows up this year? Do we think he falls towards the end of the second round? Maybe. So maybe Booker is the answer to this question. But with Beal out another couple of weeks, I don't know that I would do it yet. Alright. Let's see who's next on the BILO board. What special treat? Anthony Edwards. So this is a guy that I very much did not target on draft night. You guys might remember this. I think he's I I always thought the greatest advantage he had was seemingly durability, but he'd been dealing with a hip injury so far this year. And, look, I love what he does. He's an outstanding basketball player. The wolves as a team have been playing terrific ball, but Anthony Edwards just didn't have much more that he could have added onto what he did the second half of last year, which basically put him in that 40 range. And he had a big ball game yesterday. So, again, you know, I made this list up last night before the final totals had adjusted for today. He had a really good efficient game with 5 defensive stats last night. So he moved up from 50 to closer to 40, but that's kinda what I thought Anthony Edwards was. Now this screws me up because we kinda needed to do this show yesterday. But let's let's do this on more of a hypothetical. Let's say that Anthony Edwards has, a slower ballgame and falls back 5 or 6 slots in his next one. Because he kinda cashed in this buy low recommendation before I could even get the show out to you guys with yesterday's much larger ballgame. I think that Edwards finishes in the mid thirties, which he's still not quite there. He's around 40. But the issue is I wanted you to be able to go get him for someone near 40. And now that he's back near 40, I don't know you're gonna be able to do that anymore. So last night screwed that up a little bit, but let's look at some of the guys around Anthony Edwards and see, which of them might get it done. Demonta Sabonis might get it done. Jalen Brunson might get it done. Dejounte Murray might get it done. An injured Evan Mobley would not get it done. Bam Adebayo would probably get it done. Freddie VanVleet would probably get it done. Although, again, I don't know that I that's what I would do because Freddie's been on the rise. Anthony Simons would not get it done. Porzingis, Bain, these guys, I don't think would would get it done either, and then I don't think I'm giving up much more than that. So let's say Edwards has a slower ballgame. He moves back in, you know, the mid forties where he had been prior to yesterday's Gigantor game. Those are the guys that you're thinking about giving up for him. Because I think mid thirties is probably your target point for Edwards. And everything he's doing right now, the you know, the funny thing is about Anthony Edwards is that what he's doing right now is basically what I thought he would be. The issue is that everybody else had him as a first or late first, early second round guy. Because, honest to goodness, I don't really know what everybody saw. I think there was an expectation that he was gonna shoot as well as he did, in the FIBA games, that the field goal percent was gonna go from 46 to, like, 51. I didn't really see that happening. He's had a nice upswing in free throw percent so far this year, which, you know, that's one of the things we were like, look. This is the thing that's probably gonna need to be fixed for him to really climb the board. The issue is that there wasn't more usage available to him on that wolves team. There just weren't more shots for him to take. He had 19 and a half shots a game last year, and Karl Anthony Towns basically missed the entire season. Even if we felt like Anthony Edwards was taking control, grabbing this team by the horns and making it his team, which I think we all agreed he was gonna do, that just meant taking more shots from, like, the little guy. But with Towns around, he was set to take most of those available shots back for himself because he wasn't there to take them last year. So Edwards is almost the same in almost every category year over year. Steals and blocks are down a little bit, and, again, that matters. We talked about that with Jayson Tatum. So that was the reason I thought maybe Edwards could be on the upswing, but then yesterday's 5 defensive stat game sort of messed that up a little bit. Assists are fine. Rebounds are fine. Scoring is exactly the same. Free throw percent might actually come down a tiny bit. Field goal percent is fine. He is who he is right now. But if you see any slowage, 1 or 2 games where he didn't shoot the ball as well because he's had a couple better shooting games in a row. If he goes through a little mini shooting slump of 2 games or something like that and falls back into the mid forties, go get him for someone in the mid forties because he's a mid thirties guy, and he's a very predictable, safe, and enjoyable one to have on your fantasy team. And now the risky one. Your final by low is the most annoying player to roster in fantasy sports right now, and that is Bradley Beal. And before I tell you about Bradley Beal, I wanna remind everybody once again to please do find me on Twitter at Dan Vespris, d a n b e s b r I s. Come join us in our Discord. The link is in the show description. Oh, I remember what I wanted to say. For those that are choosing to watch this show as opposed to listen to it, I'm not gonna be getting to the live chat room during these Bilos shows. I just don't these are sort of quick hitter type of episodes. But if you have questions, feel free to throw them in the comments after the show is posted. Just throw them in the comments section. I'll get to those when I get to those. I I will see them at some point. Like, every 24 hours, I try to sweep through, take a look at those things. That's a that's a great way to get a hold of me. Other thing, manscaped.com. Almost forgot to tell you guys about our sponsor. Please do check out our friends atmanscaped.com. Use promo code ETHOS20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscaped.com. I still use the handyman almost every day to take care of these out of bounds marker hairs on my cheeks. It's a fantastic, real, regular, old fashioned electric razor. The lawnmower is their cyber and trimmer. It's outstanding. Again, with Christmas, just 6 days away. It's such a perfect way to to sort of I don't wanna say half ass your gift giving, but a little bit. Like, it's just easy. It's right there in front of you. You can get 20% off and free shipping. Go get it done. Manscaped.com. Ethos20 is the promo code. They've been so good to us for all these years. So please do check those guys out. And, again, I don't personally need you to give me any of your money, but I do want 90 seconds of your time to please like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff. Let's keep growing this stuff together. Now let's talk about Bradley Beal, who I marked as very risky on the slide that's on the screen for YouTube viewers right now because it is extraordinarily risky. He basically hasn't played yet this year, and every time it looks like he's about to play a ball game, he gets hurt again. What's he played now? Four games, I think, so far this year? Was it he got he, like, got back from the first injury, played 4 games, reaggravated it, played part of a game. He's at he's at technically, he's at 6, but, I mean, does it even really count? Because, like, the first game was he was limited by minutes. 2nd and third game, he was semi minute limited. I don't believe he's had a single game this year where he hasn't been limited in some way, which makes him the most annoying player to roster in fantasy sports, even more than Khris Middleton, because, yes, he's had his minutes limited in every game other than, like, one also, but at least he's played. At least he's played, and Beal hasn't. It cannot get any worse than it is right now for Bradley Beal. I mean, scratch that. The only way it could possibly get worse is if he came back from this ankle injury and immediately got hurt again and then was out for the year. I don't even wanna say it because I didn't wanna speak it into existence, but that's really the only way that things could be worse for Beal's Fantasy season so far. I only have him on one of my 10 however many stupid teams I have floating around right now. And even just on that one team, I'm extraordinarily annoyed by him. He's ranked outside the top 200, but, again, like, he hasn't really been healthy, so who cares about that? I still think that if Beal can get right, he can just roll at a 75 clip basically the rest of the way. I actually think there's a chance he could go better than that, but let's just take that for sort of what it is. Last year, Bradley Beal in Washington was number 54 in 9 category leagues. He had a lot of decent numbers, 23 points, 4 boards, 5 and a half assists, 1 and a half threes, 1.6 defensive stats, good percentages. Turnovers were a little bit on the high side, and that was part of what was kinda weighing him down. Because once you get into the forties fifties, if you're a high turnover guy, you move farther up and down the board based on turnovers there because most of the guys at the top of the board are higher turnover dudes. So being 1 doesn't really change your fortunes all that much. He moves up into the early forties last year if you were not really paying attention to his 3 turnovers a game. I don't think he gets back there. That 17 and a half shots ballgame with Booker and Kevin Durant on the team, he probably doesn't get to 17 and a half shots. But let's say he gets to, like, 14 and a half or 15 shots. That feels pretty attainable. How much down the board does that actually move him if he's more like, say, 19 points per game and 4 and change assists instead of 23 and 5 and and a half, and the turnovers will also come down. I still think that puts him, you know, sort of in the, like, 65 to 80 range. And right now, I don't think whoever has Beal wants anything to do with him. So it's extraordinarily risky. I wanna say that again. I wrote it on the page for folks folks that are watching, and I wanna repeat it using my words because I've been taught to use my words. If you don't wanna do this one, that's okay. I won't blame you because he's a mess, and he's been a mess all year. But I still think he's gonna get a chance to play, and, frankly, more time to rest his ankle means more time to rest his back. Try to find a silver lining in this. You can get him right now for literally anyone who has consistent fantasy value on your team. So that means look for guys ranked between 90a110 that have some name recognition. Austin Reeves, Onyeka Okangwu when he's on a a slightly better run. Brandon Ingram, who is like a, he he basically does what Bradley Beal does, but with no defensive stats and, worse free throw percent. Jabari Smith junior, Dennis Schroeder, Cam Thomas when he's on one of his heaters instead of one of his cold spells, Kyle Kuzma. Nobody wants to part with these guys because they feel like they're doing more than they are, but these are literally the guys at the back end of startable 12 team fantasy value. Spencer Dinwiddie, Gordon Hayward. If Marcus Smart comes back and does anything, Marcus Smart. But, like, this is the list. You're not gonna get him for Nas Reed. I don't think that's gonna be good enough. Chris Paul. A lot of these names, I think, would get it done. And the thing is, you might feel like you're gonna miss him, but you're not gonna miss him that much. You need to have a place to stash Beal, so that's another little caveat on this one. I don't want you trading for him and then, having to take 0s. That's a that's a terrible idea. I want you to make sure you guys actually have a place that you can put him on your IL. I think he's back in about 3 weeks. That's my guess right now. He's gonna be reevaluated right around the turn of the year. I think think they're gonna be like, oh, yeah. He needs about another week to get right. So I think we probably see him what the hell is 3 weeks from today? 27th, like, around January 7th or 8th, something like that. If you can afford a stash for 3 weeks, you can get him for next to nothing. If, again, if it feels too risky, don't do it. This is not one that you have to do. I think the other ones or Tatum in particular today is sort of the most obvious one. We've got there are a lot of them that we go through over these these weeks where the answer is pretty evident. This one is not that. This one is a scary one. I get it. But I also think this is the lowest value he will ever have. Because even if he comes back and isn't playing all that great, he's still gonna be an inside the top 100 guy. He's still Bradley Beal, and he still has, you know, 55 to 60 range upside. And those are guys that usually can't get for super cheap. They don't typically pop up on the wire. Usually, it's gonna take you, you know, a top 75 guy to get someone in that range. But right now, you can get Beal for someone ranked probably around 105, 110 who's coming off a good ball game. I think you can get that done. Alright. Again, everybody, if you have questions, throw them in the comments section on the YouTube page afterwards. To everyone else that doesn't, thank you so much for watching. We'll have our daily recap show coming up in probably about an hour, hour and a half, something like that. So I'll be certainly talking to you shortly again here. Please take a moment to like, rate, subscribe on your way out. I am at Dan Besperis over on social. This was your by low board for week 9. Thank you so much for watching everybody, and we will talk to you in just a little bit. So long for now.