Welcome to the Fantasy NBA Today podcast. Took me all damn week, but I finally get to do a Bilode episode. And I think this might be, sadly, the only bonus episode we get to do this week of, Fantasy NBA Today. Welcome to the show, everyone. I am your host, Dan Baspris, d a n b e s b r I s. I think I just spelled my last name wrong. But who's counting? It's Dan Bespres. I'm looking at myself on the screen here, and I look like I lost weight, which I probably did with the way this week is gone. But I'm upright. I feel good. I haven't shaved my face in forever. Shout out manscaped.com. I'll be using your products here, actually, right after this show to clean myself up. And you guys can use them too with promo code ethos 20 ethos 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order over atmanscaped.com. Shout out to the folks watching live on YouTube or on Twitter. I'm trying this simulcasting thing right now. We'll see how it goes. So far, it seems like people are enjoying it, and we'll, you know, play it out, see what happens. You know, life's an adventure, man. Try some stuff. Throw some darts. See what sticks. Discord link is in the show description. Other sponsor links are in the show description. Make sure to check out sportsethos.com andethosfantasybk on social media for your goodies over there. This is Bilo for week 12, and I've got some new names on the board for you guys, actually. But you know how we've been doing things here lately. What I'd like to do is spend the first couple of slides discussing some of the stuff we've, kind of been talking about over the last couple of weeks. And so let's start. And I reorganized it a little bit this time around. So these are the most recent prior buys. McHale Bridges, who, finally, you're starting to see a little bit of something. I know we're we're talking about a very limited sample size of, basically, like, one good game is it now? But you know what? I don't I don't care. I'll take any signs of life. Top 50 over his last two games, better than that over the last one. That was one big one. And but every little bit is gonna change things. And I think for Brooklyn, they have this really nice easy week where they're largely gone. This is a Paris game, I believe. Right? They're in France. So everybody's gonna get rested. That'll be good for all of them, and I think he comes out sort of continuing to swing. So a good start on that one. Jimmy Butler is hurt again. He was, the previous week, and then he got hurt. And I left him the by low from this last week because everybody's so fed up with it. So he's kind of a verdict to not out yet on the by low rec. And then Karl Anthony Towns, who had a really good game yesterday to kinda start his re ascent. He had dropped into the mid forties with a good ballgame last night. He's now back up to number 37. That one again was, I thought, one that was a a pretty easy call. Guys have dips. Guys, you know, we there's the whole up and down thing throughout the season. And for Cat, you knew after a couple of quiet ones, a couple good ones were coming. So an opportunity to kinda get in on him. So a good start on that one. Good start on Bridges. Not a great start on the Jimmy Butler one. That's what we were talking about last week along with the, what we call the risky one, and I'll have one of those at the end of this show as well. That's LaMelo Ball, who again, we did that show on Friday, so it's only been 5 days. I said I thought he'd be back, you know, to some odd 2 to 3 weeks from there. So we're only 5 days into my 14 to 21. That one's sort of, again, can't really judge it just yet, but, we'll check back in on LaMelo soon. The previous buy low wins. So this is how I kinda recategorize things. These are some of the names that we've given this year that have actually cashed in. DeMar DeRozan, who's moved up from the mid sixties to the early forties. He's actually been number 20 over the last month. Jalen Williams has been rolling. Julius Randle has been rolling since we gave him out a long time ago. OG Anunoby took him a while, took a trade, actually, to kinda make it happen, but now he's finally getting better. Walker Kessler's minutes are all over the map. But remember, he was outside the top 100, and he's number 68 in 9 cat now. So that one is worked out. And then Bradley Beal was one we talked about buying while he was injured, kinda before news was gonna come that that he was coming back. I I mentioned buying on Bradley building. That was maybe a day or 2, 2, 3 days before Christmas. And I was like, look. I think he probably comes back right after the New Year. He actually got back sooner than that. He hasn't hit his stride yet, but that's not really the issue here. You were labeled to likely get him for pennies on the dollar, and now he's gonna slowly work himself into shape. So I like that one a lot. Previous buy lows that haven't cashed yet and it's really just 2. Jimmy Butler is the one that's annoying right now. Now. Steals just haven't been there, and he's currently hurt, which actually makes him a really easy buy low call. And then Cam Johnson, who, looked like he was gonna make his move up the board and then started to and kinda leveled off, because he was at, like, 115. I was like, this is a by low. This guy could jump up into the sixties. He's been rolling at kind of, like, an 85 to 95 clip since then, but that's not really what we were looking for. We wanted more. And so, technically, he's been a little better than when we said to buy low, but I don't consider that a win because the price you paid for him is probably equal to or maybe even slightly more expensive than where he's at right now. So I'd rather be harder on ourselves than we need to be, if anything. So I'm looking for more out of Cam Johnson. I haven't written either of these guys off. I still think I I still think they've got a pretty good shot to get it going. But let's transition into today's names. And the first one is the guy who's in the thumbnail, and that's D'Angelo Russell, who's been really bad lately. Not a whole lot of opportunities to sugarcoat it, but largely it's because the Lakers have pulled the rug out from underneath him. He was playing 30 some odd minutes a game at the beginning of the year. He was confident, shooting the ball well. Assists were nice. Steals were nice. Field goal percent, actually hasn't changed that much for him, but the free throw number has plummeted in kind of a weird twist. He just, like, didn't shoot any for a while. And then he got to the line, and he started missing them. And then the Lakers just stopped playing them altogether. He's coming off the bench, and he's playing 16, 17 minutes a game. He's basically like a, oh, you're filling in for the starters while they're resting kinda player. And we know that Deelo offensively is just better than that, but he's at odds with the Lakers right now. There's, again, there's really no other way to look at it. If you watch these games, he's getting in, honestly, fights with opposing players, but he's playing so chippy. And he's sort of, like, trying to force getting hot, and he's making weird decisions. And he's throwing no look passes, and he's just he's doing all these things that are, like, young D'Angelo Russell. Like, he's trying to, like, ram a a a round peg through a square hole. And I think it's because he's either afraid that he's on the way out or he's about to actually be on the way out. Whatever the case may be, whether it's a fear that he's on the way out or that he actually is on the way out, Either way, this is a bottoming out point. He's number 216 over the last month in 9 cat. He's dropped from remember, he was in the 65, 70 range to start the year. He's dropped to number 119 on the season in 9 cat. But this is a guy that with even close to starters minutes can get inside the top 90. And with actual starters minutes, he could go much higher than that. Someone, it could be the lakers, it could be some other team, is going to eventually have basically no choice but to play Deelo more minutes than he's getting right now. There's just no way around it. The lakers need offense, and yet they kinda refuse to play. I mean, I think some of it is this sort of negative feedback loop going on where he got benched. And, initially, it was like, oh, it's okay. And then re and or, like, Reeves got benched, and then Deelo got benched. But then those 2 guys were trying to share the floor together. And now they flipped it, and now Reeves is back in the starting lineup, which ultimately does make more sense to have those guys separated. But Deelo's minutes are not at all guaranteed. Even when he was playing better in some of these games, he's not getting longer minutes. There was one where he got additional playing time. He's getting yanked around, and then he's getting annoyed about it. So then he gets yanked around more because he's not playing focused, and he's in trade talks. So then he's not playing focused either and on and on and on and on. And at some point, something's gonna give. Let's say he gets traded to who are the lakers being linked to? Dejounte Murray, Zach LaVine, DeMar DeRozan, Alex Caruso. The lakers are linked to these guys. If he ends up on one of those teams like, Chicago is not gonna waive him. They're still trying to win as long as they don't blow the whole thing up. Atlanta's still trying to win as long as they don't blow the whole thing up. Most of the places he goes, he would have a better opportunity than whatever is going on with the Lakers right now. Or the other side of it, Lakers make some other trade and D'Angelo Russell's not involved in it or no trade at all. Eventually, I have confidence that Darvin Ham and this Lakers team are gonna look and say, yeesh. Our issue these days is if Anthony Davis is not otherworldly, we don't have much offense going on. LeBron remains truly incredible at age 39, but he can't play with the speed that the modern NBA dictates. And that's, again, not to take it any way from LeBron. He's clearly a cyborg. No one I don't know that anybody will ever do what he's doing at this age again, but the lakers have no speed. And so they get into these weird half court situations. Guys start to do whatever. Like, if they don't have their best horses on the floor, the offense gums up quick, they're gonna need Dilo out there. So at some point, he's gonna play more. The nice thing about this buy low is it might cost you nothing. That's the thing. Someone's gonna be like, what am I, like, what am I even offering up for D'Angelo Russell right now? Nothing. I don't think you need to spend anything on D'Angelo Russell right now. I think someone's gonna drop him if they haven't already, and you'll just be able to scoop him up. And if they haven't, you could probably give up somebody like, oh, I don't know, Jaime Jacquez. Because, look, as great as he's been, he's not gonna be the same when Jimmy Butler comes back. He's just not. Or I don't know. If somebody thinks Mark Williams is never coming back, maybe you could give up Nick Richards or John Collins, who is just the most boring player of the year. Too boring even for me right now. Or streaming Caris LeVert, who I think is gonna run out of gas in the next 2 to 3 weeks when Darius Garland likely comes back, which is, by the way, a wink wink, nod nod towards something coming up later in the show. Dennis Schroder at 110, who has almost no way to get higher than that given Toronto brought in 2 horses in that OG Aninobe trade. I gotta believe that someone in that list of names I just said has a chance to get it done. Hell, Trey Murphy, who's probably, like, right around a 91 100 range guy. If you lose him, you'll be a little bit upset about it. But it's not really gonna cost you all that much in the long run. It might take some time. I should add the precursor on this deal, Chad, that I don't think this is gonna take I don't think this is gonna happen tomorrow. He could get traded tomorrow, but it might also take until the trade deadline. Like, this might be a buy low that you have to sit on for 4 weeks. But he's in this gunning mode right now off the bench. So, you know, the last, what do you wanna call it, week or so, he's been especially bad, but he had a game in there where he was a little bit better. You'll still get a few points and a few assists. If it's Roto, you're benching him. If it's head to head, you're like, alright. Just please don't detonate everything. This one, again, I think is gonna take a tiny bit of time, but I do think it's gonna pay off. Next name on the list is his teammate, Austin Reeves, and this one's a smaller one. This is a fringy, like, around the edges by low because it hasn't Austin's slowdown has not really been tangible in the Fantasy universe. He's basically been rolling. He got off to kind of a slow start. He was, like, 120, 130, 140 range, and then he's been kinda rolling at about 85, basically, ever since then. And even over the last couple of weeks, he's still in that 85 to 100 range. But what folks haven't noticed is that he's become extremely cold from 3 point land. His role has increased, but he hasn't seen an uptick in numbers because he hasn't shot the ball particularly well jump shot the ball particularly well. I should probably add that little qualifier. At some point here in the next game or 2 and, you know, it might be starting right now because I think he missed his first 5 three pointers against Toronto in their last ball game as of when we're recording this episode, and he hit his last one, which is like a 30 footer. He was a step and a half beyond the 3 point line. If that wakes him up, Reeves might come into their next ballgame and hit 3 or 4 threes, and all of a sudden you're looking at big lines for a couple of weeks. Like, you might get a top 50, top 60 run out of Austin. So while I think this is a small one, meaning whoever has him is probably not thinking, why would I sell on Reeves right now? Everything seems totally normal and fine. They'd be right. But what you'd be aware of that we're talking about in this sort of shorter segment on Austin is that he can be better based on the role he's being given right now. So he's ranked around a 100. I think you can get him for someone with a little name power in that same range, which is kinda like what we just talked about with D'Lo, but maybe go a little bit higher for Austin. So guys around a 100 like, if Derek Lively was healthy, you try him. Okongu is about to have an interesting game because I think Clint Capela is questionable. If he has to sit 1, that would be a good time. Trey Murphy, who I just talked about, you're not gonna be able to sell Chris Paul for anything right now. Other names in that area, Tari Eason would be intriguing as someone to maybe give up. Jalen Suggs is notable. He's been playing well. Marcus Smart off a couple of big 3 point bombs away kind of all games. Schroder, we just mentioned. Malik Monk, that was close. I take that one back. Kelvin Johnson, absolutely. I don't think you're gonna get Reese for Kelvin right now. I've missed your window on that. Buddy Heel, if he starts a couple of games for whatever reason, boy on Bogdanovic, he's gonna put up some big numbers while Cade is out. That would be an interesting one to throw out there. So see if you can get Austin Reeves because, again, his numbers aren't bad by any stretch. He's not in a slump. Just watching his role right now and his inability to hit a jump shot, it could actually be better. So this is like a buy medium, but with a little bit of upside built in. And then finally, we're circling around on a name that I had on the show a long time ago, someone that when he was out, I suggested maybe you buy low on him because I figured he was gonna get traded, is Zach LaVine because he's back with Chicago, and he looks all out of sorts. He's number 227 since his return. It's, you know, small sample size theater. But people are probably panicking. He's coming off the bench right now. He hasn't taken many shots. His usage is weird. He doesn't look like he fits in all that well. The bulls have been playing well without him. There's a lot of ways that this could get better and very few ways that it could get worse. So what you've seen, and this is a phenomenon that happens all the time, but it's exacerbated in Chicago by the fact that LaVine is also on the trade block, is that a guy gets hurt or is shut down or whatever the situation may be. You could buy low on that player if you're willing to stash them. When they're getting close to coming back, you can no longer buy low because the person that held that whole time is not gonna wanna give up the player that they just blew an injured slot on for 4 or 5 weeks or whatever. But when that player comes back, they usually have a little adrenaline boost. They play well for, like, 2 or 3 games. And then you see the sluggish kick in. Oh, yeah. Right. The NBA is a long season. I gotta get my legs back. And you get a little bit of that from LaVine right out of the chute here because he didn't get to play all that much. He was rehabbing his foot, so that kinda stops you from really getting into much in the way of basketball activities, which means that people are gonna look at him and go, ah, this guy sucks now. I think you could get Zach LaVine for someone in that same range we just talked about as Austin Reeves. The same list. Eason, Trey Murphy, Austin Reeves himself even, although, which way I go on that one, pretty close. Jakob Pirtle, who's out right now, probably doesn't get it done. Oh, Kang Wu, Marcus Smart, Dennis Schroeder, Malik Monk. I I think I actually would go that direction now. Kelden Johnson, Buddy Heel, Jaime Ekez. Some of those names I said probably won't be done. Suggs, Aaron Neesmith, probably not enough name power to make that one happen. Jabari Smith junior, who's kind of a sell high guy right now while the whole team is hurt. I don't know that Zach LaVine is gonna be ever again the guy he was, whatever it was, 2 seasons back where he was shooting the lights out and he had every bit of usage in the universe and he was, like, number 38, those days are probably gone. But he easily has the fantasy game to get inside the top 70. And I would say it's not that crazy to think he could get inside the top 60. And now let's say he gets traded someplace. What about the Lakers? Are we afraid with LeBron and Anthony Davis that he just wouldn't have a job there? No. He'd have a job. And he'd probably be more confident, and he'd probably score better. Not more. Better. More efficiently. So I'm not worried about LaVine. There's, like, there's almost no universe where he completely falls off the map, not with the athletic and basketball ability he has. If you can get him for someone between, call it, roughly 80 a115, to me, that's a no brainer because he looks slow, he looks rusty, and people are probably getting frustrated. Explore this one. I think this one has maybe the biggest margin for win of the names we've talked about so far, but maybe also the hardest to pull off because he does have probably the biggest name of anyone we've talked about so far. And finally, the risky play, meaning the injury stash. I've tried to throw one of these out every week. This week, it's Darius Garland, who's been out since December 14th. So he's a couple days away from a full month on the shelf. And I mean, it's a jaw injury. And I just I don't know. I don't see 2 months happening. So I feel like we're looking at 2 to 3 weeks. I meant to guess a little bit. I'm trying to read the tea leaves a tad. But, again, if you're thinking about a guy who has sort of that 50, call it 40 to 60 range potential, are you willing to stash him for 2 to 3 weeks? Yeah. Absolutely. Are you willing to do it if it costs you a top 80 range guy? I think the answer there is yes as well. So now you're looking at guys like Mike Conley, Deandre Ayton, who's been probably not exactly a sell moment right now for him, Drew Holiday, Jabari Smith junior. We just talked about if you could I I mean, you kinda need Zach LaVine to get hot for a minute, but that would be an interesting name to throw out there. I know that I don't think I would give up Jalen Duran. That kinda feels like a little bit too much. Tobias Harris is intriguing as someone, again, maybe going a little bit too high on that. A better way to look at it might be to see who's in that same range over the past month to 2 months instead of perhaps the entire season. So if you look at that, like, 80 range over the last month, Khris Middleton is in there. Yousef Nurkic is in there. Conley's in there. Miles Bridges is in there. Low field goal percent guiding holding him back a little bit. Austin Reeves is interesting. Could you turn Reeves into Darius Garland? I don't even think about that one. He's a buy, but he's also a possible sell in this instance. Aaron Gordon, Kobe White, I think because when his percentages all settled in together, he's more of that, you know, 80 range kinda guy. So they're you know, Darius Garland has a world of upside over most of the players that I just listed off. And a lot of them, because they're simply healthy and posting numbers that people are like, oh, that's kind of interesting, could get that job done. So think about it. If you think you can handle 2 to 3 weeks, call it 15 to 20 days is my assessment there. It's, again, it's a little bit of a guess, but just trying to read on how the whole thing shook out. I think this one has some legs, and I think you should explore it. You could start lower too if you really wanted to before working your way up the board. You wanna start with somebody who's more like, you know, top 95 over the last month, but has name power. Again, someone like a Dennis Schroder, Well, everybody's overvalued this year because of assists. Maybe. Carys LeVert, who's filling in for him, you'd have to pair that up with somebody. That would not get it done alone. They just talked about Malik Monk. Maybe that's a pair with someone like Lavert. Emmanuel Quickley, post trade here, perhaps people are getting very, very excited. I like Quickley a lot. I don't think he's gonna be better than 75 at 9 Cat, but I like him a lot. There's a lot of buzz there. You might even be able to aim higher with Quickley post trade. If I was doing a sell high show as much as I like Quickley, he would almost definitely make my sell high list. Wanna throw a promo here at the end of the show, my good buddy, Joe Orico, host of our baseball fantasy stuff at, 5 o'clock Pacific, 8 PM Eastern. He's gonna be doing a live fantasy baseball draft with one of our longest can we call him Loves? Sure. Why the hell not? Lord Boggs, Boggs himself, Oreo and Boggs hosting a baseball draft coming up, that's about roughly 2 hours from now as of the live show. That will also eventually here be no. I think they're doing that live. Did they say that? Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be on this channel live at 5 Pacific. So you can catch that on, on our YouTube channel as well. Great opportunity for all of you to like something on our YouTube channel or on the Twitter feed and subscribe. Subscribe to Fantasy MLB today. If you wanna get Joe's baseball stuff, Fantasy NBA today is here. That's the old basketball feed. And, I am at Dan Vesper. Shout out once again to our buddies at Manscaped. Make sure to follow everybody I just mentioned over on the socials. Subscribe, subscribe, subscribe. It's the most important thing you guys can do. Really does help kinda push the boulder forward for us here at Sports Ethos. Two shows today. I finally got it done. Back to work I go. Back to the grind. Enjoy the Wednesday card. We'll see you guys soon. So long for now, everybody.