Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I actually have no idea if the, the song in my ears is playing at the exact same time as the one you guys are hearing. So you guys see me, like, doing these drum riffs over here, and it probably looks way the hell off. But I promise you, I actually nobody ever believes this about me. I actually do have pretty good rhythm. It's like the secret thing for the secret Dan Vesper sauce is I am actually, musically inclined. I can't sing all that well, not since puberty, and I stopped taking guitar lessons when I was 14. So that's deep in the darkest, grossest recesses of my adolescent brain, but my brain is still an adolescent brain. Does Does making fart jokes not count? Counts for something. Welcome to Bi Lo week 13 here on Fantasy NBA Today. I'm Dan Vesperis at danbesperis on Twitter. Been forgetting to give my, Twitter handle on the last couple of shows. I've been so overwhelmed by the fun. We had, the the show earlier this morning where I got wild and wooly talking about our upcoming trade deadline show, and then the one before that was our legends show with doctor a and Bru. This one is normal. The normal by low show. Although I do I definitely do still want you guys to go give a thumbs up, in advance to our trade deadline live show. That link, I will once again put in the chat room and in the show description. I'll throw it up on the screen here while I'm doing my show intro. Big deal. I want pre likes. I want that loaded up. We're going earlier than anybody. It's dumb, frankly, how early we're going on Thursday, February 8th. It's 3 weeks from today, the day we're recording this by low show, and we're going on at 7:30 in the morning, Pacific time. I'm sending my kids off to school with the wife. She's doing double drop off, and nobody's bothering me for half a day. And then I have to take a break and then call a, college basketball double head doubleheader. So, god help my voice on that Thursday, February 8th. But damn it. We're gonna have a blast, and I need you guys to drop a thumbs up on that link on your screen. Quick question that just popped up in the chat room before I even get started. Any Stash worthy players before the deadline? Great question. My hope is that I can do a Stashes show on Saturday of this week. So that'd be 2 days from today. The, they rarely pan out, but there are a few names that I've had kicking around kind of in the back of my head that I think would be kind of fun to get on a Stashes episode. So we'll do that. This, of course, is a sportsethos.compresentation. Fantasy Baseball draft season here is right around the corner of the amazing team at Ethos Fantasy BB, helmed by the great Joe Orico, host of our Fantasy MLB Today podcast, are going to be putting together a hell of a damn draft guide. So definitely check that out, and we'll be promoting that in the not too distant future as well. Alright. So look. This week's BILO episode is a little different, mostly because there aren't that many names. So first things first, before we even get into the this week's names, I do wanna give a recent a plug to what we talked about last week. So I think we did it on Thursday last week as well. I was hoping I could do it earlier this week, but my younger kid was off school Monday Tuesday for the holiday. I mean, I don't know what the Tuesday thing was about. And then so yesterday, we had the big legends show. Today is sort of like the catch up day. Last week, we had D'Angelo Russell, Austin Reeves, and Zach LaVine as the 3 by lows on the board. I'll be honest with you guys. I don't even know if Zach LaVine is doing better this week than he was last week. I know he's been working his way back into game shape. I know he's number 67, per game overall. I think he's been pretty good, and I think he's been, like, in the top 50 range. 17, 6, and 6, pretty good percentages. So that's fine. Austin Reeves has seen no discernible change, but D'Angelo Russell was a massive hit. We knew it was gonna be a massive hit too, because there was just no way the Lakers were gonna screw around with their rotations long enough and leave him on the bench forever. And the worst case scenario for d Lowe was that he was gonna get traded, and then someone was gonna give him minutes there. Did I think it was gonna turn overnight? No. We got a little bit lucky and a little bit right on that one. Because you knew somebody was gonna be like, hey. This guy can play ball. Why is he getting 16 bench minutes? That doesn't make any sense. This guy's better at basketball than almost all the guys that are playing in front of him. Well, not surprisingly, Delos gone nuts. LeBron missed a game that helped a lot because he put up, what, 39 there last week. Delos top 30 since our Bilo wreck. They don't all work out like that, but sometimes they do. And when they do, we feel pretty good about ourselves. Couple of other Bilo notes. We have all those like, we've banked a lot of wins. DeMar DeRozan was a win. Jaylen Williams was a win. We got a lot of wins that we've banked, but I wanted to focus on a couple of the names that are, not wins right now. Because I know if I just focus on the wins, then people are gonna be like, oh, Dan. All you do is, you know, wank on air. And I don't want that to be the thing you guys take away. We have a lot of wins, and anybody that's been watching these by low shows since week 1 or week 2 or whenever we started doing them is fully aware that you've cashed in on a crap ton of really, really easy calls. But there's a few names out there that haven't quite stuck yet. Most notably, members of the Brooklyn Nets. Cam Johnson and Michell Bridges, neither one of them has taken the step forward that we thought they would. And it might take until the trade deadline for them to realize that they gotta blow something up. Or maybe it just turns out that the nets are horrible all year. That's a possibility. Although right now, I feel like you could get most of the Brooklyn nets for about as cheap as you could get them at any point all year. McHale Bridges is number 89, which is mind you a tiny bit higher than he was a week and a half ago. So to that end, it has been better, and there's been some gains on that. But Cam Johnson is still outside the top 100. Nick Claxton has been trending down lately. Spencer Dinwiddie's been awful, but I'm not a fan of his Fantasy 9 cat game anyway. Cam Thomas, remember when we called him a sell high slash a flip guy? And he's just been bad for, like, the last 3, 4 weeks in a row. It's a mess out there. Maybe Ben Simmons shows up and that helps the situation, maybe not. What really matters is how cheaply you could acquire these guys now. And Cam Tom Cam Johnson, you might be able to get off the waiver wire because at the moment, he can't hit a free throw, which is super weird. Otherwise, this stuff is not all that far off from where we needed to be. Field goal percent, threes, steals, I think I'd like to see climb up a little bit higher, but the team's just been generally bad. The vibes are bad, and everybody's playing poorly as a result. So if you can go get Cam Johnson off the waiver wire, you certainly do it. If it's gonna cost you, like, a top 120 guy, you probably do it. And then for McHale Bridges, if you can get him now, I mean, someone might part with him for, like, a 70 5 to 90 range dude. I don't know that I would go a whole lot higher than 60 at the moment, but there are guys in that range that would almost definitely get it done. So, I wanted to mention the D'Lo one because that's actually one of my favorite calls of all time on in terms of a buy low because I do watch the Laker games closely, and I saw all the stuff that was going on with Darvin Ham just yanking him around. How D'Lo was getting annoyed with being yanked around. He was sort of driving angry on the basketball court. And they finally were just like, okay, dude. Like, go play. And, duh, it freaking worked. And then Jimmy Butler was one of our by lows, and then he immediately got hurt. But now he's back, and he's already up to number 41 from number 49. So a good return for Jimmy. I still think he gets into the early twenties. He's only at 1.1 steals per game. The assists are still a little bit low. The field goal percent is still a little bit lower than we would have expected. A lot of the other stuff is basically where you'd want, But the heat need him to be attacking if they're gonna keep this going because you could see some of the others are starting to run out of gas, and the heat have kinda played some weird games over the last little bit. So Jimmy Butler, harder to buy low on now since he just came back from injury, making him, I don't think, someone you could really put on this board again. But this is why sometimes you double down on guys. You know, he was a buy low right before the injury, so, hell, yeah, he was a buy low while he was hurt because the price got even lower. But let's get into the main I mean, this is gonna be a shorter show today because there's really one name that I wanna talk about on today's program, and that is Steph Curry. Steph Curry is your Bilo, like, maybe of the century, there are few players that I would trust more than Steph to get this thing turned around. The beautiful reason why this call is so easy is that Steph Curry over the last month and it depends on, what website you're looking at. But over the last 2 weeks, he's outside the top 40. Over the last month, he's outside the top 30. Again, you know, Yahoo has in one place. The Basketball Monster ranking side has him a couple slots lower. It's all, you know, the either way, it's lower than you'd expect. He's number 21 overall on the season. Steph Curry over the last 2 weeks is shooting 38% from the field. 38%. Over the last month, he's at 41.8. Otherwise, things are pretty close to where we need them over that month. He's at 24 points, but, again, a lot of that has to do with the fact that he's not hitting his shots. He's at 4 3 pointers. Why isn't it 5, you ask? Well, because he's not hitting his shots. Three boards, 6 assists, 1.1 steals, half a block. Those are actually, believe it or not, better than I think what we were expecting going into this year. And for me, one of the telltale markers is as soon as someone on Twitter hits me with this dude is washed, which I think is such a silly expression, but this dude is washed, people don't get the irony of it, I think. That's how I know it's time to buy low on a guy. Because when you look at what Steph's done outside of the COVID year that he basically just sat out with an injury, if you wanna call it that, Steph Curry, throughout his prime, has been a 48 to 50% field goal shooting dude. Right now, he's missing his twos, believe it or not. Because his 3 point percent is not that far off this year. He's at 40 instead of 43. Although, career mark is 42a half, so I guess you could kinda note that both of those are down. 3 point percent is down. 2 point percent is down. Free throw is fine. Rebounds are down this year, but they were up last year. I don't think you ever could have really expected him to stay at 6 boards per game. But, I mean, climbing back towards 5 is conceivable. Assists are down because no one on his team can hit a damn bucket. Some of that was because Chris Paul was there, then Draymond's been out. Steals over the last month are actually better than what they were for the rest of the year, and turnovers are almost exactly the same. So when you look at Steph, there's really only one thing to think about, and that's that his usage is basically the same, and his field goal percent is anywhere from 3 to 5 percentage points too low. And that matters because 5%, if that's where you end up putting this marker at, if you're gonna call it, you know, whatever, say say 3% on everything that he's done, the scoring goes from 27 back up a point. The 3 point percent comes back up. All of a sudden, he's back near 5 3 pointers a game instead of 4. You know, last year, he shot 42 a half percent from 3 on the exact same number of 3 pointers per game, and he was at 4.9. This year, he's at 4.5. Last year, the percentage of shots he was taking from 2 point land was actually a higher part of why his field goal percent was a little bit higher overall. But, again, a lot of it's just because he's not making shots. But it's easy to forget that at the beginning of this season, he was. It wasn't like he just magically got bad. That doesn't make any sense. That's nonsensical lunacy. This is Steph Curry we're talking about. Over the 1st month of the year, he shot 48%, which is still lower than his career mark, but he was number 13 over that stretch on 48%. This is the difference. By the way, his steals and blocks were low during that stretch as well, so he could have been higher than number 13 if the defensive stats were even at the where they were last year. He's at 29 in change points, 5 boards, 5 as, boards, and 4 in some odd assists. Again, mostly because his teammates can't shoot to save their lives. This is Steph freaking Curry we're talking about now. He didn't just, like, in the middle of December, forget how to play basketball. You guys may remember some things, plural, that happened in the middle to late December that happened to not coincidentally coincide with Steph Curry forgetting how to play basketball. Those things are Draymond Green, indefinite suspension, Chris Paul out for a month with a hand injury. Those are not coincidental. Steph plays his best ball when he is off ball more, when he is running pick and roll with Draymond Green, who's an outstanding, short roll passer. The Warriors offense as a whole is just better when Draymond is in there in their usual roles. I don't wanna say that I bet my life that, like, the second Draymond is back around at a normal number of minutes that Steph just again, we're gonna call it magic for today's show because, you know, science is too complicated. Steph isn't just gonna magically be a whole lot better the moment that Draymond's playing starters minutes, but he actually also kinda might be. Because in the very last ballgame, the warriors' most recent game, which was on Monday, although I think they're back at it tonight, the warriors' most recent game on Monday, a loss at Memphis, gross throw up. Steph went 11 for 20, Over 50% from the field, 26 points, 8 assists, 2 steals in a block, only 3 3 pointers and 5 turnovers, so not good there. But in a game they lost by 9, he was a minus 2. Draymond was a plus 1 in the 24 minutes he was on the court. Draymond's has Draymond has so many problems, and maybe this time off helped him address some of them. I don't know. We'll find out soon enough. One of his one of the things with Dray that's not a problem is chemistry with the Warriors' old crew. Him being out there makes Steph better, makes Klay better, makes Wiggins doesn't matter, but makes Wiggins better. That's just how this team is built. They are bad. One of the gambling principles and this is not a show about Draymond Green. This is a show about Steph Curry. But one of the gambling principles that I've always liked to sort of back up against was there are certain guys in the NBA when they're out, the line over adjusts. When a superstar is out, the line typically adjusts by a lot of points, and then people keep betting it into a farther direction. Draymond is the opposite of that. When he's out, the line's like, ah, Draymond, he's worth a half a point. He's worth so much more than that to the warriors. Steph's the best player on that team, but he and Draymond are probably equally important to what they're doing because of what Dre does for Steph. I would expect story Steph story. Has anyone ever called him story? Steph Curry combined into one word? Oh, story. I would expect Steph Curry to get back up from where he's been, which is thirties, forties, this very weird, awful shooting stretch into the top 15, possibly overnight. Like, you might legitimately have an hour or 2 to pull off this by low, but you should try to do it. Find someone on your team that's between 1525 and offer them up for Steph Curry. I'm not talking about over the last month. I'm talking about for the season. You're gonna have to part with somebody of pretty good name recognition. Tyrese Maxey, Chet Holmgren, Scottie Barnes, these guys have all been kinda trending down a little bit. They're not awful ideas. James Harden, who's been amazing, but probably doesn't get inside the top 12. LeBron's been going the wrong way. He'd be an interesting one to try to give up for Steph. Devin Booker, he's been sort of slowly going the wrong way. Not a lot, but enough to say, I think this guy can get in front. I just I think Steph is on his way from the early twenties back up into the very early teens, and maybe if things break right, he can get as high as the top 12. It's hard right now. Top 12 is is, that's a that's a monster to get into. But, Steph Curry heater, a 2 week heater for him where he shoots, like, 53, 54 percent is well within reach if or when it happens. He rocket boosts himself up the board, and you're gonna want him on your fantasy team when it happens. I had one other name, that I thought would be kind of interesting here, and maybe this one, I'm not gonna talk about it quite as long as I talk about Steph. But that name is D'Jontay Murray, who's number 42 for the year in 9 cap. But over the last 2 weeks, he's number 91. And I feel pretty strongly that the trade rumors are at the core of why D'Jontay is not himself lately. I think he probably gets back into the 35 to 40 range, which is generally where he was prior to this little bit of a cold snap, mostly because his defensive stats have been low. And I think you could probably get him for someone in the 50 range because people are afraid of where he might end up. Like, if he gets traded to the Lakers, does that ruin his fantasy value? I don't actually think that it would. He might not be at 21 points, but I would assume the 4 inch change assists work their way back up a little bit. You're not alongside Trae Young. Yeah. That helps a little. Who would I give up for him? I mean, the other guys in that range, you're gonna have to find somebody with some name recognition. DeMar would be interesting. I like DeMar. You guys know we did a bylaw on him when he was in the sixties, and he's in the forties now. If you could get him for Vooch, I would do it. If you could get him for Miles Bridges, maybe plus someone in the eighties, I would do it. Alper and Shingon, that's kind of an even swap. I don't know that I would go that direction. Jalen Williams is kind of an even swap, so I don't know that you're actually getting a whole lot of bonus value there. If you if for if Tyler Hero plus someone, that might get it done, like hero plus Devon Vassell or hero plus I don't know. I'm looking down the board here. Dilo. Dilo is on the rise. You know, I guess that not that many names match up perfectly here for Dejounte. And so that does make him a little bit of a tougher buy low. Tobias Harris plus someone in the seventies would probably get it done. Miles Turner straight up might get it done. These are names that I would consider for Dejounte Murray. And, honestly, I'm just not that I'm not that scared. I don't think that a team trading for Murray is going to marginalize him. I think I frankly, I liked what he was when he was San Antonio Murray, and I don't expect him to be the primary ball handler on any team he goes to. But I do expect that wherever he goes, he'd be used better than how he's being used alongside Trae Young, because it's just so hard to play alongside Trae. You're not gonna be the guy with the basketball in your hands as often as you'd like to be. And I know what you're thinking about the Lakers, but if you've watched LeBron this year, he's been very comfortable playing off ball a lot more. I just and I know there's other teams. You know, Sixers are involved. The Heat are involved. Almost any place he goes, his job is easier to do than his job in Atlanta right now. I'm not as high on this one. I don't think there's as much margin for gain. I just think you might be able to bungle your way into a a manager who's afraid of what Desjontae Murray might become, and they're looking at it. They're like, oh, he's already trending down. This is gonna be a rough rough trade deadline for my guy, and maybe you could peel him away for, you know, that 50 to 70 range type of thing, like one of the names that I just threw out there. And I wanna double down on a name from last week. This is just a quick reminder. At the end of last show, on last Thursday, I had Darius Garland on the buy board. I said I thought he'd be back in 2 to 3 weeks last week. Now I think he's back in 1 to 2 weeks. So somewhere between 7 15 days, basically. We still haven't gotten an update on him, which is why I was able to leave him on the board, and I think you could probably get him for somebody in the 80 range. And when Garland comes back, I think he'll probably be in the 50 to 60 territory. So an opportunity here, if you're willing to sit on a really interesting player for, I'd say, maximum 15 days, you might be able to get a top 50 range dude for someone on your team who's more in that, you know, like a Devin Vassell type. Absolutely. I would give him up for Darius Garland. Absolutely. Unquestionably. Who else is down in that zone that might get it done? Kobe White, because nobody pays attention to defensive stats or percentages. By the way, I don't wanna get accused of being down on Kobe White, but he's outside the top one forty over the last month. It's happened again. Regard I'm like I'm gonna do a whole show on on how everybody yells at me. Everybody hates Dan when I talk about Kobe White. He's just not as good in 9 cat as he is in other formats. He went on a crazy shooting run, and the it's leveled off. Anyway, it's not about that. Go see if you can get Darius Garland. I think your time is running short on this one. I think he's coming back pretty damn soon. I think 15 days is the absolute longest. I might get that wrong, but that's where I'm sitting on it. And so I think you could probably make that happen in, and I and I I think the person that has him was probably getting irritated, unless they're watching the show and they're thinking, don't you try to steal my Darius Garland. But go look at your board. Go look at guys that have name power in the 75 range and offer them up for Garland. Devin Vassell is the one that I really like. Next big game he posts for the Spurs, go try to get Garland for him. What if I don't have Devin Vassell, you ask? OG and Inoue might get it done. Looking at other guys with name power. Like I said, Kobe White on a heater might make it happen. I don't think Mike Conley has enough scoring to make it go through. If you could pair Conley up with someone like a Jabari Smith junior. Anthony Simons might get it done. People might not realize he's, like, top 100 range because he hits a lot of 3 pointers. That could be an interesting one to flip out there, see what happens. Deelo, we just talked about a minute ago, probably would need a little bit more, but you never know. He's had a couple good games in a row. Alright, friends. That's your Bilode board here, for this lovely Thursday, January 18th. Hopefully, that'll take us through a little bit here. But, again, like, you might have a Steph Curry Mondo game coming up in the blink of an eye. Actually, they don't play tonight. Warriors had a warriors were off a long time this week. Where the hell did they play again? Where are you? Oh, right. Yes. Their game got postponed. That's what happened. I forgot. Yesterday's game got postponed. Tomorrow's game got postponed. That's my bet, everybody. I forgot where their schedule went. So you do have a little bit of time here to, to make the move on Steph Curry. To me, this one's, you know, I I've had a handful on here that I've called no brainer by lows, and Steph is a no brainer by low for me because he's so attached to what Draymond Green brings to that team. And, that's your opportunity to do it. Follow me. If you're watching this show on Twitter, just click the follow button. That's really easy. If you're watching it on YouTube at Dan Besbris, you can see this stuff on your screen. If you're listening after the fact, it's danbesbris. Please please please take a moment to go drop over to our trade deadline live show. Throw a like on that beforehand so we can powerhouse through the algorithm. It's a really big day for us. We've gained, like, multiple 100, Twitter, YouTube, podcast subscribers, and followers just from that one day alone. It it honestly like, it's the day where we have an impact the the opportunity for us to make the biggest impact on any single day in the entire calendar year is that morning. So please do hit a thumbs up on that. That should also give you some kind of reminder that it's coming, but, you know, we'll be on the whole damn morning. So you can join us when you want, leave us when you want, whatever. It's an awesome, awesome show. I have the time of my life on it every time. Shout out to manscaped.com, promo code ethos 20. Get 20% off your order and free shipping atmanscaped.com. Shout out as always to our pals at sportsethos.com, ethosfantasybk for your basketball news feed. Ethos Fantasy BB with baseball here around the corner. Make sure to check them out as well. Have a lovely rest of your Thursday, everyone. Hopefully, these names are good to buy low for the next couple of days, give you an opportunity to kinda work through it. Again, I am Dan Vesperis. This is Fantasy NBA Today. Back tomorrow with our always fun Friday weekend review show and then, hopefully, a Stash show coming up on Saturday. But first time first time we do one of those as kind of a specialty addition. Seems like you guys are enjoying the specialty shows we're putting out there, so I'll keep trying new ideas. This is my handful of darts. This is me throwing them at a wall. Find out what sticks later. It's fun. I like screwing around, trying stuff out. Alright. Tip of the cap to you all. See you tomorrow.