Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright. Let's get this party started, everybody. We have no games to recap from Tuesday, so we kinda needed to have a little bit of a different plan going into today's show. And that plan is we have a massive 14 game Wednesday to preview, so that'll chew up a few minutes. But also I thought we could do a little bit of a player deep dive, on a few guys that you all listed on Twitter. By the way, as I'm opening the show, we just got word that Walker Kessler got downgraded to doubtful. So, I had briefly considered making him one of the player deep dives. But now that he's probably not even playing tonight, we're gonna go ahead and leave that one out. Reason behind some of this thought process for me, just in case anybody cares, and I don't know that you guys do, but I wanna get more specialty programming on our YouTube page. So yesterday, we had a buy or sell show with Rafael Johnson. Seemed like folks enjoyed that. I looked around the YouTube space and the podcast space for how other content creators are doing this buy and sell thing. And it does seem like, for the most part, they split it into 2 separate shows. There's a buy show and a sell show. So perhaps we'll do that going forward. Allows us to focus a little bit more time on each individual player. We don't have to sort of zip through the names the way that we kinda did yesterday with Raf. But I wanna do some buy shows. I wanna do some sell shows. I'd like to do we already have our weekly preview show with Derek Ball. That's every Monday afternoon. We have our Friday weekend review show, which is good. We don't currently have a waiver wire show. We used to have that here at Sports Ethos. It was behind the paywall. And for a long time, that was run by Eric Ong who'd had been with sport esports for a very long time, one of my good buddies in the industry. But that doesn't exist right now. So perhaps we'll get that one mixed in. I don't know if the weekend is feasible, but that would be the right time to do it because folks are making their waiver claims on Sunday. There are just a lot of other, I thought, kind of specialty shows that we're not doing right now that I'd like to do as part of this sort of growing offering as I focus even more on podcast, videocast, things of that nature. So, hopefully, with a little thought, I can come up with a few more things. If you guys have ideas of shows that I haven't thought of, feel free to throw them in the live chat. You can also hit those with me or hit those hit me with those over on social media at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s on Twitter, where I hope I will certainly see many or all of you guys that listen to and watch this show. This is, of course, Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. Make sure to join us over in the ethos Discord. A link that I have now confirmed works both in the live chat, in the show description, on Twitter, wherever you guys wanna find it, come hang out with us over there. I'd also like to mention here before we dive into the Wednesday preview as the first part of today's show that Bru and I are doing our first secret show today. The only way to get on the mailing list for the secret show is to sign up for said mailing list. There is no other way to get the link other than, you know, obviously, somebody passing it along to you. The link to that, I just put in the live chat. I threw it up on the screen. YouTubers, you can cut and paste that. It's a mailer lite sign up form. Join our email list. You will get the link to my secret show with Bruske. We're gonna be doing these periodically throughout the year. Again, the only way to get those is to either be a premium subscriber that costs money. Joining the mailing list does not cost any money. Those are the 2 ways you can get that link, to see our secret shows. First things first, however, on this program, we have a colossal Wednesday to go over. So let's start looking at some of that. Make sure that I get my face in the right place on the YouTube screen. There's really no right place for this face. But let's just go through it top to bottom because there's a bazillion things going on tonight. 28 of the 30 NBA teams play this evening, which means we'll have some things to go over and a couple of explanations as to why we're looking in certain directions. From the top, mostly chronologically, the Wizards will start with the Wizards. Daniel Gafford had his first really nice ballgame of the year his last time out. Can he do that again is sort of the simple question on that one. Jordan Poole, we're gonna talk about later in the show. He's one of the underperformers so far, so I don't wanna spend too much time on him right now during this Wednesday preview part. But the big question I think with Poole is, is it a buy low, or is it just that he's not gonna get anywhere near his ADP? And that's what we're gonna be determining on three names later on today. For the Hornets, the only real question mark is Brandon Miller. He got a spot start, with Terry Rozier missing their last ballgame. It seems like Terry is probably going to miss another one. Can, can Brandon succeed where he failed last time around? Is it the players around him? Does it create sort of this usage hole that he was able to soak up when he was coming off the bench? We'll get a better idea of that after game 2. Celtics, Derrick White, not with the team at shootaround, but he is expected to join the team ahead of the game coming up later tonight. That was also what we heard about Monday's game, and then he did not join the team before that one. So I wouldn't say that it's set in stone. If he sits out, Al Horford potentially gets into the mix. Oh, and we just got news breaking 30 seconds ago that Draymond Green is expected to be out for tonight's ball game for the warriors due to personal reasons. So that'll change what we're looking for in that warriors game later on. Sixers, that should be a fun ball game, by the way. Boston 2 point road favorites at Philadelphia. Philly, we're looking to see what Nick Batum, who seems to be the new guy who got the minutes in their last ballgame. I don't know if that's something that continues here, but we'll keep one eye on him. I don't think the Batum's gonna get enough consistent playing time to be worth your your while. And we see every time with the Clippers, at least, every time he started to get more consistent playing time, something started to hurt on him. But more than anything, we wanna know, is this going to mess up Kelly Oubre? He had a bad ball game. I would argue Kelly's kinda first bad ball game of the year his last time out, but, unfortunately, it it ran right in conjunction with Nick Batum getting to do stuff, which was good sort of find the open space quick trigger 3 kind of thing, do they need as much scoring out of Oobre as as or they need much scoring out of that spot in their roster as Oobre was providing? And then does he end up moving back to the bench, which is probably good for Kelly? This is all stuff that we wanna pay attention to over on that Philly side along with whether or not D'Anthony Melton can get his minutes up and over 28 in this sort of lower usage role for him behind Embiid, behind Maxey, behind Tobias Harris, behind Kelly Oubre even for shots. We can't it's not gonna get done in 24, 25 minutes the way that it did in Memphis when he was coming off the bench and able to take a a bunch of shots in a row and kind of run things a little bit. He's not having that opportunity now in a way that we expected him to, so we need more minutes out of D'Anthony Melton. I wanna give it as much time as humanly possible, though, because we know that if he starts to figure out his place with this team, with this roster, with this construction, it can get good really quickly. I don't wanna miss it. Well, I was gonna ask about Walker Kessler on the Jazz, but since he's now downgraded to doubtful, I'm gonna assume he's missing tonight's ballgame. The other thing on Utah, and I'll say it as many times as it needs to be said before everybody listens to me, Jordan Clarkson and Talen Horton Tucker are not worth your time in 9 category leagues. THT, I feel like a lot of you would argue that THT's had a pretty good start to the year. Like, he's done more than people expected. He's number 177. Jordan Clarkson, one would certainly argue, has had a very bad start to the year. So it's not like we can say, hey. He's been good, and he's still this low. He's been awful, and he's number 308. He's doing so much damage to your fantasy team that whatever small amount of good he's doing, which right now is assists. That's the only category where Clarkson is above league average. 1 out of 9, mind you. He's shooting 34 and a half percent from the field. That'll get better. 75 at the free throw percent or at the free throw line, that'll also get a little bit better, although he's not a positive free throw impact guy. He's kind of a neutral one from the guard spot. 3 and a half turnovers a game, point 6 steals, only 3 and a half rebounds, only 13 and a half points. Yeah. Some of this stuff is gonna get better for Clarkson, but even in a good scenario, we're still talking 120 to 160 range. I don't think these guys need to be on fantasy teams, and I'm just gonna keep saying it over and over and over again until you all believe me. Your team will get better when you move on from these dudes. You will win more. By the way, the Pistons just signed Kevin Knox to a 1 year deal, and no one should care at all. Pacers. Lord, I wish we had something to pay attention to on this Indiana team. I guess we could say that Bruce Brown inconsistency is something we could pay attention to because he's number 132 right now In 30 minutes a game, I thought we'd see more assists out of Bruce. The the 12 points and 2 3 pointers and 4 rebounds is around what I thought we'd get. I thought we'd get more than 2 and a half assists, and perhaps that's a byproduct of playing on a team where Tyrese Halliburton is initiating most of the stuff on offense as opposed to kinda looking a little bit more at last year where, you know, the Jokic offense was everybody sort of pass pass pass pass pass pass pass, and that's how he ended up at 3 and a half assists ballgame last season. But the other thing with Bruce Brown, I think it's gonna get better. He hasn't blocked a shot yet this year. It's not like he's a massive shot blocker, but he's averaged about point 6 blocks in 25 minutes per game over his career. So you gotta figure that in 30 minutes a game, which, by the way, this season is the most he's played, that number should at least be around his career mark. Kind of the way the steals is right now. Steels is at point 9. His career mark is point 9 in 24 and a half ish, what I say, 25 minutes a game. So maybe that's a number that even ticks up to 1.1 ish, like what it was in Denver last year. If we just assume the assists stay constant and the scoring stays constant, the one thing that moves him from where he is now, which again, not great, 132, but half a blocking game, basically 2 blocks a week, is enough to move him to the top 100. That's all it takes for guys in that range. It's these these small, very small, almost microscopic shifts. And if he ends up somehow getting an extra assist to ballgame and he becomes 124 and a half with a steal, half a block, and 2, 3 pointers, that's a guy that you want on your fantasy team. So I'm sticking with Bruce Brown for now. I I just I I I I I can't say move on. Not to a guy who has shown the ability to have some 9 cat value, not a ton, but some, and is getting starters minutes. Otherwise, with the Pacers, we're just praying throwing up a prayer that somebody ever starts getting consistent minutes, but it just it doesn't seem like that's gonna be the case. So friends, going online without ExpressVPN is like changing while leaving your window wide open. Al, you might be a bit of an exhibitionist, and you may not have anything you feel like you wanna hide, but why give those random creeps a chance to invade your privacy? When you go online without a VPN, ISPs, as Internet service providers, they can see every single website you visit and can legally sell that information without your consent to ad companies, tech giants, and then they use that data to target you. Why should you use ExpressVPN? Simple. When you use ExpressVPN, ISPs can't see your activity. Your identity is anonymized, that's a fun word, by a secure server, and your data remains yours. Also, it's so easy. You don't have to really think about it. You just fire up the app. You click one button, and it's on. You're protected. Again, you might not think you have anything to hide, but believe me, all of these companies mining your data, they know you do. I personally use ExpressVPN because I don't want companies looking at every single thing I do online because I also would like to use some of my products that I'm actually paying for in the way that they were intended. It can help with that as well. So secure your online activity by visiting expressvpn.com/hoopball today. That is e x p r e s s v p n dot com slash hoopball, and you could get an extra 3 months free. Expressvpn.com/hoopball. Head there now. Spurs, nothing really. Devin Vassell being out. There was this this back of the brain thought. Can anybody actually step into that void? And the answer is almost definitely no. It's just sort of more stuff for other dudes. Otherwise, not much. I mean, everybody keeps asking me what I think about Jeremy Soehan. I've been saying the same thing since before the season started, is that he has massive efficiency issues, and moving him into this point Soehan role wasn't about to make those go away. He's also not a guy that you need to start in 9 category leagues. For the Knicks, we saw Josh Hart get 30 plus minutes off the bench in their last ballgame. That was great. Make sure he's not on the wire. Now we gotta make sure that it actually happens consistently. Otherwise, I don't think much. I think we've got a pretty good feel for the rest of that team. Clippers, this is an obvious one. James Harden, day 2. This is just gonna be this slow I I call it somewhat sine wave y in that you'll have games where everybody everything looks better, and then you'll have games where things look worse as the pieces fit together. And it's gonna depend a bit at least on the defense that they're playing against. They went up against the Knicks team in Harden's first game, which I'm sure everybody loved rolling into Madison Square Garden as he makes his Clippers debut, but the Knicks can actually play some d. But Brooklyn's not gonna play a whole lot of defense, especially not without Nick Claxton. So this game could be higher scoring. You might see the pieces seem like they fit really well, but it's this sort of seam versus reality thing. Good players, great players in this case. Kawhi, great player, PG, Harden. These guys are really, really, really, really good at basketball. They're gonna just find ways to score in a fun way against the team that's not that great on defense, and they're not gonna be exposed as much for the chemistry stuff that still needs to be worked on. What I would say in general, and this is pretty much the case whenever, a massive usage, as Harden says, I'm not a system player. I am a system. Whenever a system arrives to a new team, there's usually gonna be this immediate feeling that you want everybody to just explode, but that doesn't happen. So what actually happens in these spots is that the day the news breaks is a sell high. Because suddenly Harden it was like, oh, Harden's going to a play for a team instead of doing nothing at all and it on that player. But you also have a buy low window on everybody else because there's gonna be an overreaction based on these early games to Kawhi and Paul George. Paul George had his easily his worst game of the year and, you know, wasn't even all that close because he was top of the board 1st round, and that one bad game dropped him to the middle of the 1st round. Oh, no, he says, while also realizing PG is not gonna shoot 52% for the year. Not the point. Point is, now you have a buy low on everybody because there's gonna be an overreaction to each guy doing less, big turnovers, chemistry issues, clunky clunk offense as guys figure out how the pieces fit together. And this is a big how do they fit situations. This is a harder fit than Harden going to Philadelphia because there was like, oh, the one main superstar is a center. You run pick and roll with that center. Make sure he gets the ball a whole bunch of times. Bingo bango. Hey. We're good to go. With the Clippers, their center is a roll man, a screen and roll man. That's what I've used to Zubatz. He's a big body who has okay hands, and he can finish around the rim. The Clippers' offense prior to Harden's arrival was, a lot of times, Paul George and Kawhi Leonard taking turns initiating. Whether that's ISO, pick and roll, whatever, there was a bit of a take turns offense going on. And that's just not gonna work with 3 guys, so they have to rethink the way this whole ship floats. And while that's happening, this type of stuff, I believe, tends to take about 5 to 8 weeks. You will have by low windows in there that you can probably exploit on all 3 of those guys. For Brooklyn, nothing really. Nick Claxton and Cam Johnson each got assigned to their g league team, so that means those guys are getting a little bit closer. Yay. It seems like Cam Johnson is closer than Claxton, but we'll sort of wait and find out. I think Cam got upgraded from out to doubtful. So that means he's probably 1 or 2 games away. I I don't know what the story is with Claxton, but this is your opportunity. If you wanted to buy low on Claxton, you probably wouldn't have to stash more than, like, 1 to 2 weeks. That's a that's a golden opportunity to get a top 50 fantasy player for presumably pretty cheap because whoever drafted him is feeling, I think, kinda miffed about the whole thing. For the Pelicans, is it Jordan Hawkins time again? He had a really good first ball game. We heard from the Pells that they're gonna be doing a little bit of matchup stuff. So guys like Dyson Daniels might see more playing time. But is that real, or was that coach speak for Jordan's got first dibs? If he mucks it up, then we'll go look at somebody else. I gotta believe that it's more that one, the latter. So Hawkins, probably a safe burger board guy with CJ McCollum out, but we'll get a better feel for that tonight. Timberwolves. Is Kyle Anderson a streamer, or is Kyle Anderson better than a streamer? So far this year, the answer has been streamer. He's bounced back and forth between about rank 85 and rank 150 based on whether whether his last ballgame was a really good one or a really bad one. Last one was kind of a bad one, so he's backed out in the 140 range right now. I'm giving him a little bit longer on teams where I drafted him because not that I spent a whole bunch of draft capital on Slo Mo. I'd you know, I took him in, like, the 130 some odd range. But I had a measure of belief in him. And, also, if anybody goes down from Minnesota, which they haven't so far, but if anybody goes down from Minnesota, then he very much moves in front of that. But if he's only a burger board play, then that's not a guy you need to sit on all season long. And, hopefully, we'll get the answer on that over about the next week or so. Lakers, the walking wounded. By the way, Cam Johnson just got ruled out. So, we got our we got our official ruling on that, and Ben Simmons is questionable with hip soreness. That's some old man stuff right there. I know that feeling. For the Lakers, Anthony or I think they're expecting to get Rui Hachimura back for this ballgame, so at least there's one little piece of good news. Jackson Hayes, I think, is still questionable, but Gabe Vincent is out for a little bit longer. AD is also questionable. Jared Vanderbilt is still out. I think Torian Prince is back. It's messy. Team has beat up most injured team in the NBA so far. Obviously, if AD plays, that's good for the Lakers. Also good for us determining who maybe steps forward. If everybody's out, though, and it's, like, just Cam Reddish, Christian Wood, Torian Prince, and Rui Hachamura, a lot of those guys could end up being kind of interesting. So let's pay attention to that. There may be some streaming opportunities. Wood, I believe, is above that line. Christian Wood, you know, his lines have not been too succulent so far. It's why he's number 180. But when he's getting playing time, he's been a pretty good fit. Couple of 3 pointers, some rebounds, can get a block. Worth an exploration at the very least, I think. And I've been saying that for a little bit here. For the Rockets, we should be getting Tahri Eason's debut. If you wanna add him and stash him, you can. Don't expect much. They're they're, the expectation not for him is 15 minutes. And if that's the ramp up, you're probably looking at least a week or two until he's at whatever they actually want to do with him, which means someone's probably gonna pick him up and drop him though during that stretch, or you can just wait. And, you know, when he gets into the low to mid twenties in minutes, you can kinda reassess whether there's enough fantasy stuff going on there for a pickup. You know your league better than I do. You know whether it's super competitive. That's, well, you're kinda making the call on Easton. For the Pistons, sounds like Alec Burks and, Jaden Ivy are still out. So do we wanna flow to Marcus Sasser's stream? Maybe Jaylen Durren questionable. If he's out, then you're looking at an Isaiah Stewart or Marvin Bagley stream or both. And that's really you know, Pistons are in burger zone right now. Bucks, nothing really. Cavaliers, we got a good name, Adam Max Strouse, last time around. As the team continues to get healthy, we're waiting to find out what his final role is going to be. He's not shooting the ball well at all right now. If that goes up, does that counterbalance what we assume is a drop off in rebounding? We shall see. Only time will tell, but I'm sticking with it to see how it develops on the Max Drew side. And then, obviously, we're we wanna know if Jared Allen is up to full minutes yet or if he's still kind of in that 28, 29 range. Also, Caris LeVert. I keep bouncing back and forth on him. He's probably not gonna be a 9 cat guy because of percentages issues, but I also think his percents are gonna come up a little bit. And he's had a pretty good size role for the team to this point. So head to head, I think you sit on him a little bit longer. Roto, if you wanted to stash him on your bench and not play him against your games cap, that would be the way to go. I also don't think you're gonna feel all that terrible if you did drop him and move on, because the upside for Lavert is really only when guys get hurt hurt. Otherwise, you're thinking, like, can this guy get inside the top 100? Maybe. And so then you're toiling away on it when other things are going on out there. Thunder, nothing. Heat, I guess the question with Miami is, can you still buy low on Jimmy Butler? He had a huge ballgame and jumped from, like, 80 to 40 in the rank board. So probably not, but I don't know. Maybe you can in your league. Grizzlies. I guess we'd like to have some kind of clarity on the center position if there ever will be any. And I also I've I keep saying this. I am secretly waiting for Luke Kennard to have a larger role. It it hasn't been one yet, but he's one of the best 3 point shooters in the league. And it does feel like teams just need maximum floor spacing these days. So if all of a sudden Kennard starts playing 30 minutes, he's gonna be jacking up 9, 10, 3 pointers a game. That's that's a guy you'd have to add. As it stands right now, you probably don't. For the Suns, Bradley Beal might might be making his season debut. I'm assuming he'd be on a minutes cap, so I don't know that I would play him against my cap on the side. Obviously, head to head, you get him out of your IL, and you fire him up. This will be interesting because now does that make Bradley Beal the point guard until Devin Booker comes back? And then are they finally sharing that role? We still just have no idea because Booker and Beal haven't played a game together. Devin's only played 2 of their games so far. Meanwhile, Kevin Durant has played all 7. Who had that gone? Well, this is why you can't just assume certain guys are gonna be in and out. And, by the way, Booker's been pretty beat up the last few years also. But, anyway, Beal, that's that's certainly your question mark there. For the Bulls, not much really on Chicago. You know, they got a nice win in their last ball game against a bad team. Does that wake them up, or was that a one off? Every win for Chicago, you feel a little bit better about your fantasy assets there because they're gonna try to ram their heads against the wall and hope that they can use their heads to knock the wall down. It's been ugly to this point, but every win makes those guys just a little bit safer. Raptors, Precious, I think, is getting closer to coming back. I would like to know if Jacob Pertl can keep up good numbers once Precious is around. It was not a promising start to the year before went down. Meanwhile, Scottie Barnes, as awesome as he's been, and he has been awesome, he is also very much a sell high, averaging 23 points, 2 and a half threes, 10 boards, 6 assists, and 3.2 defensive stats. Those are Anthony Davis size numbers on the defensive end. Some of that stuff is coming down. I think you should be able to get a top 35 player for him right now. And I think if you can do that, you probably consider it. Where the hell were we? Oh, and then Gary Trent. Well, I mean, is there any reason to be patient here? I think the only reason to be patient with Trent is if you think he gets traded, because it just doesn't look like he's gonna have a job in Toronto unless somebody gets hurt. For the Mavs, kind of the same old stuff. Derek Lively, foul trouble last ball game. What does this one look like? Assuming Maxi Kliba is still indeed out. And then Grant Williams who's been rolling, I see no reason to hop off that train. I imagine he'll probably hit a shooting slump at some point, and then maybe that's where he falls back towards the edge or outside the top 100, but it's not happening yet. So continue. Warriors, pumpkin Andrew Wiggins has to be the thing on the docket here. He's been so, so bad so far this year, And he's just not involved, and he looks slow, and he's not taking it to the rim, averaging only point 7. No. That's not right. How many free throws per game? I guess he's at 3 and a half free throws per game, but he's only making 54% of them, which is a career low. Shooting from the field is basically a career low. His 3 point attempts are back down again. His field goal attempts last year were at 14. He's down at 10. I don't know what the hell is going on with Wiggins, but something is not right. And I know I've been saying on the show, he is both a Bilo and also a player that I want nothing to do with on my fantasy team. It's possible that he might not be a Bilo. It's possible he might just be bad now, which is weird to think, but every part or maybe hurt, but every part of his game is wrong. What does he have? He's one steal through 8 ball games so far this year. This is a guy that's averaged a steal plus almost every year of his career. No. Last year, he was at 1.2. He also had point 8 blocks, 2 defensive stats per game last year. The lowest number in Wiggins' career is, like, 1.4 defensive stats per ball game. Mostly, he's been at 1.7 to 2 range. And this year, he's at point 6. His minutes are down by 5 to 7, mostly because he just doesn't look like he knows what the hell is going on out of the basketball court. I feel like there's something wrong with him, and the warriors aren't telling us. Because players don't just you know, I know he's not like the springiest chicken, but he's born in 95. He's not old. 28. Supposedly, that's the prime. Something is wrong with Andrew Wiggins, and the warriors are doing a hell of a job of keeping it under wraps. But we can all see that something isn't right with him. So I almost feel like they're doing him a disservice by whatever it is that's going on, keeping it under wraps. But, like, there's no way he's a 100% healthy. Will he ever get back to a 100%? I don't know because this does look a little bit like the Andrew Wiggins that came back after all the family stuff last year. And you just sort of wonder, like, is it in his head? Is it a physical injury, a mental one? How are we gonna get Andrew out of this thing? And I don't because there's no obvious timeline on when it's gonna magically fix himself whatever is going on with him, I don't think that I would even buy low there. I think you just wanna get the hell out of that business. And if he shows signs of taking more shots, being more aggressive, being more engaged on both sides of the basketball, that's probably when you think about making your move. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Super weird stuff, though. Nuggets, any chance Reggie Jackson becomes a thing while Jamal Murray's out? I'm somehow doubting it, but you never know. Blazers, time lord, feels like, well, we're still waiting on the final ruling, Mary, as a procedure that could cost him 2 to 3 months. He also has a procedure that would cost him the rest of the season. Either way, the blazers don't have that many other centers on their roster, so he figured Deandre Ayton, who was already getting the lion's share of center minutes at about 30 out of the 48 of them each ballgame, that probably goes up to 32. I don't know how they can play him 32, 33 minutes for an entire season because that's just kinda hard on a big man. But, hey, extra minute or 2, we'll take it if that's what happens. Because Ayton he and Dimonas Sabonis, pretty good shots to lead the league in rebounding this year. And if Ayton starts to play more, well, there you go. What the hell was I talking about? I lost my place. The Kings, can they compete without De'Aaron Fox? Yikes. That was really bad in Houston. And the Rockets, I know they're better than they were last year, but, you know, that's championship team or anything, and they made the Kings look like a like they were a level below. My guess is that Sacramento is better in this ballgame. Probably take the last one kind of personally in a way that I don't know. It's almost like they thought they'd just be able to compete in the last couple, but the Blazers are not very good. So this should be a a good battle and, frankly, a winnable ballgame. Kings are obviously better at home, beam team stuff. I still trust Malik Monk over Davion Mitchell filling in for Fox. And the other thing on the Sacramento side is I'm starting to get some should I buy low on Keegan Murray, and he was a name that I considered for the second half of today's show in the is it a buy or is it an abandoned ship. And Keegan Murray is very much a buy. He's a buy low. He's shooting 36% from the field, 75 at the foul line. All the other stuff for him actually looks really, really good. Usage is up. So all of that would indicate that he should be out in front of where he was last year. And he's still playable in 9 cat even with this very cold start. So, yes, Keegan Murray, very much a buy. I don't know what it would take to pry him away. You want somebody off, like, a very late pick that's that's doing really well that you feel like maybe could fall off a cliff at some point. I don't know who that would be. Buddy Heeled feels like a similarly valued player that's shooting the ball better here in the opening frame. Those guys could flip flop pretty quick. Aaron Gordon, if you think his field goal percent and defensive stats come back to Earth, that's an interesting one. If you wanna go get Keegan Murray, that feel like Aaron Gordon. PJ Washington is an intriguing one. He could probably get you Keegan. I don't know that I would give up much more than that. I don't think Denny Avia is enough to get it done. Anyhoo, that is your big Wednesday look ahead. Before we dive into our, players I I can't think of what I wanna call this segment of the show. What did I call it in the title? I already forgot what I labeled this thing. Oh, buy low or bust volume 1. That's what we're calling it. Buy low or bust. And the three names we're gonna be talking about are Kat, Jordan Poole, and Markelle Fultz. Kat, Jordan Poole, and Markelle Fultz. Before we get to that, I wanna remind everybody to please follow me over on social media at Dan Vesperis, and like, rate, and subscribe. If you're finding this show for the first time, second time, third time, whatever it is, and you haven't done those things yet, please take a second to do so. That's how we can continue to do more shows. That's how I can, convince the bosses to let me continue to do more shows on social, on pod, on YouTube, whatever, is growth. If they see growth, then they go, alright, Dan. Keep sinking time into this stuff. And then it's fun for me also because if I see growth, then I'm gonna keep sinking time into this stuff. So please hit subscribe. Please hit that like button. It's super easy. If you're watching on YouTube, it's just right there. It takes one second. And then if, again, if you're over on the traditional pod side, iTunes, Spotify, whatever, if you have a moment to do a 5 star review, that would also be extraordinarily helpful. And this show what did I do? Did I forget to do it again? I forgot to bring my lawnmower over here. This show is brought to you by our buddies at man scaped.com. It's not a bird. It's not a plane. It's a sideburn trimmer sent from outer spur spur spur spur. Gentlemen, our friends over at MANSCAPED have been working night and day to bring you a below or above the waist grooming experience like none other with the brand new lawnmower 5.0 Ultra. We're talking next gen trimmer with interchangeable blade heads for whatever shave your mind can imagine close, far, whatever. Upgrade your grooming game to the ultra sphere this year by going to manscape.com and get 20% off and free shipping with our code, Ethos 20, high-tech for low places and high. I use it on my neck, my face all the time. It's just not that hard. This thing is actually really sweet. I wish I would have brought it closer to the screen for you, folks watching on video. The lawnmower 5.0 Ultra is really cool. It's got multiple light settings, which was actually a complaint I had about previous lawnmowers that the light was sometimes so bright that I couldn't see other parts of my face. Like, it illuminated one area, but not necessarily the one that I was hitting, but the one, like, right next to it. Now you can change the way the light, reacts, or you can just turn it off completely if you have plenty of light in your room. Also useful. SkinSafe Technology, that's the big one. You don't wanna you don't wanna a whole bunch of pinches and nicks and pulls and all that stuff. It's awesome. You got 3 comb lengths. You got a traditional blade. If you wanna get the closer shave, it's the cutting edge of male grooming, and it's over atmanscaped.com. 20% off again and free shipping with our code Ethos 20. 20% off. Free shipping with code ETHOS 2zero@manscaped.com. I promise you've never seen a sideburn trimmer look like a spaceship until now. Manscaped.com. Ethos 20. Alright. Buy or bust, volume 1. We haven't done a show like this before. Let's bleep and see how it goes. First name on the list is Karl Anthony Towns, who we did talk about a bit on yesterday's program with Rafael Johnson. But when I asked who you guys wanted me to talk about on Twitter, there were still a lot of I wanna hear about Kat. So So let's spend a little bit more time on Towns, and perhaps it's that you guys wanted to hear me voice my own opinion on the situation a little bit more. Is let's start with the quick answer to the question. Is Karl Anthony Towns a buy, or is Karl Anthony Towns a bust? He is a buy. I feel pretty confident in that call. But it's a little bit more nuanced than that. Right now, Cat is averaging 16.7 points per game, 1.3 threes, 9.2 rebounds, 2.7 assists, a steal, 0.7 blocks on 38% from the field, 90% at the free throw line. Okay? That's where he's at right now. The first thing that I think everybody's eyes are gonna jump to is that 38% shooting from the field. And we can feel, I think, very confident that that's not a number that's gonna stick. Largely because right now, 3 pointers aren't dropping. He's taking the exact same number of threes this year as he did last year, and he's making almost one less per game because last year, he shot 37%. By the way, career 39 percenter from downtown. And this year, he's at 23a half. If you adjust the numbers up just from 3 pointers alone, his field goal percent goes from 38 to about 47 or so. It's not all the way back to where we needed to get. But if you look at his overall field goal attempts, he's at 6.2 out of 16.2. Actually, I got that wrong. He'll be at 7 out of 16, so it'd be, a little bit less than the number I said. The twos also aren't dropping, but we don't like, let's assume the 2 the shooting percent from 2 doesn't change that much because Rudy Gobert is clogging the lane. His 2 pointers are probably gonna be a little bit tougher this year. Maybe it gets all the way back to where it was, but we can't just assume it does the way that I think we can assume on the 3 pointer side. The other thing, last year, he was at 8 rebounds a game. This year, he's at 9.2. That's actually a really good sign, and he's doing it all on the defensive glass. He hasn't gotten his usual set of offensive rebounds yet, which perhaps that's a number that ticks up a little bit even if the defensive numbers come down. Assists are lower, that probably stays because the offense is not running through him as often as it did in the past. But, also, his teammates need to make shots a little bit better. So I think we can also assume assist probably come up a tiny bit from 2.7, maybe to about 3, probably not all the way. Last year, remember, he was in the fours before he went down previous series at 3.6. Before that, he was at 4.5. He's not the only guy anymore. One steal, pretty reasonable for him. That's he's been around 0.8 to 1 throughout his career. 0.7 blocks is a little low for him, but, again, he's playing power forward instead of center a lot of the time. Maybe that number ticks up to 0.8.9, but I don't think we can believe I don't think we can guarantee that it does. The one thing with Kat that I think we can guarantee is that the 3 point percentage is gonna get better. And if it does, I'm gonna assume the 2 point percent gets better as well. He pretty much jumps back to where you need him to be. Because the thing weighing him down right now is that he's been a big negative field goal percent guy. If his 38% from the field jumps up to even 47 or 48%, like, again, career, 52a half. Since he started jacking threes, it was more like 50 ish. But we don't even need him to get all the way to 50. This is this is a game of just kinda simple math again. If he's at, what's he shoot? Where how many shots per game right now? 16.2 shots per game. Last year, he was at 7.3 out of 14.8 shots per game. That got him to 20 and a half points. If his few goal attempts are indeed back up a little bit this year to 16, let's just say he's making slightly less than 8 of those. 8 shots out of 16 would be 16 points. If you say 2 of those are threes, that gets him to 18 points. If he's making 3 free throws, that gets him to 21. And that's a very conservative estimate. So that's just with the field goal percent getting back where it needs to be. His points per game, his field goal percent goes from being a huge negative to, neutral, basically. Scoring goes up by probably 3, maybe 4 points per game, maybe even 5. Three pointers go from 1.3 to 2 and change. That would probably get him to around, let's see, 2.1 ish, if you're gonna mimic last year if he continues to take 5.7 per game. So all of these things, that's like the rising tide phenomenon. His field goal percent goes up by 10, 11, 12%. Points go up. Threes go up. Field goal percent goes up. It's this big lift, and he jumps way up the board. Now does Kat get all the way to where he was drafted, which at the end of draft season was, like, around 20? Probably not. Probably not. What I would point to though is that last year before Kat went down, he was around number 25 on a per game basis, and then he was worse than that when he came back because he was sort of working his way back into game shape. 25 is probably kind of a ceiling for him in terms of per game stuff. But if he can stay healthy, then all of that is sort of a moot point. Because 25 and healthy would beat his ADP of low twenties because not everybody's gonna stay healthy. Now we don't know if he's gonna be upright the whole year, but, yes, this is a buy situation on Cat. The other part of this is, what's it gonna cost to get him? Because you're not gonna pay his draft day price when he's off to a slow start. There that's not a buy low anymore. That would be a buy what someone else got him for. What you're looking to try to do is to get Kat for someone probably in the 40 to 50 range because they're well in front of where he is right now, but you still believe that he beats them when this thing is all said and done. Who are some of the names between 3555 that we think probably fall back a little bit over the next, I don't know how many weeks or months? Jalen Duran is at number 37. He probably falls back a little bit. Mark Williams at 41, almost definitely falls back a little bit. He's shooting 81%. As much as I think he's incredible, Asar Thompson is at 3.4 defensive stats per game. He falls back. He's been amazing, and you're definitely not selling for anything less than a pretty awesome player. You probably have to package these guys. Like, would you give up Mark Williams and Aussar Thompson for Cat? That feels like a lot, but I think maybe you consider doing it. Michael Porter junior at 44, if you pair him up with someone like Jaylen Duran or, Mark Williams, that probably gets it done. If you wanted to go one for 1, you might be able to get it done with Alperette and Chinguun or Evan Mobley. Those guys are in the late forties. Drew Holiday, you probably would have to pair them off with somebody. Maybe it would maybe you could get it done with, like, OG and Inobi paired off with someone. These are plays you could make, I believe, right now on cat, and it probably ends up being, a a small size win. Next player on the I already forgot what we're calling this board. This is, buy or bust. I remember. I remember. I got it. Next player on the buy or bust board is Jordan Poole, who is off to an atrocious start to this season. 18 and a half points. I'm sorry, man. That's a really bad start. Pool averaged more points than that with the warriors last year. 2.3 threes. We were hoping for more. 1.8 rebounds. You're on the floor for 28 minutes. You can't get 2 damn rebounds, dude. 3.7 assists. We all were hoping for more there. 1.7 steals is actually likely to come down a little bit for him. So, uh-oh, high volume, 43 a half percent from the field. Not breaking you yet, and only 79% at the free throw line, 2.8 turnovers. We figured that was gonna be a higher number this year. So Jordan Poole is an interesting one. He's number 95, in 9 cat per game right now, which I think might surprise some people. I I think, there was this feeling that he was actually lower than that, but he did have a better shooting ball game his last time out, and that brought him back inside the top 100. The question we have to ask ourselves on Jordan Poole is, what gets better and what stays the same? With pool, I have to believe the usage goes up. Or maybe it's not even the usage. Maybe it's just the playing time because the wizards are getting blown out every damn ballgame. And you can see it. Those that are watching with us here, you can see the game so far this season for Poole. His minutes are all super duper low because his team is getting spanked. Wizards have had 6 ball games. He's cleared 30 minutes in 2 of them. In those 2 ball games, a win, the Wizards' only win of the year against the Grizzlies. Back on October 28th, he shot 8 for 23 from the field, 4 for 12 from downtown, and had 27 points, 4 boards, 2 assists, a steal and a block, and as we mentioned, 4 3 pointers. 7 out of 9 free throws, which, again, a number we hope comes up for him. And the other one, their most recent game, a loss in Philadelphia, which stayed closer until at least late in 3rd, early in 4th, and Philly kinda opened things up because Embiid went nuts. He scored 23 points with the board, 6 assists, a block, and 4 3 pointers, and 3 out of 3 free throws. I'd love to be able to come on here and tell you guys that I have all the faith in the world that the Wizards start playing all competitive basketball games. Problem is they are really, really bad. The Wizards are real bad. And, like, right now, Jordan Poole is playing fewer minutes with the Wizards per game than he did coming off the bench with the warriors each of the last two seasons. He played 30 minutes a game with the Dubs each of the last two seasons. In fact, he was within 3 seconds. 30 minutes and 2 seconds in 21, 29 minutes, 59 seconds, and 22. And he took 15.6 shots last year, which is the same almost exactly as this season. His free throws are down, quantity and quality. The rebounds are down. Assists are down. The only thing up is steals, and we know that hate holding. So while we know the steals are coming down, I don't know if it's gonna get all the way down to point 8. Maybe it's 1.0, 1.1. It's not gonna be 1.7. And the blocks at 0.7 are also not gonna stay where they are. So we're gonna need a lot out of Jordan Poole to counterbalance the things we know are on their way down. If we assume that the Wizards start playing slightly more competitive ball games, I think we can also assume that means Jordan Poole is gonna get more like 18 shots per game instead of 15. He's taken 18 shots per game twice this year. It wasn't in the 2 competitive games. It was in the season opener and then the one right after that. Since then, he's taken 11, 13, 14, and 15. There's a big learning curve going on in Washington. But what I would also say is I don't think Pool gets all the way back where he was drafted, and I don't think it's super close. Poole was taken around 40 with the hope that he could have so much usage. He would just overwhelm the bad stuff. But right now, if you bring his steals and blocks back to their career norms, you're talking about, like, a a revved up version of Jordan Clarkson, which is 150 or later. So we don't need it and this is what makes it harder. We don't actually need Poole to go from 95 to 40. We really kinda need him to go from 150 to 40 when those defensive stats level off. He to me and the funny thing is he and Cat are right next to each other on the rank board, 94 and 95, but they've gotten there in such wildly different ways. It's Cat being really bad at shooting and a number that you just know is gonna fix itself versus Poole, who's been in a whole bunch of blowouts, has been really, really good defensively. Field goal percent is not that low. We know the free throw number is gonna come up, so at least that will start to counterweight it a little bit. But there's gonna have to be a whole lot of usage. 2, 3, 4 extra shots per game, I believe, to even get him inside the top 60. So while Jordan Poole is probably a by low, I don't think I'm doing it because I don't think I can go I don't think I can get him cheap enough yet. I would wanna be able to get Jordan Poole trading someone away who's in the 60 to 80 range right now or 50 to 80 range right now that I think is gonna fall off a bunch. But I don't think that's gonna get the job done. I don't think somebody's gonna give up Jordan Poole for someone that I think is gonna fall that's in the fifties. Like, Gordon Hayward is 59, but that's not gonna be enough to get you Jordan Poole. It's not gonna be close. The guys in that range, like, the I the guys that are doing slightly better than that, I don't think I would wanna give them up for Jordan Poole. Maybe Mark Williams? Maybe they both end up near 60 at the end of this whole adventure? I don't think I would wanna give up Jalen Duran. I think he's got a shot to be ahead of that, Mark. Dylan Brooks isn't gonna be enough to get it done. I don't think you wanna give up, like, who do we talk about with Kat? Alper and Shangoon? I think I'd rather have Shangoon than Jordan Poole. Felt that way, I think, on draft day. And you guys know I'm not a huge Shangoon guy, but I'm I thought he was getting drafted, like, kind of around where he belonged. But Poole, I didn't think belonged where he was getting drafted. He just kept getting pushed higher and higher and higher. And now I think in a good scenario, he gets back to maybe 60, 65. But how are you gonna be able to convince the person that drafted him to give him up for, I don't know, man, Jalen Johnson and Kelli Oubre together? It's not gonna happen. And then you start to look at underperforming guys. Like, is that gonna make any sense? Are you gonna be able to go get him for Marcus Smart? No. Are you gonna be able to get him for Clint Capela? No. Could you pair some of those guys? Maybe. But now you might be giving up way too much. So I guess if I have to pick between buy or bust, I take bust. The answer to all of these is somewhere in a gray area in the middle, but I don't think he gets back to where he's gonna be, and I don't think the price is low enough on him yet. Whereas, I think maybe you might be able to get Kat at a at a low enough price. Maybe I'm wrong on that one. Maybe you'd have to go higher than I said, but I think it's doable. And our last name on the first ever ever buy or bust segment here on the show is Markelle Fultz, who's hurt right now, so that clouds the analysis a little bit. But it's also worth pointing out that so far this year, Fultz has played in 4 ball games. The first one was a blowout win where he only needed to play 24 minutes. The second one was actually a closer ball game where he got outplayed by the other backcourt guards. Kind of throw those out. I think we can do our analysis on Fultz on the most recent two ball games, the Magic back to back in Los Angeles against the Lakers when he had 14 and 8 with a steal, 2 blocks on 7 out of 16 shooting, and against the Clippers when he had 12 points, 5 boards, only 1 assist, weirdly, and a steal on 6 out of 11 shooting. Roll that stuff together, and you get an iteration of Markelle Fultz that's actually an awful lot like the second half Fultz last year, which for those that forgot, was kind of in between 70a100, sort of bouncing around in that range depending kind of on the week, really. But he was about 15 points, 4 boards, 6 assists, 1.4 steals. I think that's always gonna be a pretty good number for him. About half a block, 51 and change from the field, 84 at the free throw line, which by the way, he's over 1 foul shooting so far this year. So, you know, make of that what you will. It's a very low volume, bad impact free throw. Over 1 means nothing at all. Like, it's gonna show up on the board as bad, but he's missed 1 free throw in 4 ball games. But what do we think happens to the other stuff? Because right now, in his 4 ball games, False is at 11 points, 4 boards, 4 and a half assists, 1.3 steals, and half a block on 50% and then 0 at the free throw line. But, again, you can throw that out. But 2 of those are in the games that were either decided early or he just wasn't playing as well where he averaged 9 points. If you throw those out, he's actually at 13 points, not 11. If you throw out those first two games, it actually doesn't change his assist mark very much, but it does change his rebounds because he had only 6 boards his first two games, and he had 9 boards in his most recent too. And that's just a byproduct of being on the court for normal starters minutes. So I think it's quite reasonable to assume that faults is somewhere between 13 15 points this year, around 4 rebounds, maybe a tiny bit more than that even. I would think somewhere between 46 assists. They do have a lot of guys that can handle the basketball. And 1.3 or more steals and half a block. But where does that get him? Because he doesn't shoot the 3 pointer at all, which is is going to sort of deflate his number. And he's not gonna rack up assists and points. So it's not like he can be a big time elite guy there. The thing that he's really good at is steals. So those have to be there, and I think they will be. But, again, without being a focal point, which I don't think he is, they got plenty of shot guys on the team, that would prefer, I think, to take shots before he does. It does sorta limit what the upside is for Fultz. That said, he's at number 143 right now, partially because he hasn't hit a free throw yet, partially because the numbers are being yanked down by 2 games where he didn't play as much, and partially because, again, he does have that sort of ceiling on how high his numbers can go unless he just magically falls into a bunch more usage. But I would say between buy and bust, my answer is buy on faults. I do think that he still gets back where he was roughly the second half last year. Maybe not all the way there. I had him pegged as, like, around a 90 range 9 cat guy, and he's at a 140 right now. But everything seems to indicate that he should be able to get back to that 90 range. What I don't know is what it would take to get him because you're in this weird spot where you don't wanna overpay. Maybe you could find someone that you think falls back outside the top 100 that's in the seventies eighties right now. That's probably your best pairing, like a I don't think Bogdan Bogdanovic is gonna get it done. Nobody even realizes that he's having this crazy steals start to the year, and I don't think I would go any higher than that. But if you're looking in the seventies eighties, a couple names that jump out are guys like Denny Abdiya, although maybe he profiles as a 90 range guy anyway. PJ Washington, who we've seen all time and again fall outside the top 100, mostly because that field goal percent at 55 is probably not gonna hold for him. Tim Hardaway junior is at 80 right now. You know the 3 pointers are not gonna stick at almost 4 per ball game, and he's not gonna make every single free throw he takes all season long. Grant Williams, who I really have liked so far, but he's also shooting 56%, almost exclusively on 3 pointers. That's not gonna hold. Kevon Looney probably won't get it done. Saddiq Bey at 87 is an intriguing one if you think Jalen Johnson continues to 2 minutes away from him. If you think any of those guys would get you Markelle Fultz, those are the names I think I'd be throwing out there because they are performing better than 90 right now. But I think they fall behind 90, and Fultz catches up with them. So that's kind of the pairings at least that makes sense in my mind. Those are your 3, buy or busts here on the first ever edition of buy or bust. I will say the chat room is open. We're gonna do a little lightning round here. I have a couple of minutes because we're only doing one podcast today. Actually, that's not true. The Bruschi secret show is sometime this afternoon, but that one won't be a super duper long one. I will say again, here's the Discord link. Throw that up on the screen. It is in the show description. And if you wanna get on the mailing list to get the link to the secret Besseperis Brewski podcast, the only way to do it is to sign up at this link that I just put on the screen. If you're listening after the fact, we've been tweeting it out over at at Dan Besseperis over at, ethos fantasybk. I'm gonna try to remember to put it in the show description, but I'm probably gonna forget unless I actually physically do it right this second. But I can't because I'm doing too many things at the same time. Oopsies. What are you gonna do? And then, of course, also, please take a moment to hit that like button. Remind you again here, mid show. Subscribe. Please subscribe. Come on. I know there's new folks that are coming in. Subscribe. We got good stuff going on around here, whether it's the show or the pod or whatever. Alright. Let's do a few questions before we wrap things up. What are your thoughts on D'Anthony Melton, Josh Hart, and Christian Wood? Would you drop Scoot for any of them? This is roto question. Head to head, I think I yeah. I mean, these guys are gonna be better than Scoot for the next 3 months. You might regret the Scoot drop in, like, February when he starts to get to do all the stuff in Portland, but it's not gonna be super soon. I have I I feel bad about telling anybody to drop Scoot because he's gonna be really interesting in a couple of months. So it's it comes down to how long you can sit on him. In roto, I would prefer to have any of those guys over him right now. Hart is the one where you feel like maybe there's enough upside to to make the swap. I don't know about upside for Wood or Melton right now, but you're probably best served just sitting on him. If guys like Hart, Melton, and Wood are on the waiver wire, that means that decent guys are gonna be floating around. None of them have the, you know, January, February, March potential that Scoot does. Daniel Gafford or PJ Washington? Give me Gafford. Roto side, definitely Gafford. Head to head, it's a little tighter. I think I'll still go Gafford. What is Kyle Kuzma's rest of season outlook? Do I think he keeps this up? No. I don't think he keeps up 50% shooting from the field. He's never been a 50% field goal guy. He's also at 80% at the free throw line. So percentage is likely to come down. Big usage is likely to stay high. He probably falls from around 50 range where he is right now, and 9 cap maybe back towards the 80 to 100 zone. So a little bit of a sell high, but not by a ton. Daniel Gafford or Derek Lively, rest of season. Give me Gafford. He still has no competition really. RJ Barrett is available on the wire. Do I drop Wood, Moe Wagner, Spencer Dinwiddie? Not in a category league. RJ Barrett will destroy your poor team. Points league, you can drop, Wagner or Wood for Barrett. But category leagues, no. You just leave him on the wire because he's horrible in category formats. What do you think about pairing Simons or Vassell with somebody in a trade for Jalen Brunson? It's hard to pair off injured guys and trade up. Just telling you, man. I don't think any of those guys get it done. I know Brunson's been slumping a bit to start the year, but can't trade away an injured guy and expect to get somebody better. It's not gonna happen. Get the thought out of your head, and then you'll have an easier time accepting the reality. Naz Reed or Walker Kessler tonight? Well, it sounds like Kessler is doubtful, so you probably gotta go Naz Reed. Donovan Mitchell and Gordon Hayward for Anthony Edwards and Devin Vassell. Which side do you like? I think I like this the Donovan Mitchell side. I Anthony Edwards has been really, really, really good, and he's still number 34 because, well, because the defensive stats haven't really been there yet. But I also think the 52% shooting and 83% foul stuff, those things come down a little bit, and, Donovan Mitchell's number 2. It's just he's he's in a class of his own in this particular trade. Should I start Jacob Pirtle or Mark Williams today? If if pressure to chew us in, that makes the decision a lot easier because then you're definitely going Mark. I think I'll go Mark Williams anyway. Max Strouse versus Cole Anthony in a Roto League. Give me Strouse. Either of them worth playing tonight. Cavaliers are in Oklahoma City. I think you could you could probably sit on it. Yeah. Go ahead and sit on it. Would you trade Gordon Hayward and Ben Simmons for Nick Claxton? Yes. How about Freddy Van Fleet and Gordon Hayward for Kat? No. I don't think I would. I think Freddie is we haven't seen any steals yet from VanVleet. He's a big steals guy, and he's at 0.5. He's gonna have a few he's gonna have a week where he gets, like, 14 steals, and that number is gonna jump to 1a half. And I I still think there's a decent shot. He beats cat per game, but also they're probably just gonna be really close. So little bit of an overpay. Hey, Dan. Who should be dropped if Duran plays today among my Kobe White, Kyle Anderson, Moe Wagner? You could drop Kobe or Moe. I don't really care there. Probably Kobe White. Now it's head to head, so he's a little bit more useful there. Nah. Nah. Just go Wagner. You know he's a streamer at best anyway. Mike Conley versus New Orleans, Milton versus Boston, or Manuel Quickley versus San Antonio for today. I don't know, man. That's a DFS question, and I am not the best at DFS. I'm would probably lean Conley just for the safety of it all, but is it the right decision to trade away Tyrese Maxey for Kyrie? Yeah. I'm good. I think I answered this one yesterday, actually. Points league. Jared Allen and Klay Thompson for Jaylen Duran and Trey Jones. I don't think trading away Jared Allen's a good move right now. He's he's still having his minutes ramped up, so I'm gonna say no. Hey, Dan. Love your show. Listening at work now in New Zealand. Awesome. Outstanding. We are at work now? Isn't it, like, it's, like, 4 in the morning? No. That's not right. 2:2:3 in the morning, something like that? What the what the hell is the time in New Zealand right now? I'm gonna look it up. Time in New Zealand. Oh, 7:30 AM? How is that possible? You're 3 hours no. That can't be right. Is that really right? Isn't that the safe that's like the time in Hawaii right now. That seems nuts. Now I'm obsessed with time zones again. Would you trade Jalen Johnson to get Keegan Murray? No. Should I accept Cam Thomas for Freddie VanVleet? I get VanVleet. Yes. Greetings from Denmark. What do you think about the trade? Cade and Brook Lopez for Scottie Barnes and Cam Thomas in a points league. Cam Thomas is likely to see a pretty stark drop off at some point here, but he's a big part of what they're doing right now. Scottie Barnes has been crazy. I think I'm oh, man. I might go sheesh. I might go to Scottie Barnes, Cam Thomas side, believe it or not. Yahoo made Cam Johnson available now. Who's the drop for a streaming spot? Brogden, Jaylen Johnson, or Derek Lively? Probably Lively? Should I trade Cade, DeRozan, and Dejounte for Trey, Holmgren, and Reeves in a point league? Oh my god. I have no idea. This is too much for a live show question. Sorry, dude. 3 for threes, that's a bit much. Am I yeah. There we go. Would you hold Gary Trent junior or is he a drop? He's probably a drop. Jaylen Brown for Karl Anthony Towns. I think I might go Towns. Yeah. Give me Towns on that one. We'll go Towns. Someone wants to trade me cat for Paola Banchero and Onyeka Okonwu. Yes. You take cat for goodness gracious. Okonwu or Markelle Fultz? I'm gonna go Okonwu on that one. I just sold Deandre Ayton for McHale Bridges. That's fine. Yeah. I think I'd rather have McHale Bridges. Good trade. Kobe White or Jalen McDaniels in 9 cat? It's Jalen by a little bit. Booker or Trae Young rest of season? Probably Booker. Just strict rankings, it's Booker. Needed a center. I traded Freddy VanVleet for Vooch. I think we'll both will get better. How did I do is basically the question here. I think I'd rather have VanVleet. But if you needed a center, you needed a center. Will PJ Washington still be relevant once Bridges returns? Relevant. Yes. But he's also sort of running hot right now. So, I would expect PJ to fall just outside the top 100, like, sort of the usual. Should I sell Brook Lopez or Tyus Jones? No. I think I'd rather have Brook. Higher upside between Caris LeVert and Christian Wood. I don't know that either one of them has super high upside, but I go Christian Wood because we know Anthony Davis is gonna miss games at some point. And that's when you get to sort of cash in on the Christian Wood stuff. Would you sell Ayton for Jalen Brunson? Only if you need a guard. I think they end up pretty close to each other, actually. DeMar and Clint Capela for Tyrese Maxey. Pretty fair deal. Probably slightly into the Maxey side. Where do you think Mike Conley and PJ Washington end the year? Conley around a 100, PJ around a 110. That is my best educated guess, but everybody's so damn close in that range. Who should I drop once CJ McCollum is back? Well, you're getting way out in front of this one, man. Your team might look totally different in a month and a half. Malcolm Brogdon, Marcus Smart, or Freddie Van Leed, or D'Angelo Russell. It's probably Malcolm Brogdon. Would you trade PJ Washington for Jalen Johnson? Yes. Do I accept a trade that would get me Trae Young for my Cam Thomas? Yes. Get Trae Young there. Marcus Smart, Jordan Poole, or Zach Collins, who do I start tonight? Out of those 3, you probably go Jordan Poole and then pray. I know. Oh, our New Zealand friend confirms it. It is actually 7:30 AM there. What's the time in Hawaii right now? 8:30. What? That's crazy. New Zealand and Hawaii are 1 hour apart right now? I got a Google time zone map. I know that, like, laterally what's that? Is that longitudinal or or latitude? I guess it's laterally. It's probably probably latitude. I get that, like, you know, east west New Zealand, Hawaii are not that far apart, but it's kind of crazy that they're 1 hour depth difference. Man, this is wild. Alright, New Zealanders. I guess we can hang out a whole lot more these days. Thank you daylight saving time. Anyhoo, Scottie Barnes for Chet Holmgren. Is Chet a good enough target? I mean, you're you're buying high and selling high, but, sure, I don't care. You can go either way on that one. You're in pretty good shape. I think I would probably look at someone else who's maybe not likely to see some kind of dip, but, yeah, it's fine. Tyler Herro or Niko Vucevic? Let's go Vooch on this one. Hero's been really, really good. I just I can't see this this pace holding all year, especially the steals. But, yeah, I'll go Vooch by a nose. Cooked or raw sushi rolls. I'm not a big sushi guy. I I don't know if you guys have seen the episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm where Larry David walks into a Japanese restaurant and everyone inside yells chicken teriyaki at the same time at him. I'm a little bit that. So, cooked is the choice there because I'm not a I'm not a raw fish guy. My wife hates it, hates me for that because she loves sushi more than anything, and we don't get it very often because I just you know what? I really it's not that I hate fish raw fish all that much. I really don't like seaweed. I freaking hate seaweed. It's gross. Someone at a recent sushi meal was telling me that they make a a rice wrap instead of seaweed. I would be willing to give that a very strong try because I I just I can't stand the the the texture. I can't stand the aftertaste of seaweed. So just sushi on rice, I know that like, sashimi, I'm actually kind of okay with that. It's not my favorite, but it doesn't turn me off the way that an actual seaweed so, like, a hand roll? Oh god. Or the the what what's the one that are, like, in the big funnel? I think that's the the hand roll. Right? Those are so much seaweed. Ben Simmons or Tyus Jones? I'll go Tyus. Is Scoot worth a first waiver priority on the wire? I'm gonna say no. He's hurt, and it's gonna take him a while to acclimate. Do you think Josh Giddey is a by low? I don't. I mean, he's sort of a by low, but he's also, I think, a bust. And he was on my bust list prior to the season starting because he's going at 60. He finished last year at, like, a 110, and it wasn't like his role was gonna get bigger with Chet Holmgren coming around. I gotta wrap it up, guys. We're at an hour 12 now. Would you trade Jakob Poeltl and Keegan Murray for Zach LaVine? Yes. Deandre Ayton and Derek White or Cat? Give me Ayton and Derek White. I I I think it's a bit of an overpay for Kat there. Someone keeps asking the same question about Ayton for McHale Bridges. I answered that question. McHale, by a little bit. Why is Hart in ad? He played 30 minutes off the bench, and last year in New York when he was playing 30 bench minutes, he was a top 65 play. And we have to believe that if that's the role that he now falls himself finds himself in, that he's an easy top 90 with some upside. So that's the Josh Hart answer. Who's a good big to target for Tyus Jones? Nobody right now because Tyus is, underperforming at present, scoring only 10 points per game because like Jordan Poole, he can't get himself into a damn competitive basketball game. No. That's not right. Is he at 12? Make sure I get the numbers right on Tyus Jones. 11 points per game, but he's playing only 26 and a half minutes per night. So if they get into these competitive ball games, it stands to reason that his stuff is just going to slowly get higher because he's like a solid 20% fewer minutes than he would be getting in a normal length ball game. Add 20% to everything he's doing right now. He goes from number 104 to probably number 70 something, then you wanna sell, or just ride it. It's November 9th now in New Zealand, November 8th in Hawaii, which is crazy. Yeah. That's that's absolutely nuts because you got the international date line in between those two spots. That boggles the mind, man. Like, you fly just a little bit. Like, they're they're separated by 1 hour but an entire day. So, technically, they're separated by 23 hours, but that's just crazy every time. Jalen Williams was dropped in my league. Should I drop Brogdon or Smart? Drop Brogdon. Jalen Williams should not be dropped. That's crazy. Last question. Have you seen any news on Jose Alvarado? I have not. And I think some of you are getting back to your workday anyway. That's it. Lots of questions. We're not gonna be able to do all of them every time, but figured what the hell? My voice is starting to come back and, you know, only one show this morning. Secret show with Brew this afternoon. Make sure to sign up for the email list so you get the link of when that weird one is going out. Brew and I are gonna talk about all sorts of random crap. Movies, TV shows, life, kids, some fantasy basketball. It is a completely unscripted weirdo show. I think you guys are all have, a ball. Find me on Twitter at Dan Vesbrus. I expect you guys will all locate it over there at danbesbris. I will see you on social or Discord or just our next show here on the YouTube. Later for now, everybody.