Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Christy, I need to switch up my wardrobe a little bit more. I think I wore this shirt on a show not that long ago, but it doesn't matter. What's happening, everybody? It's blow time here on Fantasy NBA Today. It's week 8. And I gotta say, gets a little bit tougher every week to come up with those names. Little bit tougher every week because the say the great settling, the great leveling has occurred. But don't worry. We have a few left in the hopper, and lately, we have been churning out some serious profit. It doesn't always work like that. Now sometimes you and and this was the case for us a little bit earlier in the season. We had, like, say, a Jaren Jackson junior and OG Aninobi on the list 3 weeks ago, and their turnaround was not immediate. If you bought low on jjj, it took another week and a half for things to start to get going right. It took for OG, it took until, like, 2 games ago for things to start cooking in the right direction. But luckily, they have turned. And what we're gonna do here first, we're gonna recap where things have been for our by lows over the last couple of weeks. And then we'll turn our attention to a few new names we can throw up on the board. I am Dan Vesperis. Make that bigger for you guys watching so you can see it. There's the handle at Dan Vesperis on social media. Please do take a moment to find me over on Twitter, and please take a moment to like, subscribe, and if you're listening after the fact on traditional pod channels, please take a moment to drop a 5 star review. Let's start looking at some of these names here. And, again, we're we're gonna look at it, sort of from the back forward, which I say it out loud, and I realize that was sort of odd nomenclature. But let's start with what's been going on on our board lately. First of all, Jaren Jackson junior, Jalen Williams, Julius Rand are all up big, basically, since the last time we looked in on some of our by low recs. Julius Randle took off immediately. That was a a pretty easy one because he was shooting, like, 39%, and you knew that wasn't gonna hold all year. He's still only up to a 158 overall on the season. But over the last 2 weeks, things have improved dramatically. He's a top 35 play over that stretch while suiting 60%, which again, that's not a sustainable number. But you knew a good stretch was coming after such a prolonged quiet span. Jaren Jackson junior is top 20 over the last 2 weeks. On average, it's a 24 and a half points, 50% shooting, not an insane number there, but now he's up to 3.3 defensive stats over that stretch. He's raised his number into the sixties on the season. And Jalen Williams, who his turnaround has not been quite as stark. He's number 76 over the last 2 weeks, but he's better than that over the last one week where things really started to improve for him. He's pushed his way up a couple slots on the board as well. That's been a nice, series of wins. Arguably, the biggest win we've had over the last week is OG Aninobi who jumped from number 1 13 to number 82 over the last, like, about a week, which is weird because the week before that, he kinda didn't do anything. He was, like, top 90, a 100 range. In fact, he might have even slipped a spot or 2, but he's number 28 over his last 3 ball games. Again, small sample, but you always knew these better games were coming. The steals haven't even really fully come around for him yet, but other things are starting to look more like the guy we know. He's working his way up the board. Some of these buys are starting to cash in. We do have three names that didn't really move over the last week. DeMar DeRozan, who, is having a strange time with hitting free throws. I still can't fully understand that one. Over the last week, he's taking 12 free throws a ball game, but he's only hitting 78% of them. He's only shooting 39% from the field over that stretch. He's averaging 30 points and 8 assists, but the percentages are just not where you expect them to be. And the beauty of DeMar is that they'll come around. I don't know why it's taking longer this year. I don't know why he's at 44 and 80 when we expected him to be in the high forties and the mid eighties. But, eventually, they'll start to tick that way. And I've heard folks say, oh, well, maybe he's just washed now. Fine. Okay. Fine. If you wanna put the field goal percent lower than before, that's fine. You could do that. But even if just the free throw percent comes up, he jumps past his ADP and makes him a pretty easy buy opportunity. Again, Cam Johnson, kind of nothing there. He's been a a total nothing story. He'll be fine. And then Walker Kessler, who's now back out again right after he got moved into the starting lineup, which is kind of amazing because he was about to go crazy and then, ended up dinged up here, and that's pushed him back down a tad. Yeah. You know, he's up to 29 minutes a game prior to that. If you can get him, now is your last chance to do it. Truly the last chance. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. What else do we got going on here? That's not the only one, believe it or not. We got another short recap. Keegan Murray was on our buy board. He's up 10 spots over the last week. Zach LaVine sadly was on a buy board 2 weeks ago, and, then he got ruled out for another month. So that one's turning out to be a very bad recommendation. Hopefully, he gets traded before then. That would then fix that recommendation, but for now, that one is headed the wrong direction. But let's get into some new name. Oh, sorry. These are the repeat guys. These are the guys that I think you can still, cash in on. Kegan Murray, I think, is still gonna go higher. Tomorrow, we just talked about Cam Johnson, Walker Kessler, and also Jaylen Brown, who was on our BILO board, I think, 2 or 3 weeks ago. And he's just been kinda slowly working his way up. He was, like, 96 or 97, I think, on that board, and now he's up around 80 overall. And it's just gonna keep very quietly working towards where he'll probably end up, which is more in that, like, 40 to 65 range depending on where his percentages settle, where his usage settles. There are more options on that team, which makes it a little harder for him to find as much stuff to do. Still plenty. Still 18 and a half shots a game, but the free throw number is really low for Jalen right now. Field goal could also come back up a little. If and when they do, I think that's how he continues to move up the board and why he's on the repeat buys. Let's get into our 3 new names for this week. First of them is Damian Lillard, who's in a funky funk shooting slump right at the moment that's pushed him down to number 21 on the season. 42%, pretty high volume from the field 17 field goal attempts, 92% high high volume at the free throw line is kinda carrying his numbers. But a lot of this stuff for Dame is fine. 25 points, 7 assists, a steal, 4 and a half boards, 33 pointers a game. Usage is not surprisingly down because he's playing next to Giannis Antetokounmpo. But that 42% from the field is a number that in my eyes is going to work its way back up. And why am I confident of that? Well, it was just there, like, a week and a half ago. Also, we know enough about Dame over the years to know that he hasn't shot this poorly outside of his oblique plagued 29 game season 2 years ago since all the way back in 2015. And it sort of just doesn't make any sense. And if you're like, oh, no. Shot profile. Well, last year, more than half of his shots were threes, and he still shot 46%. And he's done that a couple of times recently where half of his shots were threes, and he shot 46, 44, 45 percent from the field. And this year, he's down to 42. I don't think the scoring is getting back up into the high twenties to low thirties simply because he's not gonna need to take 19 to 21 shots a game. Seventeen could end up the tiniest bit higher, but I don't know that we can even really bank on that because the free throws are also, extraordinarily high. One of the highest numbers he's had in his entire career, so that's soaking up some of his usage as well. And so I think what you need to rely on also, again, looking at the assists being as high as they are, pretty similar to what he's been doing in Portland. The steals are normal. The blocks are normal. The turnovers are normal. The only thing you're looking at right now is the field goal percent. But luckily, because he's a high volume guy, the difference between 42% from the field and 44 or 45% is actually fairly notable when it comes down to his actual fantasy value. Turning that big negative into a smallish or medium negative, basically, kind of the same amount that CJ McCollum is sitting at right now, is actually a pretty big bump. That probably moves Dame from where he is right now to, like, number 18 or 17. And then with it, you call and also forget this, it drags the scoring up as well. An extra whatever it is, you know, one out of 17 shots per game is probably a little a little bit bigger than the number you're looking at, like half of that. It's part of a 3 pointer, small fraction, but, you know, it's fractions of a point, and it all just slowly floats together. Now how do you acquire a guy like Dame is probably the harder question here because it's already hard enough to get a big name player like that. What would you have to give up to get him? You kinda have to look at the board around Dame and see which players are potentially around him but headed the wrong way. Someone like a Karl Anthony Towns might get it done. He's number 29. He's behind name, but maybe somebody somebody's frustrated with Lillard's Port field goal percent. So I think that's a name that you could probably throw out there. I don't think I would because James Harden is actually on the rise right now. You know, you look at the last couple of weeks, and he's beating him. The other guys in front of Dame that maybe are headed the wrong way would be someone like a Devin Booker. Bradley Beal is back for the Suns tonight. Kevin Durant is still out, so we're still not quite at the, okay. These guys have to share it three ways portion of the proceedings. I really like what Paul George has done this year, but remember he got off to a top 6 start. And then over the last, call it, like, 3 to 4 weeks, Paul George has been more like a top 35 to 50 range dude because the field goal percent and steals have kinda come down. Now that could bounce back up a little bit, but in my eyes, it still feels like Dame probably passes him before the season's done. LeBron's been on a crazy heater lately, especially in defensive stats, threes and field goal percent. He's a guy that probably starts to taper at some point. We started to see it happen, and then he went crazy for, like, 2 games, and he blew his value right back up through the roof. Anthony Simons is off to an absurd start to his year, shooting a 100% at the free throw line. Like, if you think he finishes the year with a better field goal impact number than Dame, I gotta bridge to sell you. The other stuff with Simon's, like, the low field goal percent probably sticks. I don't know about the 30 points per game. Because remember, most of the games he's played right now have been without Brogdon, without Jeremy Grant, without Deandre Ayton. I think he played with most of those guys on the 1st game of the year. You know, Zymes isn't gonna be able to keep doing what he's been doing here lately. I I doubt that'd be enough. Maybe you could use him and pair him up with, like, a top 40 guy to get Dame if you're going 2 for 1 edition. I don't think I'd give up more than that. You know, most of the other names on the board could probably net you more. Like, Tyrese Maxey at this point could probably get you more than Dame, which seems insane to say, like, 4 weeks ago, but it's probably the case. Markkanen, if he wasn't hurt, would be someone I would think about throwing out there for Lillard. Scottie Barnes, maybe. I don't think you're cashing in quite enough there. I don't know that there's actually, like, a margin of profit. So my favorites are probably Booker before he has to play with 2 other stars, PG, who's been very slowly trending downward, Braun, who at some point is gonna miss some games here, and also, like, the I just I can't imagine he keeps up this level of efficiency. We're talking about one of the maybe the most efficient season of his entire career happening at age 39. McCollum's not gonna get it done, but maybe you could pair him with Anthony Simons. Desmond Bane is right around him. That's another guy you could maybe pair up, and, those are the guys that I think I would consider trying to put together in a package for Lillard. This stuff on the board that I've I've gotten a couple questions about what it actually means. We talk about the sort of, for those that are watching for those that are listening, I'll I'll read it aloud. I listed the current 9 cat rank for Dame, which on Yahoo is 25 on Basketball Monster. I think it's 21 or 22. My end target is somewhere between 15 18, and the buy low price is 20. Meaning, what can you get for to or or pair up guys if you need to to create a a player valued around 20? Next player on the list is Jared Allen, who we actually had on on this board, like, a month and a half ago before he was getting his minutes ramped up. And then he cashed in on that, and now he's tapered off again mostly because of foul trouble. He's had a couple of ball games in a row where I think it's 2 straight or 2 of the last 3, if we should dig in on that, or possibly 3 in a row. No. 2 of the last 3, he's been in intense foul trouble. The other one, he just it wasn't as great of a ball game, and his team was in was kinda coasting along. But you have this weird artificial deflation going on. He hasn't blocked a shot in the last 4 games in a row, but 2 of those, he's played under 20 minutes because of fouls. Last game, he played 15 total minutes in Orlando, fouled out 4.7 born. So he's in a deep lull right now, and whoever's rostering him might be feeling kind of annoyed by that. Beauty of it is you, we we all know better than to buy into a 3 game lull and how that can impact somebody's rank. Jared Allen at 83 on basketball monster, 97 on Yahoo, such as the, you know, differences between some of the rank boards. It does kinda change the what you're hunting for, but I still think he can get up to number 65 or higher on the season. And I think you could probably get him for someone around 80 to 85 on either board, depending on what type of player you're looking at. I would have said Jalen Duran, but he's out for another week and a half at least with his ankle thing. Jabari Smith has been kind of on the rise, but I'm pretty sure I'd rather have Jared Allen. Looking at guys that maybe are slightly behind him, who gets it done. Kobe White's been running crazy hot with Zach LaVine out, but now we're hearing that the Bulls might actually try to add players. So he would be an interesting sell high. You could probably even aim higher. Buddy Heel is a sell high. Boy on Bogdanovic would be my favorite of the bunch. If he could get you Jared Allen, I would do it in a heartbeat. Kuzma, who's fallen to number 94, I mean, like, I get it. You guys seem to think something magical is gonna happen there, but we know the percentages are what they are. Let's see who else is in that range that's probably headed down instead of up. But I guess that's kind of the board in terms of guys headed down. You're not gonna get Jared Allen for Eric Gordon. Whatever board you're looking at, it can be pretty different. Like we said, Basketball Monster has him higher than Yahoo. Yahoo's got him at 97. Basketball Monster at 83. If you can get him for someone like we just talked about, I think that'd be a pretty good range and just assume that his minutes are gonna be a little more consistent. I guess we can't promise that they're gonna be more consistent, but it sure feels like it. If based on nothing else than the fact that 2 or 3 low minute, foul plagued games can really impact what your overall numbers are when you're only 18. I think he said it's 18 games into the season. That's what he's at right now. Alright. Let's do one more name. I know, again, like I said, it's been getting a little harder to dig up names. This one is a strange one. It requires more explanation, and the player is Azar Thompson, who you may all remember I had on my cell high board 3 weeks ago when he was rolling, and he was just starting to show signs of cooling off. And we had him on our cell high board, and then, like, 3 days later, he got benched. And I would love to come out and say that I'm the smartest person on Earth, but I'm not. I'm not. I mean, maybe I am, but I'm not. But am I? No. I'm not. All that's a joke. I'm obviously not. Thing is, I didn't know he was gonna get benched. I had no idea that that's what was coming next. I figured he was just running out of gas. Rookie coming out, playing like gangbusters, all of the adrenaline, high flying steals, blocks, rebounds, all this stuff that's, like, pure energy stats for a guy that has not lived through an NBA season. There was there was a pretty easy call to just assume he was going to hit a wall. What I didn't know is that the coach was actually gonna be the one to slam the wall right in front of him. Whammo. He saw the wall. It was coming. It was down the lane, and he was slowing down as he approached it. And then Monty Williams was just like, you know what? Let's just bring this wall super close without, actually telling him. And let's make sure his eyes are closed when it happens, and then smack o right into it. And in that moment, I even put it on Twitter. I said, you know, the funny thing is I just had him as a sell high, but now with his benching, he probably flips over to a buy low. And sure as heck, he was a buy low. Not because he's gonna magically do something better, but because now we've seen a couple guys go down for the Pistons, and then Thompson got dropped right back into the starting lineup. How does this all get sort of cinched together? Because it's a complicated tale. Not to mention the fact that he probably ends up back on the bench when Jaylen Duren comes back, might even end up on the bench when Marvin Bagley comes back, which, you know, makes you shutter and sends a cold chill up your spine. Maybe he sticks in the starting 5. Maybe. I don't think we can promise it. The price range to acquire Thompson and what I put on the YouTube slide for those that are listening is a pickup? Because he got dropped in a lot of spots. And I understand it. He was doing nothing. He moved to the bench and did nothing. And in that moment, it was like, alright. Well, this is the opportunity of a lifetime because at some point, this dude's gonna get to play again. We've seen him. He's legitimately good enough to play at the NBA level already, but there's an energy element at play here. Can you pick them up right now? I don't know. I don't know how many leagues you got dropped in. Some. I don't trust the Yahoo ownership numbers. That's cockamamie. You know, you got deep leagues mixed in. You got points leagues mixed in. You got 8 cap mixed in. You got crapper leagues mixed in. That that that thing doesn't really answer any kind of questions for us. Only you know. First of all, check your wafer wire. If he's out there, you should probably pick him up because this kid has an incredibly bright future. If he's rostered, right at this moment is a very hard time to buy low because he did just drop into the starting lineup and have one good ballgame. It kinda ruined this this segment for us, but I want you guys to be aware of what could happen here in the not too distant future. And what that is is guys come back for the Pistons, Thompson gets moved back to the bench, then he becomes that by low again. Because no one's gonna trust him playing 16 minutes off the bench, but that's just not gonna last forever. It simply can't. He creates a spacing issue, and that's why they want Bojan Bogdanovic in there as often as humanly possible. But, also, this team is awful, and Thompson was fun. And at certain point, you kinda have to go fun. If you're gonna be awful, you might as well be awful and interesting. Awful and boring is the absolute worst. I don't think Thompson is gonna have a knock your socks off, eyes bug out of your head kind of season. Not this year at least. Maybe next year, possibly. Or could it be the year after that? I don't know. I mean, the you know, trying to grade out how a player's development happens is pretty complicated. What we do know is that you'll get another look at some point. And when he does, it feels like top 100 is a pretty reasonable range for him based on defensive stats and rebounding. And, you know, as long as he's got the energy to do it, that's where you're hunting for. But what would it take to get him right now? Honestly, I don't know. That's unfortunately where I can't really fill in the blank on this particular one. Because what are you gonna do? You're gonna give up someone in the 115 range? I don't think the the if somebody on your in your league is still hanging on to Thompson, they're probably not gonna give him up for some warm waiver wire type of guy. They're not gonna give him up for Josh Hart. They're not gonna give him up for an injured Marcus Smart or I don't know. Maybe they give him up for Gordon Hayward, who's been better lately with LaMelo out. LaMelo's not that far away. Maybe you could sell a high on a guy like Hayward, and he might very well be on our sell high show tomorrow. Just things to think about. What would it take? Who would be more interesting for your team, like, 3 weeks from right now? Problem, of course, is that if you pick up Thompson today and that's why this is sort of not a super accurate name to put on the board. If you get him right now, you're knowing that there's gonna be another, I would think, pretty significant dip before things eventually get back to a decent spot. So calling him a true by low is inaccurate. That's why I want everybody to make sure they're paying attention to what I'm saying. You don't need to go by low on him right now. He's a player that I just wanted us all to really be focused on because his value bottomed, and it's probably gonna bottom again before it actually gets consistently decent. If you could pick him up, you consider it, knowing that you may end up dropping him again at some point. Right now, he's more of, like, an on and off waiver wire type of guy. But there's gonna come a point this year where it's gonna be worthwhile, and I just wanted to make sure we're not behind that. And, also, this is his opportunity, you know, with the different guys injured, it's less so. But right before that happened, this is an opportunity to look at this player and say, I know this guy can play, and I know this guy can do fantasy stuff. How can I get my hands on him the easiest way possible? Right now, I think the answer to that is to wait. Don't buy him right this second. Wait until guys start to come back. He starts to lose that gig again, and then you can make your move and pounce. And that is our buy low list for this week. I know it wasn't super outstanding. They're gonna get harder. Every week, they're gonna get harder to put this one together. Damian Lillard, that's your first name on that board. Again, I know it's, like, it's not perfect because there's just, like there's such little wiggle room there. And then Jared Allen is probably the easier one, and then Azar Thompson is your don't necessarily go by him right this second. But just understand that there's gonna be this little upswing with everybody hurt, and then there's gonna be the dip. That's the point where you wanna strike to think about just kinda strategize the attack. Alright. Okay. I think we're all clear on that. I'm Dan Vesperis at Dan Vesperis on social media. Come hang with us in Discord. The Sports Ethos Discord is is free. It's wonderful. Everybody's answering each other's questions. We're all having a damn blast over there. That link is in the show description. Just go find it. Super simple. A lot of good stuff actually is in the show description, including a link to manscaped.com where you can get 20% off and free shipping with promo code ETHOS 20. Get your Hanukkah and Christmas presents for the hairy man in your life at manscaped.com with promo code again. That is ETHOS, ETHOS20. 20% off. Free shipping atmanscape.com. Sportsethos.com, the website, ethos fantasybk. This is Fantasy NBA Today, 2 for Tuesday. In the books, we'll see you guys again tomorrow with another, maybe double. See you then.