Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. It's pilot time for week 5 on the pod. Get yourself fired up to go make some deals and squeeze out some extra value. Welcome, one and all, to Fantasy NBA Today. I am your host, Dan Vesperis. Thanks as always for hanging out with us. This was seemingly a pretty big hit last week, so we're gonna do another buy low segment after, we had a few that cashed in almost right away, actually. Brook Lopez, probably the largest of the names on last week's by low list that rocketed up the board. He's down number 38 in 9 cat after sitting in the nineties last week. That type of jump, well, doesn't usually happen in 1 week, but we just knew because the field goal percent is now up to 45 instead of 39. The blocks have held steady. The free throw percent is up to 79 instead of in the low seventies. And these little things, even without a ton of extra usage, we knew would shift bodies up the board, and those are just the types of guys that we're gonna be looking for here on today's episode. Please, before we dive into all the names on the list, I think I have 5 of them, including a couple of repeat offenders that we might even be able to get. Well, one of them cheaper, one of them actually slightly more expensive. Before we dive into the names on today's board, please, everybody, take just 2 seconds to flick at at that like button, that subscribe button, however you're taking in this podcast. Subscriptions go a long, long way. So, come on over. Hang out with us a bit more permanently. Find me on social media at Danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s, or just Google search Dan from Sports Ethos or Dan from Hoop Ball, and you guys can find me just fine over there. Let's get to the names on the board. Here it is. The Bilo leak list for week 5. I know this sort of, remedial PowerPoint presentation that you guys get to look at, but at least the graphics are clear. Name number 1 is a repeat offender from last week. It's Jaren Jackson junior who showed a couple signs of life over the last week. But overall, his rank actually dropped, believe it or not, mostly because his field goal percent dropped. The other stuff held fairly steady week over week, but his field goal percent is down to now 43.2%. His defensive stats have remained at half of what they were last year. Half. And that's a big drop for someone whose value was fairly well tied up in defensive stats. Remember last season, jjj was at 3 blocks per game. Very, very good. One steal per game for a big man power forward center, also very good. This year, 1.6 blocks, basically cut in half. Steals, 0.5, almost exactly cut in half. Field goal percent is down from 50a half to 43 as we mentioned, which, again, I don't know that we can necessarily guarantee the field goal percent comes back because last year was the more anomalous number for him. He had never been up in that stratosphere while also being a guy who took a bunch of 3 pointers. So let's assume, for argument's sake, that Jay Jay does not get his field goal percent back up. I still think we can assume that the defensive stats loop around a little bit. Maybe not all the way to 4 per game. This was sort of the, like, why would you draft someone like that in the 1st round whose value is so heavily tied in one category? But even if it gets back to some fraction of it instead of a a half or less, which is what we're sitting on right now is almost right around 50%, you've gotta figure that those blocks and steals come up a little bit, especially because his minutes are actually the biggest they've ever been. So even if the rate comes down, the how many minutes how many opportunities he has on the floor comes up. And it's also possible, by the way, that when Ja Morant comes back, this team might actually utilize him for what he's good at more. Maybe you don't need to take so many shots. Maybe you don't need to be more this volume guy. And we may be seeing an instance of it doesn't happen very often. Usage does not equate to value. It almost always does. 90, 95 percent of the time, but one out of every 10, one out of every 15 or 20 players, it's actually better when they're doing less. And j j j may be turning out to be one of those guys. So on the board, his current 9 cats season rank is around is in the sixties depending on what board you're looking at. 64 on some, 65, 66 on others. That's generally the range right now. I still think that if his defensive stats get back to some range around what we're hunting, he can still get up into the 2nd round. And maybe we could even say if we wanna say top 30 instead of top 24, that's also probably fair. The nice thing about j j j is because he didn't really make any progress over the last 7 days, you can probably get him for a little bit cheaper now. Where last week, we talked about picking him up for, like, a 30 to 35 range guy. This week, you can probably try throwing out someone maybe near 40. And it's gonna have to be a big name near 40. Dejounte Murray is at 41. That's a big name near 40. Miles Turner at 43 is a similar player to jjj. Maybe you can try to flip one for the other if somebody's annoyed that Miles isn't getting maximum minutes right now. It may change your team makeup a little bit, but someone like an Alper and Shangoon who's scoring a lot of points. But I I don't think folks have really noticed that he and j j j are scoring within, like, one point of each other. Shangoon's advantage over Jaren Jackson is largely in the assists department, but I don't think he's catching him in defensive stats anytime soon. Nick Claxton, who is gonna be a big time defensive stats guy, but he's gonna wear your free throw percent down. Maybe not a big enough name, but someone you could consider. Someone like a Jalen Brunson who's working his way up the board. He was a little bit of a buy low recently, but now he's kinda worked his way back into closer to where we assume he's gonna be. Maybe still a little bit below that mark. But these are some of the guys you can see in that range that that drive the name value in a way where it might be able to get you Jaren Jackson junior. The other repeat name on the board, and this one is a guy who actually got more expensive. I wanted to put 2 names that I thought you still maybe squeeze a couple of bucks out of. JJJ is the the sort of easier repeat offender. And then Freddie VanVleet is the other one who actually has moved up the board, although his very poor shooting night yesterday and a loss at Golden State moved him back down a tiny bit. So the numbers on your screen are are actually not perfectly accurate. He was 50 before last night when I was making up these, panels for the show. He's now 54. So, you know, whatever. Doesn't change things all that much. He's at 38% shooting, which we know is probably gonna come up to 39 or 40, but not change all that much. Everything else with VanVleet parallels or even improves upon what he was doing in Toronto with the exception of one category. And it's the same thing we talked about last week, steals. And over the last 7 days, he hasn't really added any steals. He's still at only 0.6 per ballgame. And, sure, we can assume that because the Rockets are playing more of a position based defense, guys are not gonna be gambling as much. But Freddie VanVleet has always been near the top of the league in deflections, and that's the kind of thing that even a team that's going for more positional defense is still gonna value. By the way, he's ranked 48th on the Yahoo board, and he's 55th on the basketball monster board. So, again, we can kind of average out the in between. But Freddie VanVleet, basically, since he's cleared 30 minutes in an NBA game, which is, like, 4 or 5 years ago, he's been more in the 1.7 to 1.9 steals range. You know, early in his Toronto career, he played 20 minutes. He had point 9 steals. But even then, you're looking at a rate that was more like 1 and a half to 2 steals per game. And this year would be his lowest since his very first season where he played 8 minutes a game. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. And if you're thinking, Dan, maybe it's age. No. I don't think so. He's only 29 years old. He's not past his prime yet. Even if you think he's maybe a year on the wrong side of it or whatever, you're not gonna see this kind of erosion, especially while he's posting career bests in assists right now. And he's only taking one fewer one less shot per game than last year. Career 40% shooter. His shot profile is not all that different year over year. I would expect his field goal percent to tick up just the littlest bit, and the steals, that's the big one. And, you know, again, it doesn't seem like a really big deal, but one extra steal already for VanVleet. You're talking about an extra 12 on the season, and that's enough to maybe win you 2 or 3 of your weekly matchups right now. So this starts to compile. It starts to add up over the whole year. It's why these low volume stats like steals and blocks and even 3 pointers to some degree where one makes a really big difference. Doesn't sound like that much. One sounds small, but the difference between half a steal and one and a half steals from your guy, that's multiple rounds of rank related value. So Freddie VanVleet, still in that 50 range or a 47 to 60 range again depending on what board you're looking at. I I still think it should be pretty easy for him to get inside the top 40 once this deals come around. Maybe you could even hunt higher than that in terms of what do you think his final number's gonna look like. And I think right now, you could get him for an equally ranked player. So someone else in the late forties to early fifties that maybe has you've seen settle in a way that we know. Freddie VanVleet hasn't settled yet. The grade leveling has not taken effect on him. Now would I use the same types of guys as jjj? No. I don't I don't think you needed to go as expensive with VanVleet. I think people value jjj more if they're selling him because they drafted him probably inside the top 20, whereas VanVleet was going, you know, mid to late thirties. So right now, honestly, he's not even that far behind where he was getting drafted. But I still think if you look at someone like a Deandre Ayton, who's 45th, or, Jalen Johnson, who's 40 4th. These guys that we think might have some slippage over the next little bit. Even a Nick Claxton who we just talked about, although, you know, he he probably continues to work his way up the board as the minutes come around, so perhaps that's not the best move. You're gonna need somebody who you think is leveled off. Clint Capela's probably leveled off. That's probably not enough to get it done. Jalen Duran, when he comes back, if he posts a giant rebounding game, that might be one to look at. Zach LaVine, there's almost no way he catches VanVleet, but there's a lot of name power there, and he scores a lot. There are a few names that I think could get it done. I'd be careful not to overpay. You know, Jalen Brunson, he's on his way still on his way up. We just talked about that, so maybe not the best pairing there. Mark Williams in Charlotte is having a monster of a season. Maybe that's an interesting one to throw out there, but people probably don't trust it. If Tyler Herrell wasn't hurt, he would have been actually a really good one to throw out there. Cam Thomas, while hurt, might be a good one to throw out there because I don't think he shoots 48% on eye volume for the year. I think that probably turns into a number that hurts you. But those are a couple of names we might be able to get for Freddie Van or to use to get Freddie VanVleet. Let's get into the new names now on today's show. I got 3 new ones for you guys. Jalen Williams of the thunder is the first new name on the list. He's currently ranked 97th, on the 9 cat board depending on what site you're looking at, 88th on basketball monster. So somewhere between 88 and a 100 is is sort of the consensus spot for Jalen Williams right now. He was drafted, around 55 or 60, and I still think that's the target for him. Because the beauty of Jalen Williams right now is that like Freddie VanVleet, everything is right where it needs to be except for one category, and it's the same one as VanVleet. Last year, Jalen Williams, over the entire season, shot 52%. This year, 52%. Last year, late in the season when he was posting gigantic numbers, he was taking about 12 or 13 shots per game. This year, he's taking about 12 ish shots per game. So, you know, the differences are are minimal. In fact, when he was a top thirty play the second half of last year, he was at 16 and a half points, 5 boards, 4 assists, which, again, look at his numbers right now, 17 and a half points, 4 boards, 3 and a half assists, really not all that far off. Late last year when he was surging, he was at 1.23 pointers. He's at 1.1 right now. His percentages were 53.85. This year, as we mentioned, 52.88. The big difference again. Late last year, he was at 2.2 combined defensive stats, 1.8 steals and 0.4 blocks. So far this year, he's at 1. That's the difference. It's basically the only difference for him. His His turnovers are a little higher. He's at 1.7 late last year, and he's at over 2 this season, but that's a small little blip that might even work itself out. It's the steals and even a little bit the blocks. This is a guy who's playing more minutes this year. He's doing more stuff. The steals are gonna come around. He's a terrific fantasy basketball player who's just not hitting his mark so far because he's at 0.8 steals, which is like Freddie VanVleet, almost a full steal lower than where he was during a big run late last year. And I don't know that he's gonna get to 1.8 or 2 steals per game. It's very hard to maintain numbers that high, but I think we can safely assume he's gonna get into the low to mid ones. So 1.2 to 1.5, somewhere in that neck of the woods. We're 13 games into the season. It really only takes 1 or 2 bigger steals games. Run into a Russell Westbrook or something and get 3 or 4 steals. Bingo bango. You're basically back where you need to be in less than a week. I think he's a really easy by low candidate because we know he's gonna slowly work his way up the board, and he's been extremely productive even without the steals. So I still think he can get into the top 55 range where he was getting drafted. And I think right now, you might be able to get him for somebody with some name power around 70. Who would that be potentially? I wouldn't go for somebody who's who's sort of lagging in the seventies. And the guys with big names there are maybe not the easiest to move. Asar Thompson is one that has a ton of buzz because he got off to that crazy start, but his defensive stats have been coming back down to where we kind of assumed that they would. Crazy, crazy start. D'Angelo Russell might get it done, not after a very slow ball game, which he had last time, but after he puts up his next big one. Keldon Johnson's been scoring a lot. That might get it done even though we know he's gonna likely peter out as the Spurs get healthy as just the world takes its toll. Sorry. One coughing fit per show is sort of where I'm at these days. What other names might get it done? You could go farther up the board, I guess. I don't know that I would do like a like a DeMar. To me, that feels like you're overpaying Zach LaVine. These guys are all in this this nebulous, gross, little Spurs land. Chris Paul is inside the top 60. Some of that is because Draymond's been out. Maybe that would get it done. Maybe it might be overpaying a tiny bit there. But Jaylen Williams is gonna is gonna move forward, and I I like us all to be a part of it when it happens. Next name. We're down to our last 2. Jared Allen, which, again, this one feels like a pretty easy one because much like with Jalen Williams, there's almost nothing that we actually need to fix with him. This this is the these are the bylaws that are just, like, jumping off the page. Last year, Jared Allen, who like, look. He was fine last year. He wasn't he wasn't a a break the bank kinda guy, but he put up top 40 numbers. And how did he get there? Well, last year, he shot 64 a half percent. This year, he's at 63 a half percent. Is that different? No. Not really. Last year, he took 3 and a half free throws a game. This year, he's at 5. So he's been a bigger negative there without really changing much of his actual game profile. Is that likely to come back where it usually is? I would assume so. You know, he's not really been a 5 free throw guy before. When Cleveland, he was at 4 and then 3 and change. I don't see a big reason why that should change much unless he just got a way better at getting fouled year over year, which seems unlikely. Seals are a little low. Blocks are a little high right now. Those things will kinda one will come up. 1 will come a little bit down. Maybe blocks could actually stay at 1.4 because he's done 1.6 before. Turnovers, fine. Assists, actually slightly better. The issue for Jared Allen right now is he's not getting as many shots as usual, and he's not getting as many rebounds as usual. But the reasons are pretty obvious. He's not getting the same minutes as usual because we were told 2 weeks ago he's on an indefinite minutes cap. At some point, indefinite typically becomes defined a definite minutes cap or doesn't exist. At some point, he's just gonna get turned lows. And we're really close to it right now because his last two games, he's played 32 and a half minutes and 29 in a couple of wins for Cleveland, a team that's been coming on, not surprisingly, since Jared Allen got healthy. They've been better. Their defense is way better when he's out there. People are like, oh, what if Evan Mobley just takes his job? He he's not gonna. They like Mobley at the 4. They like Jared Allen at the 5. They like running a defense where they have sort of a a backup rim protector at all times. So no one's ever getting any easy shots against them. And so the last 3 games now, his minutes per game is up around 30 instead of 27. Does that mean the usage is gonna go back up exactly where it was last year? No. That's not a guarantee, but we are seeing, Donovan Mitchell's missing games here and there. Darius Garland's missing games here and there. Carys Lavert is missing games here and there. There's enough available for even a lower usage guy like Jared Allen to go out there and get, you know, 8 shots per game instead of maybe we want him up at 9. But even if there's erosion, that's the other part of this. Even if there's erosion, he still shouldn't have any problem blowing past where he's at right now because right now his numbers are built on this low minutes that he's been getting. So I've set my target for Jared Allen at top 65 or higher. That feels like a pretty attainable number for him. He's currently ranked 115, which is absurd. I think you could probably get Jared Allen for somebody in the 80 to 90 range. I put 85 to 90 on the YouTube graphic, but maybe you have to go a tiny bit higher than that. It's gonna have to be somebody with a little bit of name power as always. That's the way you get things done on trades. So who's in there that we don't think is going a ton higher? Devin Vassell, a high scoring guy who I think is generally being overrated because of the scoring, that probably gets it done. If Terry Rozier was healthy, that would probably be a name that I'd throw out there. Franz Wagner, he's out he's right at a 100, but people see the 18 and a half points per game, and they like that type of stuff. These are guys that I feel like if they're scoring, they probably get it done. Would I go as high as Kelvin Johnson? Yeah. I think I would. I think I would. I know he's at 78, so maybe that's just outside of our our buy range, but I think I would do it. Dennis Schroder in roto. I think I would give up. I know he's at 16 points and 7 assists. Those are hard to find, but if you could afford to drop the assists, you're gonna get a guy who likely blows past Schroder at some point this year. Mitchell Robinson is not a terrible choice, although he's also actually kind of on the way up. So maybe you hold off and don't spend him on somebody. If someone's annoyed with Daniel Gafford's minutes in Washington or if you're annoyed with his minutes, that's a guy you might be able to throw out there. Denny Avdia, who doesn't have name power, but he's been sort of safely in that 80 range so far this year. Lot of options that could get you Jared Allen. I think you take a shot. See if you can get him. Last name on the board for this week, OG Anunobi. I almost missed him when I was making up my list because I couldn't believe that he was down as far as he was. He's ranked number 97 on some boards, and on others, he's 94. Call it between 90a100 because all the boards are they like, in that range, everybody is so similar. There's, like, it doesn't really matter. The beauty of OG Anunoby is, like some of the other players we've talked about on this list, we just don't need that many things to change for him to get back where he needs to be. I don't think there's any chance he gets back where he was last year. Last year, he was at 2.6 combined defensive stats in his career. He'd never been above 2.2 before that. This year, he's at 1.9. But the other issues year over year, and this is the really silly one, he's shooting 62% at the free throw line. I just see absolutely no reason why that number's gonna hold. So I I expect OG's steals to come up because his minutes have been kind of artificially low due to blowouts and an injury. He missed a couple of games earlier this week, late last week. But the threes are where we need them to be. They're actually up a tiny bit. Field goal percent looks good. Rebounds a little bit down. Again, that's just because he's been on the floor about 3 to 4 minutes less per game so far this season. Assists are fine. In fact, they might end up good once his minutes get into the 33, 34 range the way we expect them to. Steals will creep up as the minutes creep up. Turnovers will too, but, you know, who cares? And then you're looking at basically replicating last year even if he doesn't get all the way up to 84% of the foul line, which was anomalously high for him. He's been more of a mid to high seventies guy since he settled into a starter's role. That's still, like, 16% higher than where he's at right now. OG Anunoby, what is he gonna take, though? Somebody drafted him probably near 50. I think he gets into inside the top 65 without almost any problem at all. Moving 2 and a half, 3 rounds from where he is here is super easy. The free throws alone would probably take care of that, and then any growth in points, rebounds, or steals would push him higher. I think you can get him for someone in the same range as, basically what we just talked about. Look at those guys that are in the 75 to 90 range that have some buzz around their name. I detest Brandon Ingram's fantasy game. He's probably someone who ticks up a little bit, but I'd honestly, I'd be trying to get out from Brandon Ingram. Because when that team is healthy, he's not gonna be a top 50, top 60 guy, and this is what I yelled about all preseason long. Let's see. Drew Holiday, I was kinda low on this year in that Celtic spot. Maybe you could move off of him and switch him for a different guy who does similar stuff. Who the hell did we just talk about? Kelvin Johnson, Denny Avia, Kyle Kuzma would be interesting. He just had a what did he have? Twelve assists ballgame yesterday, so his name is super buzzy right now. Couldn't even mute my mic in time to cover that cough up. OG's a guy I think you should be moving on quickly, and he's probably my favorite Bilo on the board. That's why I saved him for last because I wanted him to also be the graphic on today's show. You guys probably noticed that. He was also the graphic on today's show, and he is our strongest buy and also the last one on the list. We're not doing any questions on this. So remember the buy lows and the sell highs. This is just info being thrown right in your face. Thank you so much for watching, everybody. These are guys I think you can go get at a slight discount where there's still an opportunity to get value above what you're paying to acquire them. That's the key for a buy low. You're never gonna get a name guy the way that we're talking about here. You're never gonna get a name guy for what they're actually ranked in this moment. You're gonna have to pay a little above their current rank, but hopefully creating a buffer between what you pay and where you think they ultimately end up. That is how you pull off a buy low. Don't undershoot on these folks. You're gonna upset the person with them. You gotta go with a name that you think really has a shot, piques their interest, and that's the way they'll that they'll know you're serious. Take a moment again. Please like, subscribe. It goes a very long way. Find me on social. You really gotta do that. That's maybe the most important part. It's at Dan Vesperis over on Twitter. We do a whole lot of work on all of this stuff over there, polls, other buys, other sells that sort of pop up quickly. We'll hit all that stuff over on social media. Coming up, in a couple hours later today, we'll have another show. We'll break down the Monday card, do a little recap stuff, kinda get you resettled for the Tuesday evening. It's, NBA Cup night, Tuesday, Friday action. I am Dan Vasquez. This is a special bonus episode of, Bilo Fantasy NBA Today. Sports ethos presentation. Head to sportsethos.com@ethosfantasy bk to get all of your fantasy basketball news. I'll see you guys a little bit. Couple hours later.