Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I know it's Christmas Eve. I know it's the middle of the day. I know all of you are watching football or spending time with family. And on a day with no basketball games, the NBA is the furthest thing from your mind. But because of scheduling, because of the way that Christmas Day is scheduled for the NBA, we gotta do tomorrow's content today. So in advance, Merry Christmas, everyone. Happy holidays. Tomorrow, 5 games that start at 9 AM Pacific time. There are certainly parts of the US that will have plenty of time to set their lineups when they wake up in the morning. But there are also plenty of spots here, Pacific time, specifically, Hawaii time, where you basically gotta set your lineups the night before, especially if you're in a weekly lock league where that 9 AM buzzer is the buzzer for the whole damn week. You know? And, plus, with no games today, this is a perfect opportunity to go over the 30 games, 30 night games is incorrect. The teams that all played on Friday Saturday, get everybody kinda reset for the week ahead, and take a look at some of our streaming ideas in a week where teams that play tomorrow do have a little bit of an unfair edge. And by tomorrow, I mean, Christmas Day, Monday morning. There are only, I believe, 4, maybe 5 teams that have 4 games that don't play on Christmas. There are 3 more that have 4 games that do. So next week is a very 3 game heavy week. Most of the NBA has 3 games. The Clippers are the team with 2. And so what I wanna do here is actually talk about the week ahead before we go back and review the 30 teams that have already passed us by. I know that this sort of seems, backwards to some degree, but I actually don't think that that's the case. I think that doing it in this order makes a lot of sense because you can now kinda get a jump on things. Because, I mean, you know, things happen over the weekend, obviously. But in terms of planning, this is the way to get a look at stuff. This is the way to begin to attack this week. Now what you may recall, those of you that are watching the show with us, last week, I threw up basically just, like, a small chunk of what we call our streaming chart over at Sports Ethos, and I'm gonna do that again. First things first. I am Dan Vesperis. Welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. This is a combination weekend review show and week ahead show for week 10. Please find me on social media at Dan Vesperis. Rate, like, review, all that good stuff on the podcast. Sportsethos.com is the website. Ethosfantasybk is where you can go to get your news over on social media. And, of course, finding us in Discord is easy. The link is right in the show description. Here is the image for those that are, watching the show. For those that are listening, obviously, I'm gonna describe everything that that we're all looking at so you guys get a pretty good view of it as well. This is a streaming chart, and I've done some color coding myself. It doesn't come that way. You can kind of flex that however you like. My color coding illustrates all the back to backs and then teams that have what I deemed to be better long streaming opportunities. So I sort of color the tail or the the body at some points of the long stream in, like, a beige, a light yellow to illustrate the back to back, and then a very light green to illustrate where you could actually just play these guys if you wanted to go for 6 days. So this is what's coming up for the week ahead, and I'll just do it, alphabetically since that's the way that we've got things organized. This, by the way, is available to everybody with a Fantasy Pass at sportsethos.com. Then you can see the whole season all the way through instead of just this very small section, which you're getting for free here on this podcast. Fantasy Pass starts at 5.99 a month over at sportsethos.com. The first thing that you guys might notice if you're watching along with us is that Brooklyn is shaded in those two colors I just mentioned. They have a back to back Tuesday, Wednesday, and then they play Friday Sunday. And, again, we have to remember that some of these days are, I wanna say, full overload, but certainly close to it. Tuesday is 9. Wednesday is only 6. Thursday is 8. Friday is, I think, 10. Saturday is 6, and then, next Sunday is 6. So there isn't, like, a true overload day the way that this last Saturday was yesterday. The closest ones are Tuesday because if you ended up not with many guys that play on Christmas, you might end up having a lot of guys in the 9 games on Tuesday. And then Friday is a 10 gamer, so you might have some overloads. But there isn't anything that's a sure overload day. It isn't you don't have a 12 or a 13 or a 14 in there where you're like, well, there's just no point. This day doesn't even really count because everybody's got a full roster going. There aren't days like that. In my opinion, Friday with 10 games might even be slightly less likely to be overload. I know the more games, but, like, it just depends on kind of where you have your players clustered. So what that means, for our purposes, is that every day has equal value this week with the exception of Monday on a super low traffic Christmas day, and at the start of the week actually has greater value. And I know I mentioned there were some days that had 6 games. Saturday has 6. I think I said Sunday also has 6. Wednesday has 6. Those are low tide days, so these are all really important ones. But the reason I like Monday the most is that you can actually move make moves right now. You can make moves today because there are no games happening, so you're not constrained by which of your guys are in an active lineup, which ones may have already played, injured IL slots, all that kind of stuff. If you have any moves left over from this last week that ended early, a week that effectively ended on Friday because pretty much everybody played on Saturday, so you didn't need to make any moves probably on Saturday. So you got to cluster your moves this last week, basically Monday through Friday, even for those that are streaming hard, and I was, I still ended up with a move left over for today. So I made a move for tomorrow already, and I think that's a really smart thing to do. So to that end, we can take a peek at some of the teams that might make a lot of sense for tomorrow. First of all, Boston. Let's just talk about the teams that even play on Monday. Let's start there. Christmas games, Milwaukee is in New York. That's the early game. That's a noon start. Eastern time, 9 AM Pacific. And then the games happen every 2 and a half basically, there's one game that has a 3 hour gap. Basically, every 2 and a half hours the rest of the day, starting at noon EST or 9 AM Pacific. The second game is warriors nuggets. That's up in the mountains. Boston is in LA. They've been in LA for a few days. They played the Clippers, and they smashed them yesterday. They'll take on the Lakers. Philly is without Joel Embiid. They'll be in Miami. So, Paul Reed, hello. How do you do? That game is the, early evening game, and then the late evening game is Dallas in Phoenix, where, hopefully, we'll have as many stars available as possible. Luca obviously seems like he's good. Seems like, Durant and, and Booker should be fine, and then whatever other streaming stuff we sort of float around there. So those are the 5 games that are happening tomorrow. 3rd of the NBA is playing. It's not a very it's not a hyper small day. But, again, because we have this weird little gap in the schedule today immediately preceded by a full schedule, you probably have a move to use. So use it for tomorrow. Now that again takes us to our next point, which is what do you do for tomorrow? Boston, if you were gonna go their direction, you're probably looking at guys you could just hold the whole week because they're off for 2 days after their game on Christmas day. Off the 26th 27th, and they go then they go 3 times in 4 days to finish off the week. So it's not a great schedule at the start, but it's a 4 game week. And as we just mentioned, what did I say? 8, 9 teams go 4 games. So if you can get players on those clubs, you get a pretty good advantage. Because by and large, opponents are you your team too, You're probably gonna have more 3 gamers than 4 next week, probably. I know odds are. Dallas. We're gonna go through the teams that are playing tomorrow, alphabetically. They have a really good schedule. They're at Phoenix, then they got Cleveland without Evan Mobley. So, defensively, the Cavs are not as good. In Minnesota, that'll be a tougher game to score. And then they're in Golden State on Saturday, which allows you to then make a move on Sunday. If you wanted to sort of shore up your week, as we said, 6, games on Sunday, so there are options to go on that one, and we'll get to what some of those are in just a little bit. Also interesting, we're going we're going alphabetically here. So I wanna make mention of Memphis. They're another team, like we talked about with, up at the top of the board. Brooklyn's another one. We'll loop back around to those guys in just a sec. The Knicks are another good one. They go 4 4 games in 6 days. Sorry. I'm having trouble speaking. To start the week as does Philadelphia, 4 games in 6 days to start the week. You could also pivot partway through to one of these other teams we're gonna mention in a moment. But these are all clubs, Dallas, New York, Philadelphia, that have 4 games in 6 days to begin the week. If you're looking at streaming Christmas Day, those are the teams that you wanna look at because you can hold them to to if you like the players involved, you could potentially hold them all the all the way through to Saturday. If you don't wanna make a bunch of long streaming moves for Christmas Day, you have a couple of other directions you could go. Like, let's say you wanted to go Boston, but they only have 3 games the rest of the week, and there's 2 days off in there. And maybe you're only streaming 1 roster slot, so you don't have this intense need to hold somebody for 6 days. You could pivot off of them, and the other teams that I was mentioning were Brooklyn. I think I said Memphis as we were floating through a minute ago, Oklahoma City and Orlando. By the way, the Thunder are gonna have a good schedule, like, almost every week the rest of the way, because they're behind a bunch of teams in total games played. But, again, that's Memphis, Oklahoma City, Orlando, Brooklyn, we mentioned earlier on, and then the Washington Wizards. These teams, have 4 games in 6 days starting on Tuesday. Most of those team actually, all of them, I should, I guess, I should clarify. Brooklyn, not other than Memphis. Brooklyn, Oklahoma City, Orlando, and Washington, they go back to back Tuesday, Wednesday, and then they also play Friday, Sunday. So that's a team you could lean into starting on Tuesday. And then Memphis is another one that I mentioned on Tuesday, although they also are better starting on Thursday, because Memphis actually goes Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Sunday. They have their back to back kind of in the middle of the week. So those are the teams you're looking at if you're planning on holding somebody for longer than just a back to back. If you're looking towards later in the week, we already mentioned Boston. They go 3 games the final 4 days of the week. Memphis, 3 games the final 4 days. The Lakers, 3 games San Antonio is the other one in that department. But, again, that's not usually where I'm looking here. Like, I don't see unless you really hated the streamer you had to start the week. Like, let's say you had a Dallas streamer, and you let them go Monday Wednesday, but Dallas is playing on Thursday. It's a little bit stupid to drop a guy who's playing on a day for a different guy who's also playing on that same day. That's a waste of a roster move. I don't even care if you're getting an extra game played later in the week. Like, if you dropped a Dallas player on Thursday for a Boston player on Thursday, yes, you're gaining a game Thursday through Sunday, but you're not gaining that game until Sunday. Or, technically, there's a back to back, but then Boston's off on Saturday and Dallas plays on Friday. That to me is is a silly move. You're making a move 3 days earlier than you need to. What if you ended up needing to make a drop later in the week? 1 of your streamers that you plan on holding for 2 or 3 days got hurt. You gotta get off of those guys and not take a 0. Every move you make when you're streaming should be with the end game of adding 1 to 2 games either the rest of the week or over the length of the long stream that you're planning on holding that guy. So Brooklyn, for instance, they're a really interesting test case, and I could highlight it on the screen for folks watching on YouTube, but I'll just describe it. Starting on Tuesday of next this coming week I'm really having trouble talking today. Starting on Tuesday of this coming week, they actually go 6 times through the following Wednesday. So that's game, game, off, game, off, game, off, game, game. 6 games, 9 days. 57 is the best thing you're gonna get in the NBA, because you can hold the guy for a whole week and get 5 games out of it. 69 is basically the second best thing you're gonna get. That's the same ratio as 46, but you don't have to use a roster move for another 3 days. So that's the 2nd best one. Obviously, a back to back is the highest percentage, and 3 and 4 is the next highest, but you're stuck using a lot of roster moves if you're gonna make a move every 2 days or every 4 days. If you can hold somebody for 5, 6, or 9, now you're suddenly able to stream 2 or even 3 roster slots on a club, and you can really power up the number of games played you've got in a given week. In terms of teams to avoid this week, the only logical one is the Clippers, but they've had a really light schedule. They have Boston way back on yesterday. I say way back. Saturday, off for 2 days. Charlotte, off for 2 days. Memphis, off for 2 days. This is an opportunity for the Clippers to try to get their guys a little bit of rest on top of everything else. You've seen Kawhi Leonard's dealing with a little bit of a hip injury. He's missed his first two games of the year. The thought was probably now, like, if he's not a 100%, I don't think they're playing him against Charlotte, a team they feel pretty confident they can smoke without all of their best guys. Memphis is certainly a lot better with Ja Morant back, but, like, you might not see a clipper You might not see Kawhi back until that Memphis game, maybe even Miami. This is a great opportunity for them to give him, like, almost 2 weeks off and miss only 4 games. This is what teams are looking for. You can say, oh, he's actually injured. Whether or not he is, we don't know, but we're gonna assume he is. As far as, like, fringey guys, we'll get to that in a second. We'll do kind of the weekly lineup decisions, but then, basically, everybody else is 3 other than the the, like, you know, a little bit under a third of the league that's playing 4 games. So that's why streaming is important. It's a really big week for streaming when there are that many teams that have 3 games because it's really easy to turn 3 into 4 this week. And if you long stream effectively, especially if you use a move today or even 2 moves if you have them today, pick up somebody that is on one of the 3 teams, we say Dallas, New York, and Philadelphia that go Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday. You got 4 games the 1st 6 days of the week. You could use another move for each of those streamers on Sunday and maximize, then you're getting, like, an extra 2 games. You end up with a 5 game week in each of those slots instead of 3. So let's talk about some of the weekly decisions now at this point. Which of the guys that are game time decision and this will be a little bit tougher again because we're doing it the day before. There will, I'm sure, be updates in the morning, very early in the morning. And so if you get those, you'll make your adjustments however you need to. But let's just start at the top, and we'll go through some of the names of relevance here. I wanna see if I can actually get that on the screen for you guys. We'll bring up I'm gonna bring up a Yahoo page, and it's gonna have some of the various team names. This is one of my, one of my Yahoo free leagues that I'm in. So, you know, don't tell everybody, I guess. Here's the player board for those that are watching. We'll just go through some of the guys that have injured tags on their names. So Joel Embiid is an interesting one because he just got ruled out, and it's just sort of, like they're talking about maintenance stuff for him. It's ankle, leg. I truly, I I don't I I don't know what the severity is. I think the shams tweet said something like, oh, yeah. He's getting treatment every day, and they don't know if what he's what his deal is for their next game on Wednesday. I gotta hope you're getting 2 games out of Embiid this coming week. And so to that end, I think you kinda have to start him because he's basically the best player in fantasy sports. I know Shay is ranked higher, and he deserves to be. But, obviously, a lot of Shay's value is tied up in the fact that he's, like, a full head and shoulders above anybody else in steals. There isn't anybody close. Shea has something like 86 steals on the season, and then the next highest is, I think, Matheus Deibel, who has, like, 60 something. He's legitimately, like, a third ahead of any other player in the entire NBA. And so his value in that particular category is so high that the other stuff he's doing, it doesn't even really matter all of them. I mean, obviously, it's really good. But, like, right now, Joel Embiid is doing more good things, more separated good things, and Shea has been vastly superior at a couple of stuff. So, I mean, those guys are, like, you know, 1 and 1 b at this point, and then there's a pretty good drop off behind them. But all that to say, this is Embiid we're talking about. You kinda have to. Kawhi Leonard is in a 2 game week, and that's if he played them both. So I hate to say it, but you kinda probably have to bench him. You know, the latest on Kawhi, the latest on Kawhi is a little bit unclear. You know, the fact that he's now up to number 5, by the way, at 9 cat is pretty awesome. It's just a hip thing. We haven't really heard anything good or bad about it. I you know, again, he's so good that you're like, I've gotta get him out there. But if this dude ends up playing in 1 ballgame and you could have flipped him out for somebody who's playing 4, you you I mean, you could pick up, like, a top 160 guy playing 4 games that can outperform, a 1st round or in one. It's pretty easy to find somebody averaging I mean, think about this. Kawhi is at 24 and a half points, 6 boards, 3 and a half assists. This is part of the how you do the calculations on these things. Can you find somebody on the wire who's averaging 6 and change points, 1 and change rebounds, less than one assist, and, like, point 4 steals and barely any blocks? Yeah. Of course, you can. That's like every fringe player in the NBA. And this is if Kawhi misses just one of their 2 games. What if they decide to give him the whole week off? Because the competition's not that tough. Clippers have played well so far this year. You know, they've taken a couple of losses here, but playoff seeding wise, I don't think they're all that worried, especially when they're healthy. They've been clobbering teams. This is just not a guy they're gonna rush back. Donovan Mitchell is an interesting one. He's been dealing with this illness for 3 ball games. I think it's this respiratory thing that, everybody in the NBA is getting, and some guys are getting worse than others. And then the ones that get it the way, like, you guys remember me. I was sick for the entire month of November. These guys are gonna get better treatment than I do. They're gonna sit and, you know, they'll be on a freaking ventilator all day to get the cough to go away. I can't do that. I gotta chase around booger nose kids all day and all night. So I'm just gonna keep getting sicker and sicker. So, yeah, obviously, they'll get better. But if you're wondering, like, why has he missed a week? I couldn't do crap for, like, 4 weeks. All that said, you know, the Cavaliers are oh, you know what? They're a 2 gamer also. Did I jump right over that? I did. My apologies, people. Cavaliers are also a 2 game week. Now Donovan Mitchell's off for 3 days after their game in Chicago. Oh, that's a tough call, man. That's a real tough call. I guess I think he's probably back by Wednesday. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Nish. Tough one. I'm gonna go ahead and hope that Donovan Mitchell's back, and I'll start him. Kyrie Irving, no. Victor Wabanyama, probably yes. Believe he turned an ankle, before the ballgame. He had, like, a collision with a ball boy or something like that. San Antonio is not a 2 game week. I don't know how I missed the Cleveland one. Sorry, guys. San Antonio is a 4 game week. So even if he misses 1 or even 2, you're still in in excellent shape there. Kristof Porzingis sat out the last one that has seemed to be precautionary, although the left ankle sprain, not just a back to back thing. So I guess we don't know. But like we mentioned, Boston, they got a game tomorrow, which he might miss, but then they're off for a few more days, and they got 3 and 4 to end the week. He's been sitting on half of a back to back. So if he misses Christmas day, it's probably a 2 game week for Porzingis. That makes him a really hard call, but I'm gonna say yes. I think we get 2 games out of him, and that would be enough. Kat, so nebulous. Holy moly. The wolves. You got ruled out with left knee soreness. We saw him kinda come down funny or walk a little gingerly at the end of the the win over the Lakers. Honest to goodness, this might be one where I really don't know. They're off Christmas day, then they've got 3 games the rest of the week. They're in Oklahoma City. I know they're gonna wanna win that game. Then Dallas, they got the lakers again. But we don't know. We got we got no info on Cat almost of any kind. Just left knee soreness ruled out ruled out a day ahead, I think, as well. So, I'm gonna think you're getting 2 games out of him would be my guess. I probably sit him, and you guys might kill me for that, but that's the direction I'm leaning on. Giannis is a go. He's probable. Terry Rozier missed the last ball game with knee soreness and Charlotte 3 or 4 games this week. Charlotte's 3 games, including a back to back. That's a tough one too. Missed Saturday's game. He was a very late ad. I think I'm gonna play Rozier and hope that he gives me 2 this week because he's been just barely good enough, but it's more of a dice roll than I usually do. LaMelo, no. Evan Mobley, no. Jimmy Butler is questionable for the heat, and, Miami is a 3 gamer with one of them on Christmas Day. You might be able to get a better ruling on him tomorrow morning, hopefully, although that's kind of a midday game. I think I'm gonna start Jimmy Butler. I I think the questionable tag for Monday is good news for Thursday Saturday, so I'm I'm guessing you get at least 2 out of Jimmy. But I guess I don't know for sure. Sounds like Jaylen Johnson might be back this week, but if you're in a weekly format, I don't I don't think that you can take that shot. Probably wait until he's actually back, and I'm sure they'll work him in over a game or 2. Mark Williams, you gotta bench him until we hear anything good about him. Jaylen Suggs is, more like day to day with a wrist thing, but he hasn't been playing all that well probably because of the wrist thing anyway. So I would probably sit Jalen in a weekly format. Now you're getting to the point where if somebody's even a tiny bit hurt, you gotta keep them out. Yousef Nurkic maybe being, like, the lone exception to that because Phoenix has a 4 game week. He's still out with personal stuff. We don't know exactly when he's coming back. You could probably play him and hope you get 3 games, but it's a little bit of a dice roll. Derek Lively, no. Zach LaVine, no. Darius Garland, no. And then KCP, I honest to god, I didn't even know KCP was dealing with anything at all. What's his latest deal? Oh, he's probable. That's a nothing. That's a nothing tag. He's number 95. And, again, now we're at this point where it's like, look. If somebody's questionable, you're not playing them. So you get outside the top 100. You got just a handful of guys that might deserve your attention. But Jalen Duran, until he comes back, I don't see how you play him. Kyle Kuzma sounds like he wants to go in their next game on Tuesday, so he's probably a go. Although now, folks, he's fallen near the 120 zone. How many times did I have to warn everybody? But look. If you're playing Kuzma, it's because you don't mind, the percentages and the low defensive stats. So, like, he's a guy that's been part of your team to this point, then he's a guy you're just gonna keep on trucking out there. And then nobody else is really worth talking about, I don't think, on the weekly side. Okay. That was the Yahoo recap. We're 20 some odd minutes in, and we're just finally getting to the weekend review part of the show. Let's do that now with a quick reminder while we're pulling up some of these weekend stats to please take a moment to like, rate, and subscribe, and to find us over on social media at danbestperson@ethosfantasybk. And as Christmas comes first thing tomorrow morning or if you're watching this on Christmas, it's already there. Maybe you ran late on a present. Maybe you just ran into somebody at your Christmas party or maybe your Christmas office party, and you were like, damn. That dude is hairy. I gotta get that guy a present. I wasn't planning on getting him a present, but I just cannot let him walk around with all these tufts emerging from his Christmas sweater. That's not even a Christmas sweater. That's just hair. Go to manscaped.com. Use promo code ethos 20. Ethos20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order. The lawnmower, that's that awesome sideburn trimmer. You could use that all over your carcass. You could go with a handyman if you wanna go with the tight electric razor shave. That's more of like a face and neck type of tool. They've got something called the plow. That's the the 3 blade actual razor. They've got the handy or they've got the shears. That's the luxury nail kit, which I definitely need to be using. My nails are a mess right now. And that's all over atmanscape.com. Again, promo code there being ethos 20. You know it. Just use it. Is it true that if you don't use it, you lose it? Let's go through Saturday. That was obviously a big card, and was that 13 games on Saturday? Most of the teams in the NBA played on that one. Milwaukee beat New York. That was the early game. Bobby Portis is very much in the stream well warm situation right now, and he's been on a little bit of a heater. Finally, a bad game out of Brook Lopez. I say finally, not like that I wanted it to happen because you guys know I love Brook Lopez. It's just sort of, like, a bit overdue. He falls to number 29. So sad. So sad. Malik Beasley got dropped at a bunch of places. I think because he was sick, and then he had a couple of bad ball games, I was kinda dumb. I picked him up in those places, and he's been pretty solidly useful all season long to this point. Khris Middleton is, not a huge headache right now, so I guess that's something. On the New York side, Jalen Brunson keeps trucking along. Isaiah Hartenstein, he's got all kinds of wiggle room now. Dante DiVincenzo had one good game, and then he kinda came back to Earth, such as the story for these fringy guys on the Knicks. You can play them in schedule spots, which we mentioned there is one this week. Those types make sense in those, but not for Roto. We're gonna move pretty quick on this, guys. Boston blew out the Clippers. This ball game was over early, but, you know, a few Celtics got theirs beforehand. Drew Holiday has been coming on lately. You know, it didn't hurt his cause that Porzingis has missed a couple of ball games, but Drew's now up to number 65 when he was down in the eighties nineties. Pretty pretty easy by low. Just the guy you knew was gonna do a little bit more as the season moves along. Derek White continues to be amazing. Al Horford, just a fantastic fill in when Porzingis is out. Nice little across the board type of stuff for him, and I don't care about anything else going on there. No Kawhi for the Clippers, and they look kinda human. Paul George had a pretty good ballgame. Zubatz had his very, like, empty double double. James Harden slowed down a little, which we kinda knew would happen as well, but these guys will all be fine. The only thing that I thought jumped out on the Clippers side was, typically, when Paul George or Kawhi Leonard is out, Norman Powell picks up the slack, but he did not in this ball game. I think he probably will in the next one, but, doesn't matter. We mentioned Alprenshagun getting called out by his coach for sucking on defense a couple games back, and he's come roaring back for the rockets. We got Tara Eason back in the mix. I know he wasn't as great in this ballgame, but he's an easy, hold, very simple hold decision. Jabari Smith junior, another good ballgame. Not much to take away from this one other than just kinda seeing a nice bounce back from Shangoun, a couple of good ones after the coach was like, yeah. You're not gonna play if you don't actually do the defensive stuff we tell you to do. And he said, okay. Got it. Eliminated the slippage there. Herb Jones, you're running out of time, bud. Only 18 minutes in this ballgame. It wasn't like it was foul trouble. They just you know, they like Trey Murphy more. Herb is a better defender, but Trey is a vastly superior offensive player. And they need someone that can space the floor because the whole rest of the team hit 5 three pointers in this game. Herb Jones, by the way, hit 2 of those. Trey Murphy hit 3 of the team's 8 total 3 balls. It's just not a good spacing team. I like the Pelicans. They're decent, but they have no spacing. That's why Trey Murphy is getting the run and why Herb Jones isn't right now. I told you I would let Herb have another week, week and a half. We're almost a week into it, and he's running at a time. He's fallen like a an absolute boulder right now, down into the mid sixties. Like, every game, he's fallen 7, 8 slots. That's tough to handle. I still think CJ McCollum is a pretty big sell high if you can do it, but I don't know how many people are gonna buy on CJ being a top 20 dude. Well, see what you could get. If it's, like, top 40, 50, or better, I think I would do it. Denver, decided to play this game with sort of one eye slightly half open. I mean, there's just no reason why the Nuggets should have shot 43% against the Hornets, but doesn't matter. Here we are. No notes on Denver. Not many notes on the Charlotte side either. Nick Richards continues to be a solid fill in for Mark Williams. Brandon Miller got hurt in this game, turned an ankle, when he went down. PJ Washington tends to be the next guy to get stuff, and it happened again here. PJ took 20 shots, which is stupid because he made 6 of them. If Gordon Hayward had even half an NBA brain left in that head of his, he'd have been the one taking more shots. He's still more efficient than these other dudes, but he didn't because he's getting old and he's slow. I think Hayward's a drop in a lot of formats. I get it. You know, again, if you don't have any issues with his turnovers, free throw percent is typically low defensive stats, although they're better in this one. Okay. Fine. Like but 9 cat, he hasn't been very good, frankly, since the start of the year. He's had some, like, one game or 1 week blips that have been better. Team obviously needs LaMelo Ball back, and, certainly, Terry Rozier would have helped in this game as well. But with those guys out, they were just shots for days for the rest of these dudes. So PJ Washington needs a goal when you got this many guys out. If Brandon Miller misses the next one, then PJ kinda goes from, like, a 5050 play to a yes. Hayward probably becomes a yes if Brandon Miller misses the next ballgame, but, otherwise, I I'm I'm kinda moving out on the Hayward thing entirely, much like I was last year. He was terrible. Let's keep moving. Orlando beat Indiana, Franz Wagner, solid ball game. Palo had 34, but, again, makes a lot more sense in the points league side. Said it before, I'll say it again. I don't think Wendell Carter Junior is a is anywhere close to a 12 team 9 category guy. Getting outplayed by Moe Wagner, getting outplayed sometimes, not this one, by Goga Butadze. They just like, these 3 centers, they're all staking claims to center minutes, and that means none of them is any good for Fantasy at least. Not picking up Derek Gary Harrison, Roto. You know, if you'd get into Orlando, good scheduling spot, that would work. Jalen Suggs being out played a pretty good size role there. Far as Indy goes, Andrew Nembhard got the start at shooting guard in this ball game and, put up a decent line 175. He's not usually gonna be this efficient. He also doesn't get any defensive stats, which makes him kind of a hard guy to play every day. Bruce Brown was also out for this game. I know he had a terrible ballgame, but Aaron Neesmith is actually the guy that I'd be looking at most of the time. Seems like Rick Carlisle feels pretty comfortable giving him about 27 to 30 minutes a night. And he had had a number of good ball games in a row that had pushed him actually inside the top 100 on the season, believe it or not. So, Neesmith, I think you can hold. I think he was in an ad, and I think he's now a hold. No other real surprises here. Jordan Clarkson came back for Utah, scored 30 points. It won't be this good. He is a lot like Cam Thomas in that when he has a big ball game, you try to sell. When he has a bad ball game, you could consider a buy. Although Cam Thomas is, better for Fantasy by and large, but this is a sell moment for Clarkson if you waited through his injury. Walker Kessler off the bench in this one for reasons I don't completely understand, but, you know, he still had 10, 8, and 2 blocks. I don't think he's just gonna get better as the season goes. Collin Sexton is going to fade now with Clarkson back. I don't know that Clarkson's necessarily gonna start over him, but Sexton is kind of a one trick pony. And so, again, if you start to take away any of that trick, then he's just a pony and which I know sounds fun for, like, a 4th birthday party, but doesn't work for fantasy. Kelly Olynyk, only 17 minutes. Typically, if he's starting, you can start him. Chris Dunn, still starting. And if Keontae George and THT are both out for Utah's next ballgame, I would start the crap out of Chris Dunn again. Love that dude's fantasy game. I just wish that there was any kind of consistency to his role. Right now there is, but every other point guard has to be hurt apparently for us to get there. So keep an eye on status for, mostly for Chris Dunn more than anything else, but also, you know, do we see a Collin Sexton flip back to the bench at some point here, Utah trying some stuff out? We shall see. Definitely a team worth monitoring, the Utah Jazz, because Chris Dunn is great for fantasy. Walker Kessler is great for fantasy. John Collins can be decent when he's out there long enough, but he wasn't really in this one. Collin Sexton is less awesome for fantasy. But when he plays Giant Minutes, then it's good enough. No notes on, Toronto. Jacob Pirtle's bouncing between terrible games and good ones. He just gotta sit through it at this point. OG Aninobi was better. Thank goodness for that, but, let's keep moving. Jaden Ivy and Isaiah Stewart had big games for Detroit, and who cares? This team sucks. Let's see. Boyan Bogdanovic. Yeah. Cade Cunningham. Yeah. Ostar Thompson at least got 31 minutes here, but he's gassed. All that stuff he was doing at the beginning of the year, that energy's out. The air is out of the balloon. I still like him long term. Detroit finally went to Stewart at the 5 when they didn't have to. Marvin Bagley to the bench. Stewart at the 5 is interesting. I'll give him that. But the reason he had a big fantasy game here is because he shot 8 out of 9 from the field. And it started the same story with Jaden Ivey. You know, he had made 8 out of 10 free throws and 6 out of 11 shots. Usually, he's a guy that tanks you in both percentages and turnovers, and he didn't here. And everybody's like, Dan, why aren't you diving in on Jaden Ivey immediately? I'm like, well, because we've seen this a bunch of times in only a year and change with him. He doesn't have 9 cat fantasy game. Percentages hurt, turnover's high, assists are actually not usually that overwhelmingly good, but then he'll go on these little mini runs like he's been on, I would argue, the last 2, maybe 3 ball games where the scoring is better because the shooting is better. He's hitting 3 pointers. He has 5 3 pointers in his last 2 ball games. He had 3 in his previous 8 games. He has 14 assists in his last 2 ball games. It took him 5 games to get there before that. And he's more like 3 turnovers a night. Steals and blocks are okay, but not, you know, massive for him. And therein lies the rub. If you're in a points league, I think you pick up and hold on to Ivy. But for 9 cat, he's just not a guy that sticks long term. That's okay. You can be a points league guy. I believe I have no notes on Brooklyn. Cam Thomas is currently in one of his more spots than spots. Nice to see McHale Bridges finally get something going. A game against Detroit is usually good for what ails you. Let's keep going. Memphis, Jah and Bane, Mondo games. JJ slowed down a little bit in this one. But, again, now that now that those 3 dudes have each other, it just everybody slides into the role that they belong. And playing Atlanta also helps. But, again, you'd like, you don't have to go any farther than those 3 guys, unless you're stashing Marcus Smart, who might very well be back for Memphis' next ball game. I think he'll probably be on some kind of minutes restriction, so don't expect the moon. But I do think it's worth exploring to see how what Marcus Smart's role looks like when this is all said and done. They're probably gonna have to play small. They're probably gonna have to run Bane at small forward or Smart as just a very short but extremely powerful small forward. And when they play longer teams, they'll probably have to rotate guys a little bit differently. Nothing. I got no notes on Atlanta. Not one. This is a neat team because they have 6 guys with fantasy value. That's a cool thing. Fun little claim to fame. Cleveland still without all of their horses managed to find a way to win on the road in Chicago mostly because they defend. Jared Allen, big game. 1917 in this one. When he can have a game without foul trouble, good things happen. Max Struce finally woke up. Still took him a lot of shots to get there, but 26 points, 7 assists, 5 threes, 2 steals, and a block. Craig Porter junior has been filling in relatively well for Donovan Mitchell. You could probably stream him if you think Mitchell's gonna miss another game with the illness. I just don't know about that. Dean Wade, Isaac O'Coral, those guys are more schedule y plays, but they've got the longer shelf life because they're in there basically for, Garland and for Mobley. Because when Donovan Mitchell comes back, they won't need Craig Porter to run point. That'll mostly be Donovan. We're seeing Kobe White slowing down a little bit. The popcorn numbers are still there with 17 points and 7 assists, but he's down, you know, outside the top 100 over the last week. And, honestly, you knew the 3 point and field goal percent couldn't keep up forever. He was on a crazy run, but he'll be fine as long as Zach LaVine remains out. Right now, I think I'm comfortable starting the starters for Chicago. White, Patrick Williams, Alex Russo, DeMar DeRozan, and Nikola Vucevic. They're all fine in my eyes. By the way, friends, DeMar is up to number 54. Vooch is at 57. Slowly, they rise. You're not even gonna really notice it's happening. DeMar's free throw percent is up to 83. Field goal to 45.5. Every little bit, those numbers claw up the board. He jumps 10 slots. He was 65 last week. Now he's 54. Does it again. He'll be into the forties. That's why I had tomorrow as a by low. It wasn't gonna be this massive, massive turnaround, but he was, like, 20 slots below where he should have been. Lakers got a big shooting game, beat Oklahoma City on the road. LeBron is a freaking cyborg. I cannot I mean, that's why you don't fade LeBron, Dan, you stupid idiot. Usage is down. Didn't matter. He's taking 5 fewer shots a game this year, and he's 20 slots higher because he's shooting 54%, making 2.3 threes a game, and he's at 2.2 defensive stats again. It's unbelievable. LeBron James is a 1st rounder, and he's 39. Well, he's about to be 39. I hear my dog barking in the background. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's home. Get used to it. I I honestly I just I can't even believe what LeBron's doing right now. The big news in Laker Town is that D'Angelo Russell got moved to the bench and only played 17 minutes. He was quite efficient in his 17 minutes, so that was good. But this may be, unfortunately, a little bit of a death blow to him. Lakers' new starting 5 is super weird. I don't know why this is the assortment of guys they picked. And it didn't last very long because you got more Rui Hashimura as the game went on. He scored 21 points. That's not a sustainable number. But if what the Lakers are trying to do here is get bigger, that could be a thing that helps Hashimura in the long run. No. I'm not picking up Rui in Roto. I do still think Torrian Prince who had some foul issues in this game. I do think Torrian Prince is still worth playing in most formats because he's usually getting big minutes and hitting a bunch of 3 pointers. So you can go LeBron. You go AD, obviously, Austin Reeves. And right now, I would bench Deelo. I'm not dropping him because this you know, these lineups are gonna change. I think, again, I like, Lakers won this ballgame, but it wasn't because of the starting 5. It was because LeBron was insane. It's because Ruwe played really well, and AD was good. And if you get good games out of your superstars and you get a good game out of Hachimura, you're probably gonna win. OKC is sort of a zero surprises place. Jalen Williams always plays well against the lakers. Still not getting as many steals as you'd want. Can't understand that one. Shay is a monster. Chet played well. Chet played well 19 and 10 with a steal and 3 blocks against Anthony Davis. That's pretty well. Like, I know he didn't dominate the way he has been, and he missed some free throws. You know, the percentages were worse, but that's the magic of Anthony Davis. You're just you're not gonna have your best games of the year against AD unless you're Jokic, because Jokic weighs, like, £50 more. You gotta be able to move AD if you're gonna beat him, and Chet ain't that strong yet. Warriors blew out the blazers. Warriors this peanut. And and it's so funny to hear Steve Kerr come out after the ballgame and say, like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I know my young guys are better than my old guys, but I had to make I had to make them prove it. You know what that actually meant? I can I can tell you what the the translation of that Steve Kerr line was? I needed everybody in the world to see how much my old dude sucked. So that way when I benched him, nobody gave me a hard time about it. Right? Because the discussion right now is, Steve, what took you so long to do the smart thing? That's a lot easier of a discussion for him to handle than beginning of the year, bench the old guys and lose the team. But between Draymond being suspended and Wiggins being terrible, there's been this opening for the warriors to play Brandon Podgemski, who's a fantastic play right now. I don't know if it's gonna stick all season because guys will eventually come back. But he's terrific right now. So Pogemski's gotta be gone. Klay Thompson's woke up, so that's good. He's he's rolling now. Jonathan Kuminga, when he doesn't miss his free throws, he's playable in most formats, but that's only, like, half of the time. So I like him more as a head to head play. Trace Jackson Davis is sort of the hot name in Warriorstown, but he only got 17 minutes in this one. He's doing a lot with his time on the floor. I do still think he needs to be on rosters to sort of see how this Draymondless run shakes out. This game was also a blowout, so minutes were kind of screwy, not hugely screwy, just sort of a little bit. So keep hold on Jackson Davis for now. Kuminga, again, he's not a guy I'm playing in Rodo. Podgemski is the one that, alright, is the easiest call on that side, outside of the usuals. And then for Portland, Malcolm Brogdon is a play as long as Shaden Sharp is out. Simons, he's just like, his three point numbers are crazy right now. Anthony Simons is hitting a lot a lot of 3 pointers. But it is also worth noting, he doesn't do all that much else. And that's why despite another 7 3 pointer game for him, he's outside the top 30. I mean, it's still good. And we haven't even really see the bottom come out at all. Like, there's gonna be a cold spell in here. So I think if you could sell Simon's for top 40, 50 maybe even, you do it. Anything lower than that, you probably hang on and see if he can boost his own value. Sharp being out maybe allows you to sell him for a 100 range guy. It's almost better when people are not seeing what his numbers look like when the team's healthy. And then once he gets healthy, I don't actually know what's gonna happen to Brog then. I'm a little worried that he does then fall off a cliff, but, you know, we'll take it as it happens. When Banyama sat out this last ballgame, so Zach Collins got the start and did a lot of good stuff. But and then Collins, I mean, this is 3 good games in a row. He had one good one in there while Wembie was actually playing. So he bought himself some more time. I'll give him that. I was basically ready to drop him, and then Wembie got hurt. And I thought, alright. Well, we don't need to drop him yet. And he bought himself a little more time. What does that mean by the end of this week? He might be off my roster by the end of this week. While he was getting, you know, 17 minutes behind Wambayama, he just that's just not enough time. And that's the only player really to note on this Spurs club because, I've mentioned it before. Anytime Devin Vassell has a big ball game, I try to sell. Anytime Kelden Johnson has a big ball game, I try to sell. Anytime Jeremy Sohan has a big ball game, I try to sell. Nope. Theo, I'm sorry. You can't come on this video. My child is pantsless, and he's trying to come on the video. Well, that was fun, wasn't it? I had a child who was completely naked trying to get on a YouTube video. Wanna Wanna get our account suspended? That's the way to do it. Try to remember to edit that out on the actual, audio side of things. So you'll just hear me and then the very quick blip over to the other half of that. Anyway, you guys know what I'm feeling on the Spurs. I know Kelvin Johnson's been better than expected all year, but guess what? He's now down to number 98 because we knew it was coming. We knew it was coming. I didn't know when. Vassell's number 113. Zach Collins is outside the top 100. Hold Am team's outside the top 100 except for Victor Wembanyama. Dallas, well, Luca was back. So, you know, Luca versus the universe, and that's usually good for him. As long as he doesn't tire out, that's good. Tim Hardaway junior, I think, is a play while Kyrie Irving is out. And then everybody else is a little bit iffy. And I know you're, like, damn, Dante Exum, how are you not getting more excited about this? Because I've never seen anyone who's more prime for a shooting drop off in my life than Dante Exum, who's shooting, like, 70% from 3 point land over the last 2 weeks. That is not going to stick. He's at 71% from the field over the last 2 weeks. Seventeen points, 4 boards, 3 assists, a steal, and 2 3 pointers. When that 70% from the field comes down to something in the forties like a normal person, his scoring is going to drop by 25%, which is, like, a solid 4 and some odd points. The threes are gonna drop by 25% or more. I don't know that the playing time is gonna stick. Maybe it does, but he goes from a 50 range guy to probably more like a 100. And that's why I've been kinda 5050 on him. Because every game that happens here, I'm like, is this a guy that gonna shoot 70% again? I don't know. I gotta go back and find out if my kid actually made it to the screen. I think I was able to keep him off of the camera there. And then Derek Jones junior is the other one that's, like, meh. I'm just not that excited about these guys. Last game on the board from Saturday, Minnesota wins again. Man, that team is good. Nasrid is starting to cool now, though. So he was a stream while warm guy, and when he's not as warm, get on stream. When they're healthy, it's harder for him to get that sort of inside track. And that's what happened here. Jaden McDaniels happened to have a massive, massive ballgame. I wish to god that he'd be this aggressive all the time, but he's generally not. And he's probably gonna somehow find his way to, like, that 115 to 140 range and sit there all damn season just like last year. So he's, like, he's a start in 14 teamers, and he's right outside the start in 12 teamers. I don't know that I see anything changing there, though. You know? I like, in this ballgame, it was certainly helpful that Karl Anthony Tans was out. And if Cat misses another game, I think he probably can go Nas Reed, because it's, like, okay. Well, look, Rudy Gobert is gonna have to rest at some point, and then Nas is gonna get some playing time. But Rudy was awesome in this one. 21 and 17, they needed him in there because Sacramento, like, you rest you you settle for even a moment, and the Kings will put up 9 points on you in 45 seconds. And so this just sort of wasn't a good fit for Nas, because he's not guarding anybody. Anyway, if Kat is out, play Nas Reed. I'm okay with that. I know this game wasn't very good for him, but typically if Kat's out, there's gonna be enough there. And it's, you know, it's good for these other guys to get a few extra shots. But, again, with McDaniels, this is, like, the thing we're just gonna pray and wish and hope that he becomes aggressive overnight, but it just, like, guys don't usually change their stripes like that. And then for the Kings, another good ball game out of Keegan Murray. We all this is, like, again, one of the easiest buy low opportunities on planet Earth. He's number 56 in 9 cat, and he's just coasting along right now. Let's play our, every week game of who the hell played on Friday that didn't go over the weekend. The answers are, Philadelphia, Miami, Phoenix, and Washington. Yeah. Alright. So here's Philly. Embiid is out. We talked about that earlier in the show. Embiid is out for the sixers game tomorrow on Christmas day. I know Paul Reed doesn't start in those spots. They usually let Marcus Morris start, but Paul Reed will get 25 minutes, and that's more than enough for him to put up fantasy value. So give me Paul Reed. Give me b ball, Paul. This will be a big game for Tyrese Maxey, big game for Tobias Harris. You'll probably get enough shots out of Kelly Oubre, because you take Embiid's league leading usage numbers out of the the pack, and then everything tips in that favor. Miami, you know, you have better stream stuff in this one for the Heat. Duncan Robinson had a better game. Caleb Martin had a better stream. Jaime Ayquez junior had a better stream. I'll be honest, though. I I don't really know who to stream for the heat right now. If Butler misses another one, I would probably probably just pass on all of it. Why like, why? If Raquez is starting, you could probably stream him because they love him. They give him all the minutes he can handle. He's finding ways to get some points and rebounds and a steal or whatever. But, like, you don't know if Caleb Martin might just disappear. And Duncan Robinson about is if he has a bad shooting game off the bench, he'll only get 18 minutes. So probably Aquez if he's starting for Butler. But, otherwise, I think I would probably just pass on the Heat streamers. The, other team was Phoenix. They're slumping a bit right now. I think Grayson Allen is a play in all formats while Bradley Beal is out. Otherwise, no surprises there. Drew Eubanks got the fill in start for Yousef Nurkic, and he was absolutely horrible. Udoka Azubuki, had 11 and 11 behind him. I I've gotta think that Eubanks has a decent ballgame in this next one, but, man, this one surprised the crap out of me. I'll give you that. And then Washington, they were kinda run out of gas in Golden State. This game was a blowout. Wizards closed the gap right at the very end of the ballgame. Kuzma left early, but I think it's because the game was, like, a 25 point gap. Either way, this was the Jordan Poole revenge game, and so he got to take a bunch of shots, but he remains outside the top 175 in 9 category leagues. Tyus Jones, I mean, he's just doing good stuff every single game right now. He's inside the top 60 in 9 cat. There's no real, like, supremely interesting notes on the Wizards other than, Coulee, not there until guys get shut down. Kuzma yeah. Like, you knew the wheels were gonna come off a little bit. He's still gonna be the the main focal point of their offense, but as his percentages came back where they always are, he's outside the top 100 now. Daniel Gaffer has been amazing, and then Denny Abdi has been slowly falling since the start of the year as well. So kind of all the same stuff. And that is your week ahead and weekend behind. Hope you guys have time to check this out before the games begin on Christmas morning. Remember to set your lineups tonight, Sunday night, if you can get a chance to do so before you leave the cookies and milk out for old Santy Claus. Thanks to those who are listening live. I know this is not exactly a day where most of you guys are hanging out and ready to talk fantasy basketball, because there ain't no damn games going on. But, enjoy the Sunday football. Enjoy Christmas morning, and enjoy the Christmas day. I will be back with you guys on Tuesday. That'll be a 2 for Tuesday. We'll have our by low show for the week, as well as the usual recap. We'll recap the Christmas day games. Seems like I could almost mash those into 1 show, but I think we'll probably split them up into 2. Again, no show tomorrow. No show on Monday on Christmas day. The games start too early. There's kind of no point. So, again, I will be back with you guys on Tuesday. I'm at Danvers on Twitter, sportsethos.com, ethosfantasybk, Discord in the, show description. Manscaped.cometho20 is the promos code there. Ethos 20, the promo code there. And make sure to let this show run to the end because all of these things run post roll ads. And if you guys let those play, I think it puts, like, 2 and a 2.5¢ in my pocket or something like that. So, you know, like and subscribe also. Okay. That's it for real this time. Later, everybody.