Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Yeah. I know scheduling's a little bit weird right now, and I, again, apologize for that. It's an adventure of a week at the Besper's household, but welcome one and all, wherever the hell day this is. Thursday. It's Thursday. It's Fantasy NBA Today. This is a sports ethos presentation. I am, again, Dan Vesperis. Guess I said my last name. It didn't say my first name. At danbesperis on social media. Should I have gone by Dan Walter? That's my middle name. Yeah. Probably. I went all the way back to the beginning of time. But I don't have that luxury now. It's too late. The Bessepris is out there. There's no going back on that now. Although I was briefly Dan Beebe when I was handicapping over at pregame.com. Those were unusual times. Unusual times. Darvin Ham may be on the hot seat out in Laker Land, and we had a bunch of guys yesterday that kind of solidified that they don't belong on fantasy rosters. And today's show is to go through all the games from a 12 game Wednesday and let you guys know who you can safely dump out onto the waiver wire because I know you're all looking for the next big thing, and you're gonna wanna know which player you can cut loose to do it. Luckily, today, we got all kinds of names for that. Before we get started, I wanna remind everybody that all the relevant links are in the show description. You can get my Twitter handle there. You can get the show, feeds there if you wanna pass it along to anybody, the Discord link, all that good stuff. And, of course, the, links for some of our lovely sponsors, Manscaped.com, ExpressVPN, to name a few. I would certainly be appreciative if you check them out as well. But let's go ahead and dive straight on into the fun or fun ish for some of these ball games because this first one was not. Wizards, all I need you to do is keep it close. And for a few games, they were able to do it, but not so much this one. Ah, well. Womp womp. It happens. Sometimes they're not gonna keep it all that close. And everybody was terrible, which at least makes that our fantasy analysis side somewhat simple. We were in the posture of streaming Denny Avia lately because he'd been hot. And, honestly, he actually wasn't that bad. And I know he shoot shot the ball terribly. Shot it horribly in this ballgame, but, you know, kinda who didn't? Kuzma, I guess, shot it okay. And that's still the case. Avia is in the stream while warm unit ward. You know what? That's it. That's the stream while warm ward. I don't know that there's a w word that you could use to, signify that we're playing the player, at least not without getting kinda weird. So it's gonna be the stream while warm ward. It's the the particular ward where we stream the guys that are warm. Avdi has been one of those guys lately. I think you can probably continue that because, you know, game wise, he was okay here. Just that, like, nobody got to play very much, and then his shot wasn't dropping. But, anyway, we should move on to the Cleveland side because after a month of shooting 32% from the field, Max Struss finally woke up. Finally. That was a tough month, man. He fell from, like, the 65, 70 range to the edge of the top 100. This better ballgame pushed him back up to 90, so he jumped, like, 10 slots with one good ballgame. And, you know, I don't know that he's gonna necessarily have a few games in a row like this, but we also know that he's not a 32% shooter long term. I think having at least one of Donovan Mitchell or Darius Garland around actually kinda helps Struss because he's more open. Playing the wizards also helps everybody because everyone's always open. But sometimes you just need a slump buster. That's what the wizards were in this ballgame, and let's hope that Max can build on that. He was never a drop because his minutes were still there. All the other stuff was still there. Steals, blocks, rate have been better this season, rebounds, assists. He just wasn't hitting any shots, and then he did. And, you know, everything magically fixes itself. Indy beat Milwaukee again. Bucks kryptonite is Tyrese Halliburton. And here's one of the drops. Malik Beasley is one of the drops. I know that, like, he fluctuates up and down in 3 point stuff, but that's all he's doing now. He had an interesting start of the year, if you recall, where he was getting other stuff, actually. It was weird. It was different. And, you know, I I wanted to write it off, but at the same time, I had to be reasonable about it because I was like, alright. Like, we're seeing this with Max Strouse, somebody in a new environment getting to do different stuff than they're used to. It's gone now. The rebounds are still sort of semi there, but the assists have trended back down where they always are, which is minimal. And the steals and blocks, which were actually kind of okay to start the season, those have gone back down to his career marks as well. And so now he's exclusively 3 pointers. And frankly, a 3 point percentage that I don't know if it holds up all season anyway. He's at 47% from downtown. He's doing his job what they need him to do, but he's not going above and beyond it. And so I think Beasley now, you can effectively move on from become a 3 point streamer, but he doesn't need to be on your roster all the time. On the Indiana side, couple of very quick notes on the Pacers and then one larger one. Aaron Neesmith only played 22 minutes in this ballgame, which, again, some of this stuff doesn't fully make sense to me with the way Indy does things, but there were units that were playing well enough, and so Rick Carlotta kinda just let it roll. Nesmith, while he was on the floor, was a plus 18. He's part of the group that built up the lead. He went 4 for 4. Anyway, he's a hold is the short version. Obi Toppin might be playing his way into the stream while warm ward, but not as of yet. Jalen Smith's minutes are not secure enough. We know enough about Benedict Mathurin, not to buy into that nonsense. The player I wanted to talk about is Buddy Hield, who transitioned to the bench 4 or 5 games ago, whatever it was. Pacers have won every ballgame since Nesmith got shifted into the starting 5. Jalen Smith also, by the way, over, Obi Toppin. This new starting 5 is just working because Rick Carlisle is for all his annoyances on the fantasy side, he's a good coach. He finds units that work together, and he's not, you know, married to one particular lineup. Terrible for fantasy, good for reality. It's annoying for us here from on the Fantasy side. But, anyway, now Buddy Heel is back into the doghouse. He got some pretty good minutes his first couple games coming off the bench, but lately, it's been, much more sporadic. I think he was at, like, 28 then 20, 13 mixed in there. That ain't gonna be enough. So I think you can probably punt on Buddy Heel that doesn't seem like he's about to get dropped back into the starting lineup anytime soon, because that starting lineup was losing, and this one is winning. They got their guy into the starting lineup. That's their hustle guy, their heart and hustle dude. That's Aaron Niesman. Every team needs to get that guy into the starting lineup, the one that hits a shot and will run through a wall. Look at the teams in the NBA that have that kind of guy and how they deploy them. Alex Caruso, perfect example of that kind of player. Bulls want him on the court anytime they can get him out there, provided he's not falling over dead on his face. Whatever. Let's keep going. Atlanta beat Oklahoma City. This was the sort of stereotypical letdown game. The Thunder had beat the Celtics, and I'd hotly contested match the night before. Then they had to go on the road and play an Atlanta team that was very much, more keyed in on this one than the Thunder were. Shea was having a bad ballgame and then ended up with 33, 138, and 8 because he just doesn't have bad ballgames. Jalen Williams, 5 steal performance as he continues to just slowly walk up the leaderboard. He's at number 64 in 9 cat now. He's played in 30 games, which I think is that all of them for the Thunder? Did he miss a single game yet? I don't know why I care that much. I think because we called him a buy low, and then I was like, why is this taking so long? He did miss a couple. He missed a couple. But, regardless, he was a buy low when he was in the nineties. I mean, it was another easy one. Steals were always gonna come around at some point. Sometimes it happens over 1 or 2 ball games. Sometimes it happens over 3 weeks. This is one of the instances where it happens over 1 ball game. Five steals one day. He jumps from, like, 0.9 to 1.1 on the year. That's how fast that can happen. Rare off day for Jed Holmgren. I don't think anybody is concerned because he's number 12 in 9 cat still. Sick. Why am I talking about the Thunder? Nothing changes for them on the fantasy side. How about them hawks? Jalen Johnson, 28, 7, and 3 with 2 threes, 4 steals, made his free throw, shot 60% from the field. Man, what a year he's having. He's number 37 per game in 9 cat, only derailed by a stupid hand injury that sidelined him for a month and change. Otherwise, he's been I I guess it's gotta be behind Derek White. Probably the biggest winners in on the Fantasy board, at least, like, the biggest jumpers. Because where was he going? Where was Derek White was going, like, 80, 90. He's number 15. Jalen Johnson was a last round sleeper, b 1 50 guy who's at 37. I'd like to put other guy I don't wanna put Kawhi in that mix. We've talked about this before. Scottie Barnes, obviously, Chet Holmgren, James Harden, much as everybody hates to hear it. These guys are big winners. Tyrese Maxey down to number 22 now, friends. I love it. He's the guy that we were high on, but he's kinda coming back to earth a little. Yeah. I said this on Twitter yesterday. I'm bouncing back to the hawks now because I keep getting derailed by the fact that I, haven't been sleeping all that great because my kids are sending bodily fluids everywhere. Sadik Bey had 10 points, 8 boards, 2 threes, a block, 3 out of 12 shooting, hit a couple of free throws. I'm frankly tired of playing Sadik Bey, which I know isn't really fair because as fill ins go, he's been fine. But over the last month, he's shooting 38%, so he's kinda hurting more than he's helping. If you can catch him on the right week, 2 week, 3 week stretch, he's been fine. You know, for the season, he's sitting just outside the top 100, which is playable in most formats. I just I really want the hawks to get healthy so that I can safely say no more, Barry. And right now, he's still teetering right on the brink of being a 9 cap play in all formats. 2, 3 games will go in a row where he's good, and then 2 or 3 where he's not as good. He's not bad enough or he's not inconsistent enough, I guess, I should say, to be in the stream while warm ward, but, man, I am ready to not have to deal with his up and down crap anymore. And as soon as Deandre Hunter comes back wipe our hands of this nonsense. Brooklyn is a mess. They shot 39%. They have no offense right now. Is it that they need Ben Simmons back? I don't know. I don't think he's coming to the rescue anytime soon. Will there be a coaching change? I don't think that a coach is gonna fix this, but it does feel Brooklyn and the Lakers right now are the 2 teams where it feels like something's about to pop, whatever that might be. Brooklyn tried moving Kim Thomas to that sort of bench gunner role, and he is as cold as ice. By the way, he was willing to sacrifice by coming off the bench. Not that he had a choice. Almost all of the regulars on the nets are in a buy low posture right now. Mikael Bridges basically couldn't be any worse than he's been. Cam Johnson, less of a buy low because he's somehow kind of surviving the ugly. Same with Nick Claxton surviving the ugly somehow. You guys know I'm not particularly high on Spencer Dinwiddie's fantasy game, but, technically, if, you know, if he fits your build, he's a little bit of a bilo as well. Question is how long does it take for this team to sort of pop the cap on whatever it is that needs to change? I don't know. That I don't have the answer to. For Houston, they're down a few bodies, and, by and large, they've had trouble winning while down a few bodies. But here, getting to play against a a different team that's having even more trouble winning was good for what ails the Rockets. They've, what, they won a couple in a row now. What are these games? They beat the they beat the hapless Nets and then the worst team in the NBA in the Pistons. Obviously, you like what you're getting out of Changoon and and Freddie VanVleet right now because, you know, most of their teammates are hurt other than, I think, Jabari Smith junior. Jalen Green is fine, but he he's not hurt, but he's also not good. They need Tyre Eason. They need Dillon Brooks. I hate that this Ethan knee thing keeps cropping up because he was really coming on. And with no Brooks around, like, the sky was the limit, but he can't stay on the damn floor. You're holding on Ethan. His Fantasy game is too damn good. Like, he absolutely positively must be on your team. If you're wondering what to do with Jayshaun Tate here in his fill in role, I I think the answer is if you wanted to go schedule play, that would be the the heaviest I'd go there. Same story for Cam Whitmore who put up a nice line in 16 and a half minutes, but, I mean, 16 and a half minutes. That's the story there. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Pele's are on a little run right now, mostly since they got healthy. They're down Trey Murphy, but they've won 4 games in a row. They're improving on the road, which is a big deal, and where they won this one. Zion's been better. Still looks a little bit, let's call it stocky, but when he's engaged, it kinda doesn't matter. You just now have to hope that the stockiness doesn't deliver any sort of injury to him. Getting Larry Nance back was big for the Pels. They now have that sort of defensive unit they can go to. They have someone that can spell Jonas Valancunas if he's like in this game, he had some foul issues. There are certain instances where they can deploy kinda different looks. This is a deep team. Now that they're mostly healthy, they can they can handle a lot of the competition, and they can do it without hitting a ton of 3 pointers. Now they hit 12 in this one because McCollum and Herb Jones each had 4, but they're not one of the leading 3 point shooting teams. But they can guard some people now that they're getting their guys back. As far as fantasy goes, Herb Jones is a play as long as Trey Murphy's out. When Trey's been in, Herb has been bad. Otherwise, everything is pretty much telegraphed on that club, so we move on to Minnesota where basically everything is telegraphed as well. The only story for the Timberwolves right now is that they've hit a little bit of a funk. What did they lost? 2 in a row? It's a mini funk. They had that big win over the Lakers before the year turned hard fought ugly game, then they lost to the Knicks and now to the Pelicans. I mean, it's not they're not like they're playing bad teams or anything. Anthony Edwards has been on a pretty good run lately. It kinda feels like the wolves go as Mike Conley goes. He's had 2, I wanna say, pedestrian games, but certainly quieter ones, and then they lost. But Conley's been good. Conley's number 66 in 9 cat. Rudy Gobert is in one of his little mini funks as well. He's dropped to number 80. He's been cruising along in the sixties for a while. I think he probably gets back up into that range. Just this one wasn't a very good matchup for him. Zion ate him alive, but there's nothing you're really changing with this wolves team. You just you know, you hope that they put up better offensive or fantasy numbers in the next one and move on. Looking for more possible drops, I'll give you one on Toronto. Gary Trent junior. Was kinda curious how he would fare. The odds were that it wasn't gonna be very good because they traded OG Anunoby away and precious Achua, and, you know, OG was getting starters minutes, but Achua wasn't playing very much. And they brought in 2 guys that are likely to see starters level minutes in Immanuel Quickley and RJ Barrett, and they did. And so Gary Trent was the guy who loses out because he was picking up some of those extra minutes, and those extra minutes are now no longer extra. What was also nice in this ballgame is that we finally got a full starter's complement to minutes for Jakob Poeltl, who's been I mean, from a minute standpoint, he's been all over the damn map this year. Luckily, his fantasy game is good enough that, you know, he's at 26 and some odd minutes, and he's number 84. In 9 cat, He's got his free throw percent up over 50 now, so that's been a big part of it. Would love to see some more games where he approaches 30 or even clears it like this one because then he's a top 50 kinda guy, but, you know, we get what we get. As we say to the kids, you get what you get, and you don't get upset. Dennis Schroder has embraced his bench role. He continues to hang out just outside the top 100. He's at number 118 in 9 cat. That's fine. Again, we've talked about it before, nowhere near that top 50 start. I also said this before. I was really worried when Schroder started top 50 that I missed on that one by a 1000000000. I did not. I had him in the 1 thirties. He's at 118 now. I still missed, but, like, what the hell is actually the difference between 130 and 118? Like, 10 points over an entire month, probably. Whatever. Not really a miss, luckily. Feel better about that. As far as Emmanuel Quickley goes, I mean, he was an obvious add the minute this trade went down, and you got to see some of that here. He was good. He was one of their most effective players in this ballgame, and sky's the limit. No. That's not true. Sky's not the limit because he doesn't give any defensive stats. His field goal percent is a negative. He turns the ball over a fair amount. He doesn't usually rebound or pass very much. You might see more assists. This Toronto team embraces ball movement in a way that the Knicks maybe sometimes don't, question mark. And that would certainly help. I'd be pretty floored if Quickley could get inside the top 50 just because he has that sort of prototypical shooting guard game. But, man, if the usage is there, good things are gonna happen. For Memphis, the, I don't wanna say the the Ja Morant shine has come off, but he gave them a nice little sort of kick in the tushy when he came back, and now they've come back to earth a tad. They're, still fine. Obviously, way better than they were without him, but they're still not really contender level. Man, do they miss Steven Adams, like, a lot a lot. Fantasy wise, you got really 3 guys to worry about on this team. I said that on Twitter, and somebody called me out for the Marcus Smart, exclusion. But when I said it last week, I still wasn't sure that Smart was gonna be a top 100 guy, and he really hasn't looked like it yet. I think, what, 5 steals in a block in that first game coming back, and then things have leveled off. And he doesn't get to shoot very much, and he's not getting to pass all that much. And so I just I'd you know, I don't think Marcus Smart is gonna end up being a playable fantasy guy. Where is he at on the season now? 141? That's going the wrong way too. I think you hold a tiny bit longer because at least this is a guy where we've seen succeed in fantasy. But I bet you he's gonna be a drop in the next week, week and a half also. I've given you plenty of drops already today, so I don't think you need to work all the way down to the Marcus Smart part of your board, but maybe. Dallas spanked the blazers who are still without Deandre Ayton, but Anthony Simons came back and looked like he was still sort of catching his breath in this ballgame. You can basically throw this one out. Game was over super early. Scoot played 30 3 minutes because they wanna just get him playing time anytime they can do it, and he wasn't a pillar of inefficiency here, shooting 2 for 11 from the field, 2 for 4 at the free throw line with 6 turnovers. And this is why you don't draft rookies. This is why if you wanna stash them, you do it with the expectation that they're better after the all star break. Time honored tradition. Malcolm Brogdon, back to not being all that relevant because Simons and Sharp are in, as is Jeremy Grant. I guess I should make sure to include all 3 of those guys. When though those 3 guys are in, Brogdon goes to the bench, and then he doesn't get to do all that much. I've gotta think the Blazers are trying to move Brogdon before the trade deadline. There are a crap ton of teams that could use a competent like, a very competent backup guard. There are a lot of teams where he'd start. But, I mean, look at the contender list. Just go down the board. Who are some teams that could use a veteran like that? Sure he wouldn't hurt if to for the Thunder to have someone like that on their club. Nuggets to have a backup, because Nuggets are thin. They win a lot of ball games because their starting 5 is ridiculous, but they're kinda thin. Clippers are a little thin. Kings have enough guards. Pels have enough guards. Mavs. Oh, Mavs could use some depth. Rockets could really use some depth. Suns could use some depth. Lakers could lose use some depth. There's a lot of teams just we even went in the Western Conference, looking at Brogdon and going, come on. Come on. I'm looking at the, the chat room, and Daniel Infante asks why I'm a Manuel Quickley hater. If that's what you took away from that, that is absurd. Daniel, what what speech did you just listen to? What what did I just say that that's I mean, listen. I like, I really appreciate you watching, and I appreciate the comment too because it makes me think, what the hell did I just say to make you think I'm a hater? Quickley is going to be a must roster all formats guy on Toronto. It does not make me a hater to say that he doesn't rebound and he doesn't pass. He might pass a little more in Toronto. His field goal percent is going to be low, and that is a hard 9 category stat set to get inside the top 50 is what I said. I don't think it makes me a hater to say I don't think he's gonna be a top 50 guy. And if you're looking at how he was on the Knicks this year, pre trade, he was outside the top 160 because of all those things, plus Thibodeaux using him stupidly. He's a good basketball player, but he misses on a, like, 4 to 5 categories in 9 cat, which caps his upside. That does not make me a hater. That makes me a pragmatist. I am a handicapper here on this show. Immanuel Quickley getting to do a lot of stuff, which is what's gonna happen, means he needs to be on every roster. When I saw the news break, I was on vacation in Yosemite. I still got to the computer and said, make sure you add him immediately. But top 50 is a is a deep stretch, and I just wanna make sure that you guys actually do the lifting here. Don't just be like, oh, Emmanuel Quickley is gonna take 18 shots. That makes him an automatic top 25 kinda guy. That's just not how it works. Guys have to be able to do 7 6, 7 categories, and he's gonna be points, threes, free throw percent are gonna be the 3 big ones. And if we get real lucky, he'll get you 4 assists instead of 2a half. But that's still a small positive. He doesn't rebound. He doesn't get steals and blocks. He doesn't shoot the field goal percent well. This is not a knock. This is why you then look and compare to other players on the board. If you don't wanna do, like, the deep dive on projections and things like that, and you're like, okay. Well, who's another guy who scores a bunch, gets some threes, hits some free throws as kind of, like, the 3 big things? How high do they go? You're like, well, does that sound like Tyler Herro? It sounded like Tyler Herro, like, 2 years ago, but he's since added more rebounds and steals to his repertoire. So no longer and Herro, by the way, who I think is, like, sort of a best case scenario for Quickley, remove the rebounds, remove some steals. Heroes at 23 points, 3 and a half threes, 4.4 assists, 45% from the field, 88 at the free throw line. Let's say that it quickly gets to those numbers. But instead of 5 and a half rebounds, it's more like 2 and a half to 3. Instead of 1.4 steals, it's, like, 0.9. That brings him outside the top 50. So that's why I said what I said. It's not a hater thing. It's about understanding how numbers equate to fantasy value. But, again, the short version is start him everywhere. The long version is understand what his actual value is. What can that get you coming back? Things like that. Let's keep rolling along here. Dallas. Derek Lively is hurt again, which is a huge bummer, because he has this he has really good fantasy game, and he just can't stay on his feet. So listen. I'm a pragmatist, as I just said. I would love to tell you that you absolutely, positively must hold on Lively until the end of time. I wish that you could, but I also understand if you can't at this point. Because, you know, without a clear timeline, This is a guy who's sitting near the top 100 with upside because his minutes have just kept trending up every time he can stay healthy and and learn on the fly. But if you don't know if he's gonna be back for a week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks, whatever it is, I get it. I get it. Try to hold if you can. I understand if you can't. Kyrie and Luca are gonna do the bulk of the damage for this team now. Tim Hardaway was an easy drop the second that Kyrie showed up, but Grant Williams got hurt again in this ballgame. And so now that may open up room for I don't know about Derrick Jones junior. Possibly, if Dante Exum comes back, he's sort of a possibility here. I I personally don't think any of those guys maintains top 100 value with both Kyrie and Luka healthy. But if you wanted to hang on to any of them, it would be ex him because, you know, he's gonna be wide open all the time, and that's sort of the way he was making his living over the last couple of weeks. I also think that you wouldn't end up feeling all that terrible if you moved on from all of the Mav streamers and just thought, meh. Like, what's the best case scenario for these guys? Still not all that great. Thing is, I've already given you, like, 3 or 4 guys that are probably droppable on today's show. So do you really need 2 more? There are, like, 6 drops coming out of yesterday's card. Chicago lost at New York, not for lack of try. DeMar DeRozan, good ballgame. Alex Caruso, great ballgame. Kobe White bounced back. Andre Drummond, please stop taking free throws, Andre. Can we please have a game where he doesn't take free throws? But and it's a big but. It's a wide load. Zach LaVine likely back by the end of this week. So things are about to change for the Chicago Bulls. What I would remind all of you before you guys all call me a hater again is that Kobe White was bad when Zach LaVine was in. I did a breakdown of it on Twitter. Twitter, what's Twitter? It's it's the evil cut it's actually might be the good cousin of Twitter right now. Used to be the evil cousin. Now it's the good one. So Twitter and Twitter, I I did a breakdown on Twitter, and I think I mentioned it on a show, like, a week 2 weeks ago maybe. Kobe White's week by week performance this year has been extremely illuminating. It was something like 180, 150, 220, then I think he had a 40 top 40 week, and then then it's back to, like, 200 again. And then Zach LaVine got ruled out for a month, and it was, like, 25, 15, 40, 50. And then he cooled off, and it was outside the top 200 for the last week and a half. Then he had this good ball game. All that to say, with LaVine out, Kobe White's been closer to, like, a top 60 play. And with LaVine in, he was pushing the back end of the top 200. Patrick Williams went from an afterthought to near the edge of the top 100, and so I am genuinely concerned that those 2 guys fall off a cliff. You're not dropping Kobe White in advance of this news. That would be insanity, but prepare yourself for the possibility that it could get kinda ugly for him. Still, we we know that LaVine remains on the trade block. Even if he is actually gonna be coming back and playing for the bulls again here in the next, we don't know, 1 to 2 ball games, They're still trying to move pieces because they remain, slightly better than they were to start the year, but overall, pretty bad. 15 and 21, you know, 5 and 5, their last 10, I guess, but they're the 11th seed. They're not even the play in right now. There were a half game up on the Hawks yesterday. Now it flip flops. So they're still looking to move some stuff around, but Patrick Williams will be a drop when LaVine comes back. Kobe White might be, like, a a stash at that point, head to head. Maybe you still deploy him, but we've seen that when the usage isn't there, there isn't enough of that other stuff because he's a points, threes, assists, free throw percent guy. And those things dry up fast when you go from 20 shots a game back down to, like, you know, 12 or 13. Like, it it was a substantial usage bump, one of the biggest. And I've taken a lot of heat over the last 4 weeks, about not being higher on Kobe White to start the year. I I would change nothing of what I've done. The lesson learned there was that I should've I don't know. Like, the Bulls seemed so hesitant to move any of their key guys. So the fact that within the first, like, 3 weeks of the year, it dropped that they were thinking about moving Zach LaVine, that was way earlier than I expected. That was the mistake I made. I thought that it would be later on, December, January, February, when they're like, alright. Fine. Actually consider blowing this thing up. But they did it in November. And then the shutdown and, you know, it seems like Zach LaVine has actually been hurt, because this would be a pretty long shutdown if he wasn't. And then also actually letting him possibly come back and play for the team. I guess we'll see. Anything can happen over the next 24, 48 hours. But, anyway, get ready because it was bad for these other guys when LaVine was playing before, Kobe and Patrick. For the Knicks, Josh Hart, I think we can pass. Dante DiVincenzo, pretty good in this game again, but 25 minutes is not enough. That's the part you need to take away from this. Don't look at the fact that he had 2 good ball games in a row. You gotta look at the fact that, historically, he's needed more than 25 minutes to produce consistent fantasy value. So far this year, he's actually been on a better per minute clip, mostly because he's hitting threes at a very strong rate, 2 and a half threes in 21 minutes ballgame, and he's at 1.1 steals in only 21 minutes a game. So, like, the if you could just extrapolate that line and say, okay. Maybe he plays 25, 26 minutes, that gets him over 3 threes a game. It gets him to, like, one point 3, 1.4 steals. Would that be enough? Yeah. Maybe. But I feel like we know enough about Di Vincenzo over the years to know kinda what he is. And percentages are both gonna be bad, so he's gonna have to do a lot of 3 and d to counterweight that. I'm not a full believer yet. If he becomes sort of the Tibbs guy, the Tom Thibodeau guy, because he tends to have his guys and his minutes trend up to 2728, I think I would change my tune. And I know we're not that far away from it, so I'm a little bit hair splitty. But 25 long term just isn't enough given what we know about his Fantasy stat set. Just because he's been good for a few games here, I can't fully buy in. He's close, though. He's coin flippy right now. Again, just a minute or 2 more might get him over the hump. So, you know, stream away, when guys are that close, they're certainly at schedule stream level. But I do think we need a tiny bit more in terms of playing time to push him over that full, like, start everywhere kinda ledge. Clippers won again, although Phoenix was without Kevin Durant again, so that certainly played a role. Clippers shot 55%. Suns 53. There wasn't a whole lot of defense in this game. Friends, Kawhi Leonard, good at basketball. He's number 7 per game in 9 cat right now. James Harden is number 13. Paul George is number 14. Clippers are a freaking fantasy gold mine this year, but not much to take away from this one. Zubat's is at 121. That's just his landing place. He'll have some good ones. He'll have some bad ones, and nobody else is really worth paying attention to when they're healthy. For the Suns, I'm holding Grayson Allen until something forces me not to. He's been very good. Someone all year has basically been out for this team, so that's been helpful. But it does seem like he has the fantasy game to exist around superstars because he hits threes, he gets steals, he does it all at a good clip, and then they'll give him a ton of minutes. So he'll just sort of backpedal into 3 or 4 rebounds and 3 or 4 assists kinda deal. So Grayson Allen is a hold for now, and, nice to see Bradley Beal ramping up. Good. Good. We move along. Detroit, Utah. This was a wild one. Overtime game that featured over 300 points. Bojan Bogdanovic, huge game. Jalen Duren, big ball game. Cade, big ball game. The only story by the way, you know, I don't take victory laps when guys do what I say they're gonna do. I just sort of move on, but this is the fear with Jaden Ivy and why he's more of a points league kinda dude. Playing time not guaranteed, production not guaranteed, points league fine, 9 Cat, no on Jaden Ivy. Livers and Burks, those are the two names to look at on Detroit right now. Alec Burks is very much in the stream while warm ward at the moment. He is currently warm. So Monty Williams is giving him robust playing time. He didn't do all that much besides score. He had threes and have decent field goal percent in general, but you can stream while warm. Livers is starting at power forward. Astar Thompson played 11 minutes. Detroit's trying stuff. He didn't do enough with his 37 minutes to warrant a pickup, but at least keep an eye on that for Detroit. But no moves to be made from it. This is more of a watch list kinda thing. And, look, I'll admit, I've been too skeptical of Simone Fontecchio. Too skeptical. But I think I have every right to be pretty skeptical, because on the season, he's number 194. But a lot of that was when he wasn't playing at all. So you kinda have to look more at, like, the last month since his playing time's gone up to more like 27 minutes per game, and he is right on the border of a 12 team, 9 cat, all format sky. 27 minutes a game, he's at 12 points, 4 boards, a steal, half a block, and 2 point 23 pointers with serviceable percentages. So when he gets 35 minutes and gets off to a hot start, Then he manages to be inside the cut line. I think he's I mean, listen. You wanna know what I'm actually gonna do myself? I'm fine with that. I mean, I'll put that out there. We're I'm a fantasy analyst, so I gotta sort of take a stand. He's probably not a guy I start in roto because I don't trust that he's gonna shoot 55% long term or average 2 steals a game long term. And that's what he's been over the last week because he's running hot right now. Head to head, go right ahead. Easy decision. He's running warm. When a guy's on a hot streak like that, there's sort of no hot stretch or hot streak. I put the two words together. There's sort of no real downside to playing them on the head to head side, so roll them there. I'm personally too nervous to use him against the games cap because I, like, I don't see these things lasting, and that's fine. If you have bigger stones than I do on Roto, have at it, but not my thing. I like to be much more safe, conservative with my Roto games cap deployment, which brings us to the rest of this insane jazz roster. Keontae George has been shelved while Utah's currently trying to win some ball games, so luxury stash at the very most. Kelly Olynyk had been doing quite a lot lately. He only got 20 minutes in this game. He's a stream while warm Ward kinda guy. John Collins, his minutes has been have been, pretty loudly trending down since the start of the year. He's just a straight schedule play. Jordan Clarkson explodes like this for a couple games in a row about once every 2 to 3 weeks. You probably can't sell on Clarkson because I'm guessing no one in your roto league wants him. Over the last week, even with these giant games mixed in, he's still outside the top 120. For the season, I don't is Clarkson even on the board? Yeah. 196 because he's a field goal percent full tank who doesn't hit that many 3 pointers, and doesn't get defensive stats and turns the ball over a crapload. He's just not a 9 cat guy. But then he has these you know, he had a triple double in the game before this one and then a 36 point mega whopper here and basically, like, kinda won the game for Utah. You might be able to convince somebody in your league that he could be a top 109 cat guy. The you it it wouldn't be true, but you might be able to convince someone. Meanwhile, Walker Kessler, who is being, dramatically underrated this year because his minutes have been stupid, is at number 66 in 9 cat, and they're not even letting him play. Nine points, 8 boards, almost 3 blocks a game in 25 minutes a night. If that number get in, he was at 29 yesterday in this overtime double no. Single overtime. The double overtime game was later. He played 29 minutes here and had 6 blocks. He's an absolute Goliath on the interior, and we just need the minutes to be a little bit higher. I don't think you can buy low on Kessler anymore. That was earlier in the season. It's certainly been good enough lately. And then Collin Sexton, somehow still a hold. They've had this guy languishing, doing nothing for, like, a season and 2 months. Everybody got hurt. Finally, they're like, alright. You know what, Collin? Go do whatever. And now everybody's coming back, and they're still letting him play. For the life of me, I cannot figure out what the hell Utah is gonna do on a game to game basis. But right now, Sexton needs to remain on rosters. He's been, excellent over what it is about that. 22 to 3 weeks since the whole team got hurt. Top 70. Can't move on now. Miami beat the Lakers 110 to 96 without Jimmy Butler. Lakers shot 42% from the field, had 24 turnovers. Not Anthony Davis's fault. Get that man some help right now. 29 points, 17 boards, 3 steals, 5 blocks, 6 assists because teams are doubling him as the Lakers run the ball through AD sometimes now, and his passing's gotten better. 9 out of 10 at the free throw line, jumbo size game. AD's actually put a little bit of space between himself and Nikola Jokic on the 9 cat board. Number 3 behind Shea and Joel Embiid. Oh, that's a big ball game. Austin Reeves got a start. It took, like, half the team being hurt for Darvin Ham to finally let him start, and he was good. He's one of the only Lakers who had any bounce in his step. Let's get to the let's do the Heat first because the Lakers, I think, are a deeper story than just the superficial box on this one. First of all, you're streaming Jaime Achaiz junior when Jimmy Butler's out. That's a pretty easy one. Duncan Robinson is borderline. I'm not streaming him when he comes off the bench. So, I mean, that was this ball game. So no. I'm not streaming Nikola Jovitch. He had a better ball game here, but some of that is just the fact that the Lakers are like, they have just they're so disjointed right now. And then Kyle Lowry had a nice steals game because, you know, Lakers with 24 turnover. Somebody's gonna get a few of those. I haven't been starting Kyle Lowry lately. So for the Heat, I've been playing Adebayo, Hero, obviously, and then Raquez. And then, Kevin Love has been kinda weirdly useful over the last what is it? I mean, we're we're multiple weeks into this Kevin Love being, like, kind of okay thing. Probably a better fit for head to head, because he's mostly points and boards, sometimes threes, sometimes free throw percent if he can get himself fouled. I don't know. He went 2 for 6 to foul on this ballgame, which is extremely weird for him. Honestly, I I don't think I have the the stones here to use him in Roto, but he Duncan Robinson, both those guys, even Lowry, you could probably use on the head to head side, but aren't really good enough for Roto. Haquez is good enough for all formats, at least while Butler's out. And there was a Jimmy Butler question in the chat room, and I was sort of waiting, to come back around on that. You guys are wondering what the future holds for Jimmy Butler. The weird thing for Butler right now, is not the injury because he always misses a few games here and there. That's just kind of been the story for Butler. He misses 15 to 20 basketball games seemingly every year. The weird thing with Butler this year is that his steals are way down. Most of the other stuff is not all that far off. Field goal percent's a little bit lower as well. I have every reason to believe that much like with Jalen Williams, some of that begins to come back. I don't know if he gets to that top, like, 10 to 15 range where he has been, I think, 2 or 3 of the last 4 seasons, But I don't think he's gonna be in the 45 range where he is now. The thing about Butler is I mean, his draft position is so weird. He's someone that last year, I targeted everywhere because he was going at, like, 35 in some spots. And I think he was a little earlier than that this season, and so it was slightly less safe, but still it felt relatively safe. I do think that Jimmy crawls himself back inside the 2nd round on a per game basis when he gets healthy. The steals, the field goal percent being sort of the big things right now that are, different year over year. Adebayo doing more has been part of it. Kyle Lowry not being out for, like, the entire year. He'd have a few more options. I know they lost Max Strouse, but some of the other guys have kind of been able to step up. Those are things I'm not as as worried about. For Butler, the thing I'm looking at is steals. I'm looking at steals. I'm looking at a field goal percent. 1 or both of those probably trends up, and I'd be pretty floored if he didn't get inside at least the 3rd round, which would be, you know, near his ADP as the season goes. So no panic, really. You know, probably not top 15, which is a shame, because, usually, he can be a pretty easy second rounder. There's still a chance that he gets there. I don't wanna take that off the board yet, but I don't know that it's necessarily as much of a shoo in as we figured. Because a lot of kind of big name players this year are not getting steals the way that we thought. Butler going in the mid to late twenties, early thirties felt like a guy where you're like, alright. Well, worst case scenario, he ends up, like, right around where he was. And, the steals and field goal percent are not there. So we need him to get his butt climbing up the board. And I still think again that he can get into that, like, 25 to 30 range, which would be right around his ADP. He wouldn't be a hit in that spot. I'd still be annoyed about it, but at least it wouldn't be sort of a a a small loss, which is where we're at right now. Let's see here. What else we got going on? Let's talk about the lakers because, there's something amiss with this team. First of all, LeBron had a down ball game, which, you know, it happens. He's been pretty unbelievable so far this year. He was in the first route. He falls back to number 16 with this bad ball game. It still feels to me like his steals is a number for LeBron that's gonna come down. Felt like the efficiency was gonna sort of peter out as he gets a little more tired as the season goes, but that's not the story in this ballgame. One down game for LeBron means nothing. The issue with this Lakers team is that they're being run poorly. A few things are at play, and I don't wanna go too far down the Lakers rabbit hole, but we need to do a little bit of it to understand what might come next. First of all, Christian Wood is now, like, back in instead of Jackson Hayes, which is fine. You know, the lakers have they need offense, and Wood is vastly superior at that end of the floor to Hayes, who's the better defender, better box out guy. But the Lakers are sort of in a pick your poison spot right now. And some of that has to do with, Rui Hashimora being out for a while, and now D'Angelo Russell's out for a little bit, and Cam Reddish is playing in every other game, and Jared Vanderbilt is very clearly not a 100%. All of these things matter. On top of that, Cam Reddish turning back into the pumpkin that we basically knew he was. He had come out of nowhere to be this high energy steals guy. They'd never been at any point in his career, and not surprisingly, he ran out of gas trying to do that. And all the while and we spent too much time on this the last few shows, but it it bears repeating because there's a report this morning that the Lakers are that the that Darvin Ham has lost the locker room. And I you can understand it because he's the the way he talks during postgame pressers is just like, yeah. You know, we're never discouraged. Have some passion, man. I think he sees the writing on the wall. I don't know what the timeline's gonna be on that, but I think he sees the writing on the wall. And he, at least for some stretches yesterday, was willing to give Max Christie a little more run. But, like, the thing that keeps jumping out to me is that, you know, Torrian Prince was over 6 shooting yesterday, and he played 29 minutes. There's absolutely no reason why ice what an ice cold Torrian Prince should play 29 minutes. I don't care how banged up the team is. Find something else. Find some other lineup. He was one of the biggest negatives on the team yesterday. Cam Reddish, he doesn't have it anymore. Those 2 guys don't need to be starting. I like Torrian Prince when he's hot. He's a big 3 point streamer, and he was a go go go the last, like, 2 or 3 weeks because he was warm, but the shine is off. You can drop him too. I liked him. Now you don't have to because this stuff comes and goes. If he gets hot again, well, play him again. But they need somebody with some energy, somebody with some grit, some belief. I have no idea who that is on the current roster. I would have said Ruhi, and and he's out again. But there's a problem right now. Because right now, Anthony Davis is looks like about the only guy well, I'll give Austin Reeves. Max Christie also. These are the 3 guys that to me look like they're playing extraordinarily hard every ball game. And LeBron is 39, so he can't. He's amazing. He's a cyborg, but he can't sprint back on defense every single time if you expect him to carry the damn team, which they've done they've expected again for long stretches this year. Someone else out there has to be running, and there's way too many plays. And you see this, they're just like they're dejected. They're down. They get off to another bad start, and it's the same old crap. Something's gonna change on this Laker team. I don't know what it is, whether it's gonna be a trade, a firing, or both. I just I go through all of that, all those hoops to say, be ready. Because the Lakers send off, say, if they trade D'Angelo Russell and Torian Prince and Rui Ichimura or whatever, and they bring back one guy like Zach LaVine, you know, that may open up stuff. Because then there may end up being, like, a 5th guy who gets all of the bulk minutes instead of where he is right now where there's, like, 4 guys that are all splitting minutes because they all kinda stink. I feel bad for Jared Vanderbilt. He's obviously not himself. He's moving slowly. Lakers are running different schemes this year that make no sense. I like, they're all over the map then. That team needs a shake up in a bad way. I think it's coming. When? Again, I don't know, but be ready. Same story as Brooklyn. And finally, Orlando, Sacramento double overtime fun in this ballgame. It was fun for some folks, not for Franz Wagner who got hurt 5 minutes into this thing, and not for Gary Harris who got hurt 11 and a half minutes into this ballgame. Those guys were out. Wendell Carter junior is kind of a maybe. Goga Matadze played 28 minutes. Moe Wagner was the center who didn't get to play in this one. That center situation is a mess. Paolo Banchero had 43 extraordinarily inefficient points in this ballgame. He went on a crazy run where he scored, like, 18 straight. That was pretty awesome. But the 8 turnovers and all the missed free throws are I mean, mean, that's why you like him in points leagues and not as much in 9 Cat. Is there a pickup? By the way, again, this is why you held on to Jalen Suggs because he's good. But is there a pickup with Wagner and Gary Harris going down? Are there multiple pickups with Wagner and Gary Harris going down? Because these are 2 starters. I think you consider adding whoever moves into the starting lineup because Powell is gonna do a ton, and Suggs is gonna do a decent amount, but there's gonna need to be a 3rd guy willing to go take some shots. Caleb Houston had 15 points and 4 steals, but he only took 6 shots. Chumokiki at 11 and 7 with 3 threes. He only took 5 shots. Treble and Queen played 38 minutes, took 7 shots. Who is it going to be? Could Markelle Fultz resurface here and be that other guy? I doubt it. I think if you told me I had to choose from one of these dudes, I'd probably go Okiki because we know he has a great steal rate from when he actually got to play a couple years ago. And he gets some threes. He can get some rebounds. I'm not convinced that Caleb Houston can do enough besides hit 3 pointers. It felt I I mean, you're not gonna get 4 steals every game so that you have to sorta chalk up to a little fluky, barely in rebounds or assists. So you kinda look at the guy that can get you some of the other things, and that's Chuma Okeke. I don't know that he's gonna be a starter in their next ballgame, but it kinda feels like he almost has to be. And if we get the word on that I think they play on an overflow day, though, so it probably doesn't end up helping you all that much. Does Orlando play on Friday? Is it their next ballgame? Yeah. They're in Denver. I don't know that you're gonna be able to use a guy if you pick him up on Friday, but it feels like Okiekie's probably that dude. And, yeah. And then for the Kings, Malik Monk got called out by his coach in a previous ball game, and he responded 37 points. He played 46 minutes off the bench. I feel like there was a strat I feel like he played almost, like, 25 straight minutes at one point in this game or something crazy. Keegan Murray got lit 28 points. Anytime he has a bad ballgame, you just try to buy low, because people are, like, oh, no. Sabonis went 2020 with a triple double as a big ballgame. These guys played crazy minutes. Chris Duarte only played 20 minutes as a start 10, excuse me, 10 and a half minutes as a starter. This is why you didn't jump at him after one kind of, like, marginally decent ballgame. We saw Bad Deer in Fox in a rare twist. He'd been really, really good lately. Always gonna be held back by the free throw percent. He's number 29 in 9 cat. He's gonna be better than that, in points leagues, blah blah blah. Just repeating things. But, again, this is why you held Malik Monk after the bad ballgame. He'll be fine. I feel I feel like I wanted to say more about Orlando, and then I didn't do it. It doesn't matter. Quickly here, a couple of really good I I like these questions in the chat room because you guys are getting more broad stroke with your stuff. Those are things that I can talk about on the program because they're not team specific. Oh, Adrian Benjamins. AP, what's up, dude? Awesome. This is a blast from the past. So, I don't know if you guys were Hoop Ball followers back in, like, 2017, but Adrian actually filled in on this show. That was in the summertime. I think I only did 3 or 4 shows a week, and then Adrian and, Neil Roshlani filled in on Fantasy NBA Today. That was back when I used to take time off. What an idiot I was then. They were also the hosts of the Box Score Breakdown, a show that's been sitting quietly just waiting for sweet, sweet Adrian to take it back over again. We miss you, dude. That was awesome. Hope you're still watching here at the end of the show so you can see your shout out. That's not the thing I was talking about. Tony says, how high are you on Tara Eason in general? To quote the great Harold and Kumar, I'm not low. I liked our Ethan a lot. He has a really translatable fantasy game. He's number 89 on the season and only 21 and a half minutes per ball game. That's including all of the games where he wasn't getting very many minutes as he ramped up from injury. He's number 65 in 25 minutes a game because he's a great rebounder. He's a great steals guy. It just it translates nicely. And if he could keep that damn knee healthy and get up to 27, 28 minutes, he does have, you know, top 65, top 60 potential. Top 100 feels like basically a guarantee the rest of the way, again, provided he could stay healthy. What else we got here in sort of this broad stroke stuff? I'm not going over the trades, guys. You give me a trade. I'm not breaking that down. Oh, this is more more thoughts on Kobe White. Alexander says, the reason he was bad with Zach LaVine was because he was shooting terribly. Here's the thing, guys. Kobe White is not that great of a shooter. He's at 44% on the year right now, and that has him right around the edge of the top 100 in total, basically. I think Yahoo has him at 102, and Basketball Monster has him at 106 at 44%. You are right, Alexander, to say he was bad with LaVine in because he wasn't shooting very well. But it's also really important to note, he's able to float his value with what we call popcorn stats in the industry, points, boards, assists, and sometimes threes. These are the stats that accrue the fastest. They pop like popcorn. Blocks, steals, things like that, they come slower in smaller increments. You know, one steal per game is league average. Point 7 blocks per game, league average. League average in threes is, like, closer to 2. For scoring, it's 15, 16. For rebounds, it's 6. For assists, it's 3 and whatever. Hope that part makes sense. If you guys can go back and do me the favor of looking at the game by game, the shooting was bad, but the number of shots was also way lower. Look at the number of shots. I'll try to pull this up on the fly here if I can do it. It's not that easy without putting together a very bad podcast. But if you look at the date range, basically, the 1st month of the year, say, October 24th to November 24th, 1st month of the year, and just look at the number of shots that Kobe White took in that stretch. 11.5, and he shot 41%. He was outside the top one eighty. Even if you adjusted that up to 44%, that does not make him a 9 cat startable guy because he still would have been subleague average in points, rebounds, steals, blocks, field goal percent. The one thing where he ends up well above league average in threes and a little bit above in assists. He was at 4 assists per game. 32 minutes per ballgame, still playing big minutes, but wasn't getting big shots. If you go to the next month, which is basically the Zach LaVine out month and, again, I'm I'm sort of, fudging the edges on this a little bit because I wanna do it on the fly without messing up the show. Top 35 played 38 minutes per game with LaVine out, shot 50% from the field on 16 shots per game. Five extra shots per ball game, and he went from subaverage shooting to above average shooting. But where does 41 and 49 meet? 45, which is basically where he's at for the season right now because over the last 2 weeks, he's been bad shooting again, and it's dropped back down to 44. What is Kobe White the rest of the way? Is he the 16 shot per game guy, which, again, 16 shots per game at 44%, he's still startable. He's not top 35, but he's still startable if he was getting 16 shots. 50%, obviously, that comes down. The threes, the points, all that stuff comes down with it. Assists will also come down when Zach LaVine comes back. Is Kobe White a top 100 guy when that team is fully healthy? I still don't know if we know. So, yes, you're right. He shot the ball poorly during those 1st 4 weeks, 5 weeks, whatever. 41% is below where we expect him to land when all is said and done. But where has he been? Basically, every season of his not that long, but long enough. NBA career so far. 39, 42, 43, 44, 44. 43, 44 is who he is. So if his shot attempts go back down to 12 instead of 16, does that keep him inside the top 100 if he's shooting 44%? I don't think so. I think that's 130, 150 range. Can he shoot 46, 47 percent? Any stop 100? Sure. Do the shots stay at, like, 14 instead of dropping all the way down to 11 and some odd? Maybe. Those are ways that he could stay. But, again, outside the top one eighty to start the year, and only a little bit of that 20 to 30 slots worth was field goal percent. A lot of it was just way lower usage. But Zach LaVine, DeMar DeRozan, Alex Caruso, all these guys are still on the trade block, so they could still be gone in a week, a day, whatever. And that's where I am on that one. Alright. We're over an hour. Whoops. Sorry. Threw a question back up there. We're over an hour now, and I forgot to tell you guys anything about our sponsors. It's also basically time to wrap up the podcast, so let's do it all at once. First of all, at Dan Vesperis over on Twitter. Kisses to all of you guys who follow me over there. Discord link is in the show description. Hoping to get a Bilos show going this afternoon. We'll see. Time is fleeting. Time is fleeting when your children are depositing goop all over of your home. It's been a rough week here at the Bestpres residence. I will take your pity. I accept all of it. Lay it upon me. What else did I wanna tell you guys about? I know I'm forgetting something, and I'm gonna be pissed about it. Please do like, rate, and subscribe. And then, of course, check out our buddies atmanscape.com promo over there. The code is ETHOS 20 for 20% off and free shipping on your order. They only get the short promo today because it's the end of the show, and a lot of you guys have probably, moved on anyway. Point blank, Mitch says, let's talk in Discord, boys and girls. Don't leave out. We got we got everybody coming in through here. Whatever you are, come to our Discord. We'll talk fantasy basketball over there as well. Again, hoping to get a bylaw shot today. I said that yesterday, and it didn't happen. Maybe today? I'm Dan Desperis for Fantasy NBA Today. A sports ethos presentation. I almost said a hoopball. I was thinking about Adrian Benjamins there for a minute. Miss you, buddy. See the rest of you guys later. So long for now.