Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Come on up, kiddo. Alright, everybody. Oops. I did it again. Oh my goodness. Goodness. Okay then. Hey, everybody. This is my younger son Theodore. Oops. I did it again. Very good. And he's been listening to Britney Spears. Anybody, I do drive me crazy. Theo will be turning 4, in 3 days. My god, the blobby, blobby, blobby. That's nonsense. We're gonna talk streaming here in just a second. Theo, can you lock us can you lock Addie in the room? Is that okay? No. No. I bought an oops. I did it again. Okay, dude. Alright. Lock me in. Okay? Hello. Oh, Yep. There you go. Does that make you think about the COVID days when kids are just running on every show? What's happening, everybody? I'm sorry. I'm a little bit late today on this one. We wanted to go, about an hour ago. We got big stuff in, in the works here at Sports Ethos, and sometimes we gotta get those big things knocked out before we can do a little streaming chatter. Welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. Shout out to Theodore. I am Dan Vesperis. This is a sportsethos.com presentation, and we're gonna dive right in because, we all gotta get our lineup set in the next, like, 55 minutes. So there is really no time to screw around today. Here's a streaming board for those that are watching with us live. You can see, this week, next week, the week after that. I get we got a 3 week sample size. Probably not all not as easy to see when I go this wide on it, but this is where you can see kind of how the color coding all seeps in. What I wanted to do today was talk a little bit about today, but also through the weekend and into next week. If you guys, if your leagues are not over on Sunday, which I know some are over on Sunday. I have, 2, actually, that are over on Sunday. I got a couple that are still kicking along on the head to head side. And now with the road, it goes to the end of the regular season, but that sort of inconsequential here on a head to head streaming show. So let's start with the bad schedules, and we'll work our way from those, and then we'll get into a few questions at the end. I know a number of you guys put questions in our morning show, and I said, hey. Take them to the afternoon show. And now I'm gonna try to abandon ship too quickly. So I promise I'll do better. Worst schedules right now. Dallas is the worst schedule the rest of this week. They don't have any games the rest of this week. Dallas finished up their calendar yesterday. They're off for 3 days now before they have a back to back to start next week. But remember, next week is also an overload Monday. So it's nice that they get a Tuesday game in there, but it's not the end of the world. Obviously, the problem here is that Dallas has 2 extraordinary fantasy assets and one very good one in Daniel Gafford. So it's hard to drop anybody. Gafford is the one you drop if you're in a tight battle that goes on through next week. And then, obviously, if your league is over on Sunday, you can drop any of them. That's a pretty easy call. Orlando is the other, kinda clunky schedule here coming up. There's really the only 2 today that I would classify as bad. Orlando plays tomorrow, but they're off for 3 days after that. So, technically, Magic right now are in a one game in 5 days span. And because no one plays a back to back this weekend, which will become sort of more relevant when we talk about what's coming up here in a second, if you don't make a move off an Orlando Magic player today, there's no way to, to really maximize things. If you really like your Magic player, you could hold them through tomorrow, but then you're kind of loading into next week. And you pretty much, at that point, need to make a move on Sunday, and that's fine and all. Thing is, of course, a lot of teams have 2 games left this week, and a couple even sort of pivot into a decent front end of next week. And, that's why Orlando creeps in as a team you might wanna consider moving off of today, but, certainly on Sunday. Your good schedules starting today are pretty level almost across the board. There are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 teams that all play 3 times in the next 4 days. 3 of them start that with a back to back today, tomorrow. That's Portland, San Antonio, and Toronto. Those teams also go 4 and 6 in addition to the 3 and 4. Boston has a back to back and a 3 and 4, but they don't go 4 and 6. They play today, tomorrow, and Monday, but they don't play Wednesday of next week. And then the teams that also play 3 and 4, but sort of we call, like, an inverted 3 and 4 where they play today, and then their back to back is Sunday, Monday. Those teams are Cleveland, Indiana, the Los Angeles Clippers, and the Philadelphia 70 sixers. So those are all your teams. And, again, you know, the only difference between the Portland, San Antonio, Toronto, Boston grouping, and that second half is the flexibility side, where if you wanna go the back to back side, first, Portland, San Antonio Toronto Boston, you could conceivably get off of those teams on Sunday if you really wanted to, if you wanted to if you had a move left over somehow and you were trying to squeeze out one extra game. Typically, you're not gonna have a ton of moves left over on Sunday, to to utilize. You probably use them, especially with the number of injuries that have happened this week. You probably used all your moves up on injured players anyway. If you haven't, lord knows by the end of tonight, you will. So there isn't that big of a difference between all of these. 1, 2, 3. What did I what did I say there was? 9? There's really no difference because you probably don't have the moves to make another swap on Sunday. So the list of players you could go with, you know, 9 teams, you got a pretty good option here, is significant. The favorites would be Peyton Pritchard and and Sam Houser who's back for the Celtics because we already know they're resting half their starters in each of those two games, so those guys are gonna get a lot of extra run. Caris LeVert, obviously, in Cleveland. George Niang is not a bad to sit, option there. Nesmith McConnell on the Pacers are a good fit, among these teams. Indiana, of course, in that sort of inverted one, same with Cleveland. Ochai Abagi is an interesting one for Toronto because Gary Trent just got ruled out about, 45 minutes ago or something like that. So Abagi might be okay. And then if you wanna get a little bit of the the sort of a deeper dive, Scoot on Portland, Luke Cornett in Boston, Terrence Mann for the Clippers campaign in Philadelphia because you figured Kyle Lowry probably gets one of the back to backs off. And if you wanna go real deep, Amir Coffey, Mo Bamba, you know, Jalen Smith, if he's upright for Indiana, Chris Murray, Jabari Walker, Grady Dick, Daniel Theiss, Sam Merrill, these are all, you know, guys that barely qualify. But, you know, if you're in a deeper league or if it's a hypercompetitive one and you're just trying to squeeze out an extra game or 2, those are the names that are way down in the deep part of the barrel. But what if you're looking beyond just the worst schedules, today and then sort of early into next week? What if you're looking, I don't wanna say tomorrow necessarily? And here's the thing. You know, I know that the, the graphic for this show talks about how we're gonna be discussing streaming throughout the weekend. Streaming tomorrow Sunday is crap. You should be using your moves up today because there are no weekend back to backs. Scheduling starting tomorrow is a bleep show. There's really almost nobody in the NBA that has a good schedule starting tomorrow. Sacramento would be, I would argue, maybe the only one, but they were already a team that we discussed 2 days 3, 2 days ago when they started their 57. So why you'd wait until tomorrow to pick up a Sacramento king? I haven't a clue when you could have gotten them on Wednesday. So there's almost no one that you should look at tomorrow and go, oh, yeah. This is this is a move I gotta make. And it's kind of similar on Sunday, not exactly similar. It's only kind of similar in that the teams you're looking at on Sunday are largely the teams we just talked about as playing 3 games in 4 nights. Did I say Detroit? They're in there also, but their streaming options are crap. Yeah. We talked about Indiana. We talked about the Clippers. All you the inverted back to backs on Sunday, where then they now have a back to back Sunday, Monday, and a bunch of those teams roll into a game on Wednesday. But, of course, next week is a little bit confusing, because you probably want teams that play on the non overload days. So, yeah, Sunday, Monday, you might be able to squeeze that game in on Monday, but it doesn't really matter if the guy you're streaming plays Wednesday, Friday because you're probably not gonna be able to use them. So, like, if you're picking up a pacer on Sunday, that's a little goofy. Probably should've just picked them up today if you were gonna go that route. So you get today, Sunday, Monday. And then if you wanna move off of them for somebody that has a light schedule or like, days quality days schedule, like Milwaukee or, New Orleans are the 2 teams that go Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, that's when you abandon ship. So the overarching thought here before I get started talking too fast, is that there isn't a whole lot to be gained by picking up a team that plays on Sunday unless it's Milwaukee or New Orleans. But New Orleans is of like, you could do it today if you wanted to. And, frankly, frankly, we talked about doing it yesterday when they still had 3 games and 4 nights the rest of the week. So that one was already off the table. Milwaukee is off for 2 days today. So that would be one where if you had a move left over on Sunday, go to Milwaukee. You've already done the New Orleans thing, so that shouldn't really be an issue. And then no one else is really all that exciting. I mean, Oklahoma City, they roll into a 4 game week next week, but it's Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday. So you get that one light day, but then you roll right into the heavy days. There just really isn't a great schedule for next week that involves doing something tomorrow or Sunday other than teams that you probably should have already been streaming anyway, like Sacramento, like New Orleans. If you're picking up those guys to on Sunday, you you've sort of missed a lot of the joy. You're getting them for part of the okay schedule, but then, I mean, look. Even beyond that with Sacramento, then they're off. They play one game over 4 days after Tuesday next week, and it's on a Friday, which you probably wouldn't be able to use that dude anyway. So the actual answer to that question, well, Dan, what do you do if you have some if you have a move left? Use it now. Use it today. Today's the move. If you are streaming for next week, as we've already Milwaukee, New Orleans are the teams to go for. Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sunday are the 5 more relevant days, because Monday Sunday, you might not be an overload. Wednesday Friday, you almost definitely are. So grayed out your team now. Find out guys that play on Wednesday Friday that you can abandon ship on, and consider doing that immediately. So don't just look at the guys that play the least amount or the most because you might be in a bit of a bind, and it's better to plan ahead. So, like, for instance, I'm in a league I'm in a Yahoo league where I gotta buy this week, because their playoffs just started, and then you've got next week and the week after is the actual and I'm actually gonna be in in true battles. I picked up Malik Beasley this week. I mean, I don't think he's gonna be all that good next week, but you go on Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, and I know I can use all 3 of those games. And I'm praying that the opponent I'm going up against is not gonna be the guy who has dudes that already go on those days. That's gonna make my life a whole lot tougher. Those Yahoo leagues suck, by the way. Fab overnight for head to head daily moves is just, like, beyond an atrocious way to have to play fantasy basketball. But, anyway, that is what it is. You can game plan out in front on that. Try to get somebody that, you know, you go Sacramento for Monday, Tuesday. If you were just looking at next week, so say you had to buy Sacramento goes Monday, Tuesday. If you wanted to just get a bunch of guys that went Monday in a band of ship, Dallas goes Monday, Tuesday, and then you flip off of those dudes for, you know, Thursdays Saturdays. Because Boston goes Thursday Saturday, Monday, Thursday, Saturday. So they're not a terrible schedule for next week if Monday is not an overload day for you. So if you wanted to do, like, a Monday, Tuesday back to back for Dallas, Sacramento, and then assuming you were maxed out on Wednesday, go Boston or Milwaukee or New Orleans. I think Atlanta plays one of those down days also. Right? They go Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, so you could switch off to Atlanta at that point. And that's how you do it if you have a buy this week. Use a bunch of moves to max out your Monday, Tuesday. And then on Wednesday, you can you can use probably 2 to 3 moves if you really wanted to to load up on, Thursdays Saturdays, dodging Wednesday Friday, and then you use up the rest of your moves, either on, you know, Saturday or Sunday or whatever it is to try to finish out the week strong and then roll into the following week. But it's also worth pointing out nobody again next week for the 2nd weekend in a row has a weekend back to back. Alright. Hopefully, we were able to jam that out in, 15 minutes. Quick question check now from the chat room. Thank you everybody for, hanging out with with my my younger son on today's show. Sorry about the late start. Should we drop Gafford if it's a tight matchup, or is he too good to hold? It's tight matchup you gotta drop. I'd love to hold, but maybe you can't. 12 team roto league. Here we go. I need to make up a ground in 3 pointers, free throw, and field goal percent for a chance at first place. Would you drop Nick Claxton to pick up, Norman Powell or someone like that? I won't drop in categories Claxton provides. It sounds like you know that you could get away with it. I don't know if you have any other centers that you could drop, because field goal I mean, field goal percent. Right? That unless that and you're talking about field if you're talking field goal percent also, Claxton's very powerful in that. So I don't know if there's maybe a different option you could take. But, anyway, please rank for next week. Alvarado, Jordan Hawkins, Pat Connaughton, Jay Crowder, Patrick Beverly. It's probably yeah. These are some bad ones. Probably Crowder, Alvarado maybe Alvarado first, then Crowder, Connington, Beverly, Hawkins, then Beverly is probably last there. Drop Drummond for a 2 for 1. Is that because Chicago only has one game left? Sure. Yeah. I mean, he's not very good, so you're not losing much. Is Westbrook an immediate add if your championship week starts April 1st? No? I mean, it depends. Are you competitive in either of the percentages? Nah. Let's see here. Best stream for field goal percent, free throw percent, and no turnovers. Yikes. Oh, here. Here's some options. 1 game of Okongo or 2 of Cornette. Okongo just got downgraded to doubtful due to injury management, so you probably gotta go Cornett there. Should I drop, Taylor Hendrix or Kean Ellifs to activate someone in the IR? I would probably drop Hendrix because of the, Sacramento schedule is excellent right now. Utah only has one game left this week, and then they go all overload days next week. So I'll take the guy where I can actually utilize the games he's playing. Thank you for the birthday wishes for my kiddo. Would you rather have one game of Keon or 2 games of Neesmith? Yeah. I mean, I guess that 2 of Neesmith. I'm almost always gonna go 2 over 1. I know Sacramento's got the nice back to back to start next week, but if you're in a tight battle, you gotta go with the guy having, you gotta get the extra game. Best pickup for a back to back today and tomorrow. That would be one of the Celtics, Pritchard, or Hauser in my mind. Prefer them over anybody on Portland, San Antonio, or Toronto, because I don't know if anybody's gonna be playing on Toronto. Best Portland player to pick up and hold for next week. Probably Scoot. Maybe Jabari Walker of all these fringy dudes. Maybe du operates. Sounds like Ayton might get a rest day in there. With Lowry done for the week, and it's my finals Whoops. I just lost the thread there. Should I drop him for Oubre or McConnell? I'm gonna go well, I mean, a little bit is about what stats you're attacking. If you need assists and steals on better field goal percentage, McConnell. If you don't care about your field goal percent and you want scoring in threes and maybe some blocks and probably a few extra rebounds, then it's Oubre. They're very different. Oh, it's points league. Go, Oubre, man. Shoot the moon. Shoot the moon. Homie, I got Nance, and I hope things turn around for your sake. I told you, man. I don't know. I don't know. He did play, though. We haven't heard him being ruled out. You asked me if he was gonna play in the back to back, and I said I thought he would. He was awful, but he, you know, played in the front end. So, hopefully, I get that right. Is Marvin Bagley a start? I'd like to see one game first. Trace Jackson Davis, Sam Houser, Jaden Ivere, or Delano Banton tonight, or should I risk adding Naz Reed? I'm gonna go points league, I'd probably go I've I think Hauser's gonna have a nice ballgame. Man, alive. That's a tough one. I'd probably go Ivy, but this may be a better question for a DFSer, points leagues. Not all heroes wear capes. I'm assuming that's for me. Thank you. Should I add Santi Aldama or Herb Jones for the next week or so? Herb, because they've got that great Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday schedule. Tobias Harris or Trace Jackson Davis or Ochaiyabaji or Sam Houser for the rest of this week. Two games, I think, for everybody there. Oh, boy. Honest to goodness, I don't know. Isn't Tobias Harris questionable? If he's playing, I'm probably going Tobias. Oh, hey. Nas Reed's back. So there you go. That's good news. He just got ruled in about a minute ago. Fun fun fun for a dun dun dun. Good news on the Nas Reed front. If Tobias is playing, I probably just gotta go to I know he's been awful lately, but I'd probably go Tobias. Obviously, if you need field goal percent in blocks, you go Jackson Davis. If you need threes, you go Hauser. If you need, like, the safe floor but no upside, you go Abbaji. And then Harris is the guy you're sort of, like, praying he gets pulls himself out of his little funk. Probably, Tobias, if he's in, but yeesh. Is Caleb Martin a drop for Peyton Pritchard? Well, you're only getting you're not adding any games there, so I don't like this move because you're going from 2 games this week to 2 games this week. If you could find somebody to drop that only has one game the rest of this week or none, that would be the way to go. Oh, nerdy nerd. I know you're I know you're messing with me. Alt 1,000. Points league. Should I risk getting Nas? Yeah. Grab Nas, man. You just got ruled in. Let's go. Hot damn. It's Nas time. No show tomorrow. Celebrating my kid's birthday tomorrow. 2 days early. And, actually, that's not true. We might have a show in the morning if my older kids' little league game gets rained out. So that might have a makeshift show like this one, but we already did it. Repeating myself, like, in a bleep. You know what? Alright. Thanks for hanging out with us here. I know we gotta set our lineups. I gotta set my own, actually. It's been a really busy day. Thanks for hanging at Dan Vespers on Twitter. I forget what I usually try to push on you guys. Just follow me on social media and subscribe however you take into the show. Subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, grab. That's the big thing. Follow or subscribe, whichever one is easier. And, make sure you listen to the advertisements because that's how we, pay the pay for the car. This is the Subaru Impreza. Alright. Thanks to Theo for popping on today's show too. We had Asher on a lot of shows over the years. Theo hasn't been able to join me all that often. That was adorable, him singing Britney Spears at the outset. And I figure how I'm gonna edit that into the audio only version. I'll go do that now. Oh, you still need one ad between Trace Jackson Davis, Ivy Hauser, and Banton? I think I guess I'm going Ivy. Hurts the gut. Non cat, I think I'm going Hauser there. Alright. I'm out. I've done so many pods today. Recorded a show, with Ryan Wharck. That's gonna be fun. I'll be on his show that drops, I think, today. And then, what I'm hoping I can do maybe I should just see if it works right now. Let's see if this works. Oh, no. I didn't download the file yet. I'll demo it in the background. We'll see. I got some tech I wanna try to roll out here, see if StreamYard can make it happen. Kisses. Hugs. Kisses. Thanks for another awesome week. I'll see you guys over the weekend at some point. Keep our seasons going, man. Let's go.