Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I really wanted you guys to have enough time to check out the thumbnail for today's show, which is unquestionably my finest handiwork, perhaps ever. I mean, it's got it all. It's got a rudimentary Photoshop. It's got a pun. What more could you ask for in life? But puns and rudimentary Photoshop skills. The answer, friends, is nothing. That's all of the stuff. Good Wednesday morning to you all. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sportsethos.com presentation. I am at Dan Vesperis, your host, Dan Vesperis. The at is for those of you that are plugging it in on social media, and I hope you guys will come find me over there. Please take a moment to check out the show description. We've got a link to our Discord. We've got a link to our upcoming trade deadline live show. That's 2 weeks and one day from today. That's the Thursday, February 8th, 7:30 AM Pacific time. We're starting first thing. Crack o dawn out here, And it's a 5 hour live show, so have it help me. Please do, by the way, navigate over to that page and drop a little thumbs up on it before the show gets started. We're up to 413 pre thumbs ups on the trade deadline live show. Very cool because I was kinda open to get to 500, and it seems like we might be able to do that in the 1st week of, trying to get you guys to hit that thumbs up button. So thank you to everybody that's done it. Thank you to anybody that's about to do it today. Like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff, and, let's get into the news of the day. Big news today, of course, is not a player. It's a coach. Adrian Griffin axed, sliced, carved, punted as head coach of the Milwaukee Bucks. I probably should've looked this up beforehand, but I'm pretty sure he has, like, 3, 4 years on his deal. So as embarrassing as it might be for Griffin, he can sit in a lounge chair for the better part of half a decade, and basically never work again if he doesn't want to, but he probably will. So he'll probably latch on as an assistant coach somewhere. Who knows? Maybe take some time off. The bigger news is not the fact that Griffin was fired, but the replacement, and it's Doc Rivers. How, I ask you all, how to quote the great Jesse Pinkman? How does he keep getting away with this? Doc Rivers, who by all accounts seems like a a like a pretty good leader. We know he, led the Clippers through a tumultuous time with the Donald Sterling the end of the Donald Sterling era and then into this sort of majestic new Steve Ballmer universe. And he went to the sixers, and he led them through a little bit of tumult. But at the end of the day and, you know, I I try to give everybody at every level of everything as many benefits of the doubt as humanly possible. Doc Rivers has been flat out bad at head coaching, I mean, pretty much since, like, year Sterling. You know, he got the Clippers through that. That was great. They needed someone that could shepherd them through a difficult time. But since then, he's just had a series of epic playoff flameouts, of poor adjustment making in the postseason. And, you know, we're talking about the the Celtics big 3 championship, which, like, we're talking a very long time ago now. That's, like, 15, 16 years ago. He hasn't really had the type of and I get it. Like, medium deep playoff runs you could call success. It's to some level. But, like, compared to expectations, he's been a colossal disappointment for the last 14 ish seasons outside again of being the guy to help the Clippers with a transitional era. He was the right guy for that. A strong a presence. The Clippers needed a presence to get them through that era. Is that what the Bucks need is a presence? Feels like what the Bucks need is ingenuity. It's like fresh new thought on how to run a defense or an offense or whatever. I mean, maybe Doc's been doing a whole lot of soul searching and self reflection, but it sure seems like he's mostly just yucking it up on the sideline, which frankly seems like a really good deal. And as a broadcaster, I would give anything to have had the job that Doc Rivers just gave up. It's also and looking at the Schaums report on all of this thing, and I'm not gonna throw that tweet up on the screen, because it would take me longer than it would take to just read it. The Schomb's tweet from about an hour ago says, and I quote, the Bucks started discussions with Doc Rivers as an informal consultant in early December. It's a month and a half ago. And Tuesday, that's 2 yesterday, began working toward a lucrative contract to have him replace Adrian Griffin as head coach. So this dude, the doc, comes on as a consultant informally. Though don't worry, friends. It's not formal. It's a very informal consulting gig. He's just gonna be giving you some measured guidance on a few things A month and a half ago. That's how long it took Doc Rivers to convince the people in charge through, I'm sure, a series of very well meaning notes as his consult consulting gig that the problem could only be solved by 1 man, and it was the informal consultant. The call is coming from in inside the building. I mean, this is brutal. I get it, man. Cutthroat and all that. But if Doc screws this one up and I'm not far be it for me to say what's gonna happen next. We've seen, I think, enough of Doc Rivers since the Boston Celtics championship to have a pretty good idea of what's gonna happen next, but we don't know. Anything can happen. Anything can happen. If he screws this one up, this will be the last chance because you can't do what he just did to get the job, to effectively and, like, maybe more details will come out about this. I I reserve the right to go back and change my opinion. But as of this moment, my opinion on this situation is Doc Rivers snaked ahead coaching job. He came on as an informal consultant 6 weeks ago and informally consulted his way to a job that they had just given to Adrian Griffin after firing, Mike Budenholzer. Adrian Griffin signed, a I think it was 4,000,000 a a year. I forget how many years we're out of this deal. So it wasn't like, you know, some of these head coaches are getting 8, 9, $10,000,000. It wasn't one of those blow it out of the water contracts, but it wasn't nothing. That's a lot of money to just kinda have floating around out there. What does it mean for Milwaukee's fantasy prospects? You know, I honestly don't know because Doc Rivers has had different impacts on different players. He tends to be, kind of big man friendly on the offensive side, but, you know, the big man in Milwaukee is, you know, Dan Vesper's favorite, Brook Lopez, but he's not exactly the feature the focal point on offense for that team. So we'll see. Honest to goodness, I haven't a clue. I would assume that Fantasy values stay somewhat unchanged. We'll probably see some more adjustments on the defensive side, and, hopefully, that doesn't knock out any of what Lopez does well. And you'll probably see a coaching bump of some kind. You'll probably see the Bucks play well for a few games. And then I feel like reality is gonna set in, and the whole thing is gonna realize that what did they really get here? Anyhoo. Let's talk a little bit about yesterday. Denver beat Indiana 114109. Indy hugging there pretty well, considering they're without Halliburton for the week. Buddy Hield had a total garbage game, but you're hanging on. As long as he's starting, you are holding. He's been very good as a starter for Indiana. He has these games every once in a while where he's a total tank mess disaster. Don't worry about it. Andrew Nemhard had 157. TJ McConnell had 17 and 7 off the bench. They split the point guard minutes 2721, which unfortunately kind of and I both both of them actually had okay lines in this particular ballgame. But by and large, if that's the split, then neither one of them has sustainable fantasy value with Halliburton out. You need Nembhard to get about 33 minutes to get there. You need McConnell to get to about 24 minutes to get there. So as they're currently built, we needed to just tip one way or the other by, like, 3 minutes, and then we have a take. And I get it. A lot of you watch a podcast like this, and you're like, damn. They both had good lines. Why aren't you saying pick up both of them? Well, because we know enough about these guys. This is a show. This podcast is teaching you how to handicap fantasy basketball as well. We know Nembhard's stat set. We know McConnell's stat set. You can't be swayed by Nembhard shooting 7 of 9. One ball game. You can't be swayed by McConnell taking 11 shots in 21 minutes. That's not gonna be his shtick. Now his field goal percent generally is good. So with McConnell, that's why you only need 24 minutes because the steals, the assists, the field goal percent, this interesting combo of stuff usually gets him there. But we know from many years of McConnell and from far far fewer years of Nembhard what it actually takes to get them there. And here, Nembhard going perfect 6 for 6 from 2 in this ballgame, not a repeatable thing. We know that. Aaron E. Smith, I think, is a hold. And a lot of these guys, by the way, will be better when Halliburton's in there because of how the offense gets run because Nembhard just isn't that great of a point card. Easy peasy, lemon squeezy. Nothing on the Denver side. Everything is everything. Nothing is nothing. Start the starters. Don't worry about anything else. And then, you know, I I probably should clarify. Aaron Gordon is a start the starter only in particular formats. He's not a 9 cat value on the year. There's just nothing ever changes in Denver, so we don't really need to talk about it. The Knicks beat the Nets 108, 103. This ended up being actually we had more com slightly more competitive games yesterday than I think we thought we were gonna get going into it. Good news for the Nets is that McHale Bridges had another excellent ballgame. He's on a nice little run right now, and he's pushed himself up, to number 83 over the last month, I think. And 78 on the year. So the month actually, it's really more like the last 2 weeks for Bridges. Whoops. Dano, you have the wrong timeline plugged in. He's number 28 over the last 2 weeks, and nothing about what he's done over the last 2 weeks is all that wildly unsustainable. He's at 25, 5, and 4. The defensive stats are a little bit better. He's at 46% from the field, which isn't, like, blowing the roof off the building or anything. And then if you go just the last week for Bridges, it's kinda the same thing. Field goal percent's a little higher. Free throw percent is lower. This all feels repeatable. This all feels like what we thought we were getting with Bridges on the year. So, hopefully, he can keep trucking along as sort of somewhere between 2545. And if he can do that, maybe we'll forgive the first half of the damn season. As far as the rest of the situation out here, remember we talked on yesterday's show about why I didn't wanna deal with Precious Achuwa? Well, here you go. He didn't even start. Jericho Sims got the start, did block 4 shots. That's the good news for Sims. The bad news is that he doesn't really post much in the way of fantasy value. Because if he didn't block 4 shot 4 shots in this game, there really would have been kind of nothing for Sims. So I'm not picking him up. I'm not picking up a Chua because I don't like his fantasy game. And then Josh Hart and Dante Divincenzo, neither one of them was all that great yesterday, but I continue to lean to Dante in the never ending battle for Wing Minutes, Divincenzo Grimes heart. I don't wish injury on anyone, but I do wish that one of those 3 guys was not there. That would make that whole situation a lot simpler. As far as the nets go, I have concerns. I have con continuing concerns about Cam Johnson who finally had a better shooting game. He had 19 5 with 4 3 pointers on good percentages. No steals, but, you know, we're not gonna toss this one back. Problem is that he and Cam Thomas are, at this point, kind of splitting minutes, which is not at all what we thought was gonna happen going into the year. And this is another situation. Brooklyn's another situation where we just need to thin things out. We know Dorian Finney Smith and Royce O'Neil are on the block. It sounds like Mikael Bridges, Nick Claxton, and probably Cam Johnson are not on the block. We have no idea what the situation is with Cam Thomas. Spencer Dinwiddie is apparently on the block, and he had one of the worst fantasy lines of the whole year in this game with 4 assists and o for 4 shooting in 18 minutes. I've said on multiple shows this year, if you're just joining us for the first time, I don't trust Spencer Dinwiddie at all in 9 cat. He's number 1 50, one of the worst field goal percent guys in the NBA. All he does is get you a few assists. That's legitimately his fantasy game this year because 13 points on the year is league average slightly below it. The 2, 3 pointers, I guess, is ever so slightly above league average. They're just, like, nothing that he does great. The assists are fine usually, but not outstanding. And so, you know, points leagues, I guess, you hang on there because his massive field goal percent issue is less of 1 if that's not a factor. If you're punting field goal, then obviously he moves up the board quite a bit. So okay. Fine. But 9 Cat, he's not an everyday play. I know he's been 75 rank ish over the last week. He had 2 or 3 good ball games in a row. But if you go around that, you can't just look at the meat of the burger. You have to look at the bun and the lettuce and whatever the filler is going on there. That's Ben Dinwiddie this year. He's number 150. You are who you are, playing 31 minutes of all game. So it's not like there's just more usage coming his way. I don't know how many places he could get traded where his job would get better either. But I do know that if Dinwiddie gets moved, Dennis Smith junior is someone that I would like to use a lot. And I don't know that Dinwiddie's necessarily gonna go anywhere, but it sounds like he is sort of available for trades. And Dennis Smith junior is very low rostered, 10% in Yahoo Leagues. Again, we're 15 days from the trade deadline. That might be worth exploring. When Dennis Smith Junior gets starters minutes, he puts up some incredibly well rounded fantasy lines. Doesn't score that much, but big steals, good assists, decent rebounds. Field goal percent is not a complete train wreck when he's not taking a bunch of weird 3 pointers. We saw it last year in Charlotte. He had long stretches of, like, 50 to 80 range fantasy value. Does that make Dennis Smith junior a stash? Maybe. Maybe I'll do another show on trade deadline stashes. Everybody liked the first one we dropped last Saturday. I kinda have a couple more names to add to the list, and I think Dennis Smith is probably one of them. Now what happens if if Royce O'Neil and Dorian Finney Smith get moved? That's a tough one. Presumably, Cam Johnson sees some advantage there because he probably has to pick up more power forward minutes. And then Cam Thomas would also see a bump because he'd then fill in more on the the small forward spot. Would Lonnie Walker get enough run? I doubt it. Who comes back in these trades also becomes questionable? Does Ben Simmons show up? Does he make an appearance? I've said it once. I'll say it a 1000000 times. I've gone on record saying I don't think he plays more in about 5 games this year, but we'll see. Portland playing a game under protest, lost 111 to 109. The protest is that Chauncey Billups, Blazers were leading this game by a point down the stretch, and Chauncey Billups was trying to call a time out. Refs didn't see him. Blazers got whistled for a double dribble, and then Chauncey got punted. Thunder got 2 technical free throws and then ended up winning the game by 2 points. That's rough, man. But it doesn't really matter from a fantasy standpoint. Fantasy wise, you got your sort of good Scoot Anderson game, which, again, you know, we've gone over this so many times. So I hate to repeat myself, but I feel like I kinda have to because I have to treat each show like someone new is listening. Scoot's number ranked near the edge of the top 400 this year. At some point, one would assume he begins to figure out the NBA game a little bit, but he ain't there yet. Because every time we've had one of these sort of popping off games, 19 and 7 here, he had 30 three and 9 on January 14th, then there's usually 2 weeks of him learning curving it again, being very, very bad for a few games. Will he figure it out this year? I honestly don't know. With guys like Scoot, guys that come into the league and they're trying to learn the game, it usually takes until at least February. So if you're gonna call him a stash, he's a late season stash, and it might not pan out, but I get it. Deandre Ayton was terrible, and he's been bad for a few games in a row. And he's frankly kind of been bad ever since this knee thing cropped up, and I'm wondering if it's actually gone. He's a tough hold, but he's a hold because he's Deandre Ayton, and he's a starting setter on an NBA team. Malcolm Brogdon, continue to use him as a fill in, for Shaden Sharp. And Jabari Walker, 14 and 13. I think I called him extraordinarily close to a pickup on yesterday's show. And so here's my here's my reticence on Jabari Walker, who's, number 138 over the last 2 weeks. I had somebody in my mentions screaming at me that he was a pickup already. I'm like, well, okay. Like, let's let's let's dial the the rage down a little bit. There there really isn't a stretch of time this year where Jabari's been inside the top 109 cat. And a lot of that's because he's posted almost no defensive stats of any kind to speak of. He had a block in yesterday's game, which is a start, but also, I mean, we're talking about another guy, and I talked about someone yesterday where Walker, if given full starters minutes, you'd assume he could get you over one defensive stat for a ball game, but it's just not a guarantee because he's basically been playing starters minutes for the better part of a couple of weeks now, and he's averaging under one defensive stat per game. That could come up. Yes. And you gotta like the rebounding, and you gotta like the fact that he can knock down a 3 pointer. But then I kinda look at this team as if to say, alright. Well, you know, who's on the block for the blazers? What could happen here? Malcolm Brogdon seems likely to be traded. I don't know that anybody else is likely to get moved. There are possibilities on this team. You know, if somebody really opens up the chest for Jeremy Grant, that would be the one that springs Jabari Walker. But it's not like someone else is really standing in his way right now, and he's posting, you know, kinda Bobby Portis like numbers without as much scoring. That's not really a 9 cat line. But I don't wanna come off on this show like I'm down on Walker. I'm just not seeing the obvious path to more Jabari Walker other than shutdown time. So when Grant starts taking games off and, basically, things that free up more usage. Because Scoot will step into a lot of that, and, you know, Brogdon, he gets moved, but, presumably, at some point here, Sharp will come back. And does Simons get some days off? Maybe maybe not because he missed a giant chunk of the season to start it off, and so he's sort of already running way behind the 8 ball on games played. But, yeah, you figure if Grant doesn't get traded, he'll probably get a game off every week between the trade deadline and the end of the year. And maybe he'll get the last, like, 2 weeks off. And you figure if Brogdon doesn't get traded, he'll get a bunch of time off and so on and so forth. And so maybe these things do happen, and maybe, you know, every couple of games, Jabari Walker can get 14 shots like he did in this one, and that's enough for him to be inside the top 100. But the problem is the in between, where in head to head leagues, you just sort of swallow the other ones. And in roto leagues, you're gonna leave them on your bench for, what, 2 out of every 3, 3 out of every 4 ball games. Is that enough to warrant your roster spot? I actually think the answer is it's very close right now. It's not an obvious no, but I also think it's not an obvious yes. If you got some deadweight, feel free. You know, he got added in a bunch of spots because he's had a couple of double doubles lately, and his minutes have been on the rise. And, again, you like the rebounding. But even in this, what you'd call kind of a good stretch for Walker, since he came back, he had an injury, like, week week and a half ago. He's played 6 games in that stretch, and he's averaging close to a double double, but, like, nothing else. Bad shooting, bad free throw, a 3 pointer, almost no assists, almost no steals or blocks as well. The amazing thing is that he's only unrostered in one of my leagues, so people are willing in those leagues to wait on him getting double digit shots because that's what it's gonna take. 6, 7, 8 shots a game is not gonna get it done. We're gonna need 11 to 14 shots. Somewhere in that window, that would be enough because now you're talking 14 points. You're talking 13 to 17 points. You're talking those 9 rebounds. 14 and 9 is a much safer building block than 109. I know I'm not a big points guy, but an extra four goes a long way when guys are hovering in that 100 to a 170 range. And then maybe we don't know. We haven't seen it yet. It's not like he hasn't played a decent amount this year. Maybe the defensive stats get a little bit better. That's the kind of hope if you're like, look. There's gotta be some upside built in here. There may or may not be. So far, there hasn't been on the defensive side, but, also, we just don't have that big of a body of work to say that it can't be in the future. I got nothing for you on the OKC side. I told you guys that Josh Geddy was gonna fall off a cliff here at some point after his hot run, and then it happened. And then he'll get warm again and blah blah blah. Utah got blown out. If you have any of the jazz that didn't get obliterated in this game, consider yourself fortunate. I don't think anybody was streaming Fontecchio because he'd been so cold lately, but then he came roaring out with a 6 of 9 shooting game. Collin Sexton was sort of, like, the everyday guy that survived this. I guess you could argue Walker Kessler kinda did too. Missed a bunch of free throws, but had 4 more blocked shots. Chris Dunn, 17 minutes, not enough. Keontae George, one out of 8 shooting. Good lord. He did get 9 out of 10 free throw shooting, but, I mean, that's these are the games where George is better is the blowouts. John Collins had hit his one good game every 2 weeks. Enjoy it. But marketing was bad and just a rough one. Jordan Clarkson was bad. Knew that one was coming at some point soon. And New Orleans just ate them up. New Orleans had 23 3 pointers. CJ McCollum continues to be maybe the surprise of the year as number 20 still in 9 cat. I have no idea how he hasn't fallen off yet, but he hasn't fallen off yet. Defensive stats are super high. Field goal percent has remained very high. Turnovers are super low. And, like, you know, he had fallen back a little bit prior to this monster game. Herb Jones had a big one, but he's been so inconsistent lately that it's really, really hard to recommend him as a as a all the time play. He's still number 67 on the season, but a lot of that's because of what he did to start the year. Over the last 3 weeks, he does sit inside the top 100. Couple of giant games blended in there have helped a lot. A lot of the you know, some of them were the games where Trey Murphy sat them out. And a lot of it's because he's shooting 57% from the field over his last 10 ball games. Twelve points, only 3 boards, 2 assists, 0.7 steals, 0.9 blocks. It's just been sort of, like, a little bit of everything for Herb over that stretch, but it's been good enough. I struggle with it because you kinda need to catch these big ones. Or, like, if you could if you pulled this one game out of the last 10 games for him, he falls way outside the top 100. Now, again, you're sort of playing with math in a way that you can't do because if you're starting him every day, you would have gotten this ball game. But what if you got upset with him and benched him prior to this one? You screwed yourself, but you'd be very human to do so. I still think Trey Murphy probably has the slightly better outlook between the two guys, but neither one of them, in my opinion, is a must start dude every single day. Murphy's been in a little bit of a cold snap, and he's kind of unusable when his field goal percent is down. Generally, you like the 3 pointer field goal percent, free throw percent steals mix that Murphy gives you. But this was by the way, this is like it took a year, but I finally got massive vindication on last year's stuff. Do you guys remember? And, you know, it's gonna have to be people that actually listen to the show for multiple years in a row. But do you guys remember last season when I had, Trey Murphy on my injury replacement board for the entire year? And people were so mad about it. Like, I was saying something negative about him. I was merely saying that there was no definitive proof that he would have fantasy value if the big three guys on the Pelicans were healthy. And we've seen it now this year. The team is fully healthy, and Trey Murphy's number 120. There aren't enough shots for him when everybody's upright. That 120 is technically startable in most 12 team formats, so that makes him a hold. And I guess to that end, it makes Herb Jones still kind of a playable guy also in in a slightly more boring way, but they both stay inside that marker. But everybody was screaming at me like, oh, we've seen a Trey Murphy's top sixties, top fifties, top 60. I'm like, yeah. Dude, you guys haven't seen it. Because last year, there were 4, I can literally count them on one hand, games that the Pelicans had all of their guys for. It was in November, and then they were just done. Brandon Ingram was out for 2 months. Zion was out for basically the entire year, and Trey Murphy went nuts because he was getting he took 15 shots, by the way, in this blowout anyway, but he was getting 15 shots a game, which just isn't gonna happen regularly when everybody's upright. He's 10, 11 shots a night. I still like him as a hold, like I said, but he's a fringy one. And Herb Jones, he's technically a hold, but he's a fringy one. Obviously, way better when Trey Murphy sits or if one of the big guys sits, but just barely good enough even when they don't. And then Larry Nance, who you guys know I have the softest spot for in my heart. I so badly want Larry Nance to get 23 or more minutes nightly. He's he's teetering on it, man, but 18, 19 minutes is just not enough long term. I know this game in particular, he did do enough, but over the last, what are we at now? Last, like, 3 weeks, what's the minutes look like for Nance? He's at 20 minutes over the last 3 weeks, and he's technically been a top 75 play on 9.6 boards, a 3, a steal, and half a block, 6593 splits, which I think we know is is not a sustainable number. So if you pull out if you move him back towards his normal percentages, then he does fall likely outside the top 100. But I just I want Nance to work so bad. I think on the head to head side, you could probably play him every day, understanding that Zion's gonna get some days off, and Trey Murphy's gonna get some days off, and all those little things will help Nance in the long term. And then you're gonna get games where the Pels play a team where they need defense over offense, and he'll get more minutes than JV. Just like one night every 3 or 4 ball games, it'll flip. And so you roll it all together, and Nance is probably inside the top 120. But now for Gamecap Roto, you're kinda hunting someone 99 ranked or better. I did pick him up in a couple of spots, places where I badly needed a center. You know, teams where I had, like, Robert Williams go down and Mark Williams go down, and I'm sitting on 1 center in some leagues. You know what? I gotta have somebody in here, so let's do a nance dance. But if you're good at center, you you sorta don't need Larry Nance in his 20 minutes per ballgame, because there's just there's no upside at all as long as the team is mostly healthy. And finally, Lakers without LeBron. They actually kept this thing pretty tight, but the Clippers shot almost 60%. There was just no way the Lakers were gonna win giving up a 60% shooting night. Jerry Vanderbilt, Taurean Prince, Rudy Hatchimura all got to do a bunch more with LeBron out. Don't read too much into that, but it was nice to see Bando. He's he's getting his legs a little bit back more every week. That's good for the lakers who probably end up swinging a trade here in the next 2 weeks. But, like, look at the team right now. DeAngelo Russell is kinda carrying the team. He's been better than LeBron the last couple of weeks. I don't know anybody wants to hear that. And, look, I'm not me taking anything away from LeBron. He's a freaking cyborg. But LeBron is ranked outside the top 100 over the last 2 weeks because he's had no defensive stats. He's been a bad free throw shooter, very high turnovers. His field goal percent has come back down kinda where I thought it would be this year. And so you've seen some drop off. And LeBron is now a 3rd rounder per game, which oh, look. I don't wanna say I said it, but I did tell you guys he was probably gonna be 3rd rounder or deeper. I didn't think it was gonna take 40 games to get there, but LeBron is finally coming down to earth with the understanding we knew he wasn't gonna be asked to take as many shots this year, that his usage was gonna be lower. And he was carrying it on a ridiculous, frankly, unsustainable field goal percent that has now dropped, and the steals and blocks have come down a little bit. Although, he's still at 1.9 combined, which is pretty good. But if you look at, like, the last little stretch here, he's made a lot of bad decisions. He's been very stagnant on offense, and it's been Dilo that's been carrying the Lakers on offense. Top twenty run here for Russell over the last 2 weeks. That's obviously not gonna keep up. He's shooting 53% and hitting 4 3 pointers over that stretch. This is the moment to trade D'Lo because his value will never be higher, either fantasy or reality. Does Deshontae Murray make the Lakers a championship team? No. I don't think so. Does he make them better longer term? Yeah. He does. He's a better basketball player than De'Lo. The question, I guess, is how much it costs the Lakers to upgrade that spot. And you're almost thinking about what comes next because Deelo is sort of mid to late prime, and Dejounte Murray is still very much early prime. From that to that end, it makes a lot of sense for a Lakers team that's probably looking more towards the future. Is it the move that gets them over the top again? I don't think it is. In my eyes, Lakers need to make that move and then probably something for point of attack defense. Maybe they're hoping that Gabe Vincent comes back and can give them that, but I don't know. I can count on him to actually have any healthy stretch this year. I think you gotta go break the bank and get Alex Caruso, but whatever. Meantime, assuming LeBron's back for the Lakers next ball game, you're just starting the 4 main dudes. And then for the Clippers, I did say I had zero faith in Mason Plumlee. A lot of people yelled at me for my take that I would rather have Xavier Tillman, who also kinda crapped himself in the last ball game, but I still would rather have Xavier Tillman because we've seen the Clippers are willing to go small. They went small in this ballgame. It wasn't even really all that clear who soaked up all the center minutes. Daniel Theiss played 21 of them, and he wasn't all that great. And Plumlee wasn't all that great. And they ran, like, little baby units for some stretches. Wasn't even really clear who the center was in those units. In any event, Clippers shot the crap out of the ball, and so they were kind of able to get away with it even though their defense was bad because they went so small and the Lakers were able to just go to the rack a bunch of times. But Kawhi, and Harden, and Norman Powell, and PG, and Terrence Mann, and freaking Amir Koffi and even Russ. Like, everybody shot the ball well. For the Lakers, they were like, look. Our only shot of winning this game is if the non superstars miss some jumpers, and Russ, Amir Koffi, and Terrence Mann hit 83 pointers out of 10 tries. So tough luck, tough nuts. Kawhi Leonard, 2nd career triple double in this ballgame. That's fun. Little footnote for, Kawhi, who's number 6 per game in 9 cat. Chef's kiss on that one. Oh, yeah. That's been a good one. James Harden with another decent ball game. He sits, mid second round. Paul George is number 12. Clippers are a fantasy, just an absolute gem haul. And then Russ is the thing. Everybody be like, damn, should we go get Russ? No. No. He was pissed. He's in play well against the Lakers. He had 3 three pointers, one of them not wearing a shoe. You got good Russ here. You're bound to get a bad Russ, and so, you know, don't overextend yourself on, on Russell Westbrook. But we'll keep this one on the relatively short side today. Quick reminder to check out our buddies over atmanscaped.com. Promo code there is ethos 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order. Shout out to our buddies over at the Believe Sports Network on, the partnership that we're continuing to migrate shows over there. So thank you to everybody that continues to listen. Like, rate, subscribe. Come hang out with us in our free Discord. That link is in the show description. The Trade Deadline live show is in the show description. If any of you guys have not yet gone over there and click the thumbs up button on that Trade Deadline live show, please do that before you finish up listening to the podcast today. I am at Dan Bessebers over on social media. I hopefully will see you guys on Twitter. Oh, look at that. We cleared, 20000 today. That's fun. I never thought I'd care, but I do. And we got plenty of stuff to work on over on social. So I think we'll put a pin in it for now. I do wanna get another I wanna get a Milo show going. I wanna get another Stash show going, because I think, you know, I mentioned Dennis Smith junior is an option today. I think we had 1 or 2 other names that popped up since our show on Saturday. But I do also kinda feel like it's almost too close. Well, we'll see. I got a lot I wanna do and not that much time to do it. So sit tight, relax, see what's up. And, if you guys have any questions, feel free to throw them in the comments tab, on our YouTube page. I do try to get to those about once every 24 hours or so. Again, this is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. We'll see you guys soon, probably.