Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Hey. Happy Friday, everybody. It's a week in review time here on Fantasy NBA Today. I'm in, for some reason, all Los Angeles garb. I don't know why. It's just the crap I grab off a shelf here and a wall there. I don't shower before I do these shows. You guys should know that by now. So the, clothing du jour is really whatever I can snatch from some weird corner of my bedroom first. I hope everybody's having a really nice week. I hope that everybody's week is coming to a pleasant, relaxing end. I know for me, this week very much was a ramp up. Kids were sick. Most of this the first half of the week, they're both out of here, man. They're out of here. I got this place to myself for a few hours. The dog has a freaking appointment today because why would Dan have a regular day to himself? He doesn't, by the way, is the is the note on that. But that's okay. That's easy. You know? I don't have to fight with the dog about anything. You just put on a leash and off we go. This is a big weekend review show. End of week 12. We got ads. We got, holds. We got the I'm scared and nervous guys. We got the watch list. We got the stream while warm ward, which is growing, by the way. I've been adding names to it. We got a massive injury replacement board. And I'm realizing that as I begin the show, I actually forgot to copy and paste these names into a Word document. So we're gonna go even lower tech today, and we are going to be using a notepad document, which I know is absolutely the fanciest thing you can do. Oh my goodness. I really this is rock bottom, man. But we're gonna do it, which means you're also gonna get to see a lot of the names before I actually get to them because I can't separate it by page the same way that I could, with a Word doc. Unless you think I could put this all into a Word document while I'm talking to you guys. I don't think I can. You know what? Let's just see what it would look like. Well, what's it gonna look like if I share a a notepad document? Here. It's gonna look like this. That's not that bad, I guess. It's flickering. Why? I don't know. Why are you flickering the document? I don't like that at all. Okay. Well, maybe this isn't gonna work. Let's not let's not share that. Can't have nothing nice around here. Alright. Here's what we're gonna do. Dano's gonna copy this stuff into a Word document while I'm talking to you because I mean, look. Here's the thing. We got a couple of notes here at the beginning of the show. First things first, you can find me over on social media at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. This is a sports ethos presentation. The show, of course, is Fantasy NBA Today. Once again, shout out to our buddies over at the Believe Network for joining forces. Today's the day I'm doing a big announcement over on social media, so get ready for that. See, that's not flickering. Doesn't look as good as usual, but it's gonna do. So, yeah, shout out to the Believe, guys. Discord link is in the show description. If you saw this sort of popped up on your Twitter feed or for you or whatever, hi. Welcome. Make sure to drop a follow. Some people always forget to hit that follow button. We do a lot of stuff on social media. Anybody around could tell you that. I like that StreamYard can show me what people are saying both from YouTube and from Twitter. That's kinda cool. This will be available live. It'll be available after the fact. Blah blah blah. Like, please take a second. I haven't begged you guys for this in a while, so we'll beg at the beginning of today's show. Please take a second to like and subscribe. It does, it really does matter quite a lot, in the grand scheme of things as we continue to try to grow what we're doing over here. And someone asked what kind of dog. It's a some sort of crazy mix. There's Jack Russell in her. That's, like, as about as much as we know. We got her at the pound, the West Los Angeles pound in November of 2013. She'll be 11 in February, and, she's an 18 pound tank. Tough dog, man. Tough dog. Gumshoe is her name. She's a freaking warrior. Not that, like, she's had to go through a lot. We don't really know what happened to her before we got her, but she's tough. You'll get these little dogs that are super tough like that, but she's a tough customer. She's eaten so many weird things. Total billy goat of an animal. I think my favorite might be when she ate a blue ink pen, and then pooped blue for 2 days. We talk a lot about bowel movements on this podcast, I'm realizing. I don't know how we're gonna get new listeners that way, but, no, you never know. Might latch on to somebody who's just like, you know what I want today? I want fantasy basketball information and talk of defecation. Let's do a weekend review, you jerks. I'm kidding. I love you all. Let's start with the ads. That's what everybody wants to know. Only 4 names on the ads board this week. And, you know, what I'm gonna try to do, I'm gonna make font bigger because I think it's kinda hard to see, and, well, I'll just make sure that I scroll as we're going. The 4 ads this week. Ad number 1 is Dante DiVincento, who I admit that I was a little bit slow to add because the minutes were not totally locked in on a game to game basis. He played 29 and a half minutes yesterday, which is way more than enough. But for the most part, he was hovering between, like, 18 and 26, which historically for Divincenzo hasn't been enough. He's been running hot, which obviously works in his favor. But the big note I think that we're finding with Dante is that his per minute production is way up this year. And I can't really explain it because for most players, when they come to the Knicks, that's not the thing that happens. They're gonna get usually buried under Julius Randle and Jalen Brunson. And for a while, it was RJ Barrett just kind of doing all the stuff, but Divincenzo's out there getting 10, 11 shots in 25 minutes a game. I mean, just look at back at basically every year of his young career when he came into the league in, like, 2018. Since he's played in the twenties in minutes, so excluding his rookie year, 23 minutes we'll just read them straight through. 23, 27, 20 got traded, 26 and a half, 26 again last year in Golden State, and now 21 and a half with New York. And the thing that jumps out to us right now is that in New York this year, in 21 and a half minutes, he's taking 8 shots a game. In Sacramento, 2 years ago, he took 8.7 shots per game in almost 27 minutes a game, and the most he's ever taken in his career was 9 back in 2020 with Milwaukee, and that was in 27 and a half minutes per ball game. So what you're seeing is that his activity is just up right now. I don't know that it sticks all season long. I really don't. But right now, he's averaging a career best in scoring at 11 points per game, and that again is in only 21 and a half minutes per night. Last night, for example, Thursday night, he played 29 and a half minutes in their loss in Dallas, took 13 shots. 9 and 10, the 2 games before that in about 22 minutes per ball game. They had a 16 minute game. That was a weird one blowout win in Philly where he took only 6 shots. But prior to that, it was 10, 11, 21. He's pretty consistently getting 9 or 10 shots in about 22 or 23 minutes of ballgame. So then the thought becomes, alright. Well, you know, they brought in OG and in OB. That's not great for everybody, but they sent out 2 guys in Immanuel Quickley and RJ Barrett who are averaging more minutes combined than OG figures to get when he arrives. So that means more for Divincenzo, more for Josh Hart, more for Quentin Grimes. Even if it's not like this overwhelming avalanche, Hart's not gonna go from 20 minutes to 33. But even if he goes from 20 to 25 or 26, if he holds on the current per minute pace that he's on I don't even care about the fact that he's shooting 47%, because I do think that number comes down. It's all about the activity right now for him. And I just sort of didn't believe it, which means we're probably a little bit late on this one, but it happens. So make sure John Dante's an ad. See if he keeps up this per minute production, which is, again, very weird. But if he does, there you go. Jaden Ivey is the next name on the ads board. He's certainly a much better ad in points leagues. I continue to maintain, and, again, there I think I said this on yesterday's show. There's nothing to say that he can't get better from last year to this year. In fact, most young guys do get better between their rookie and sophomore year, certainly between, you know, 1st and third seasons if we get that far. But he was so far away from having 9 cat value last season when Cade was out that it's like, well, what do we really think changed dramatically season over season to say, yes. This is why Jaden Ivey is now magically a 9 category guy even though he really wasn't close last year. He played plenty. He had a week here and there where he put up 9 cat value. But by and large, he was so bad in turnovers, defensive stats, and particularly field goal percent between the various percentages that even that I mean, look at it. Like, the last 10 games last year, Jaden Ivey averaged 22 points, almost 3 3 pointers, and almost 8 assists per ball game, and he was outside the top 180 because he was so bad in defensive stats, field goal percent, and turnovers that it couldn't counterweight the good he was doing in the other stuff. Again, improvement does not you know, we can't preclude we cannot exclude the idea that maybe he got better, and so maybe the turnovers won't be as big of an issue. Maybe he'll get a few more steals, or maybe he'll fall into a block, or maybe the field goal percent won't be quite so bad. That is a path forward, which is why I think you probably have to add him in most places. Start him in points leagues. Head to head, you're probably starting because you're likely punting one of those things because freaking everybody is. That's just the universe we live in right now even though I don't think you have to. I really don't think you need to punt a per a turnover or a percentage to win your head to head league. In fact, it's probably time to zag when everybody is doing that. But regardless, by and large, a lot of you are probably doing it because it's just sort of, like, the path of least resistance these days. So, sure, you're starting in there. Roto, I don't know. It's gonna have to do a lot a lot in the counting stuff to overcome those problematic areas. I think you need to add Draymond Green, not because I think that Draymond Green is about to magically become extraordinarily good at basketball again, because he's old and he's slow and everything is trending down, but mostly because I think the warriors are I've done a really good job not not swearing on this podcast over the years, and I'm not gonna start today. I think the warriors are trash without Draymond. I think most people are seeing that, and so they're gonna make sure that he's in everything, and Chris Paul is out. So he's going to have to be the ball mover on offense. I don't like Draymond Green's fantasy game all that much these days. He wasn't really all that close to being a must start guy before he went down. He was number 152, I believe, this year. No. That's not right. No. That is right. 152 at 10 points, 5 and a half boards, and 6 assists. Steals and blocks are way down. You know, he's just like old Itis. You guys know I like old man types. That that doesn't mean everybody that's old is an old man type. Draymond doesn't really have it anymore. But at the same time, the warriors are gonna need to see what they are with him healthy. He's only played 25 minutes a game so far this year mostly be because of ejections and injuries. That's not a number that's gonna stick. He'll get into the thirties. And so you'll see the scoring, the boards, the assists, the steals, the blocks, all that stuff is gonna be higher than it looks like it is right now. I think he's got a shot to get inside the top 100. 110 feels maybe like a more reasonable target, but, I am adding him with the expectation that he'll be back in the next 1 to 2 basketball games. And the last name on the ads board is one that may shock you. Dan uses his BuzzFeed voice, Chris Dunn, who over the last 2 weeks, this is one of the silliest stat lines I think I can possibly relay to you, is averaging 3 and a half points per game in 22 minutes a night. 3 and a half points per game. He is legitimately not bothering to score. 3.3 rebounds, 5.6 assists. It's pretty rare you get a guy who's averaging more assists than points. 2 steals and 1.1 blocks. It's even rarer rarer that you find a guy who's averaging basically the same number of combined defensive stats as points, but here we are. But that's the thing. Chris Dunn is Matisse with assists instead of a 3 and a pointer. And when we when he's rolling, is a top 100 guy. So we kinda have to just sort of believe what we're seeing with Chris Dunn, who's been actually kind of on the upswing over the last 2 weeks. In fact, over the last 1 week, he's up to 25 minutes per ball game. And over the last week, he has averaged more combined steals and blocks than points per game. He's at 3.8 combined steals and blocks, and he's at 3 points per game. That's one of the craziest and dumbest stats that I think I've ever brought to you on this show. But he deserves to be rostered right now because in 24, 25 minutes a game, he's generally been a fantasy startable guy in 9 cat. If you're in a points league, you're looking at me like, Dan, you must have your head so far up your you know what? There is no chance. And, yeah, you're right. Don't bother. Don't bother points leagues. That's crazy. We scroll down into the holds, and, again, because I screwed up my formatting here, you're you're not gonna be able to see everything on the same page. You're gonna watch me do it in real time. Here are some holds. I don't know how much explanation a lot of these guys need, but we'll we'll go into detail on any of them that actually do. Aaron Neesmith as a hold, I don't think requires a lot of explanation. Alex Caruso, Dennis Schroder probably also don't require a ton of explanation, although you guys know that I am not particularly high on Dennis Schroder. He's number 125, and he's trending, over the last week. Excuse me. 125 over the last week. 110 on the season. It does feel like he's been trending down a little bit. Although, after the very hot start and then cold spell to sort of level off, you guys know The great leveling. The great leveling. It always happens somewhere in that 6 to 7 week range, and now he's leveled off at 110. He's fine. He's not gonna blow the roof off the building, but he's fine. Gary Trent junior requires, I think, maybe a little bit more explanation. I just so I'm not all that high on Trent. I don't think that he's someone that you need to be racing out to add. I just, I have this feeling in the back of my brain that he could get a little hot. But more than anything, he's the guy right now that steps into big stuff if anyone goes down for Toronto. Because the Raptors, they don't have another option anymore. This is the this is their group, and Jakob Hurdle is already hurt. So there's already a little bit of room for Trent that there wasn't 2 days ago, even though I know Thad Young is picking up a lot of those minutes. Gary Trent probably, at the end of the day, profiles better as an injury replacement than a hold on this board. Like, it probably makes more sense to have him sitting somewhere off to the side, and you say, alright. Well, you know, like, if Scottie Barnes has to miss the game, you play Gary Trent. Or if Emanuel quickly misses the game, you play Gary Trent. It's because because all of a sudden, 15, 16 shots fall into the shot pool, and Gary Trent is lying there in the middle of the shot pool. It's a it's a waiting pool. It's a backyard, you know, above ground inflatable. He's lying on his back, collecting water and squirting a fountain up into the air, and he's just waiting for one of these guys to pour a bucket of water in. So fine. Call him an injury replacement. Blah blah blah. Move on. Collin Sexton is a hold. He's been fine lately, so you guys probably don't need an explanation on that. Derek Lively is a hold if you can. That's not just a traditional hoard. That's an h I y c. Hiyuk. It's like a hiccup. Hold if you can. I get it. It's hard. We don't know really know when he's coming back, but I really like his fantasy game. We just need him to stay healthy for more than 4 games in a row. It's really hard to hold. I get it. D'Angelo Russell as a whole, he played more yesterday in the Lakers disgusting blowout loss in a day of all blowout losses because he's basically being showcased. Russell's getting moved. There's almost no question about it at this point. He and the team seem to have soured on each other. He's playing kinda loosey goosey basketball right now where that that's not the dealo that the Lakers want. They wanted the aggressive, confident, focused one, and now they're getting an aggressive, confident, unfocused dealo. But you can't drop him because he's too good fantasy wise. He's too good offensively, and he's gonna end up someplace where he's gonna get to do some stuff and and sort of reinvent again. Poor Deelo. I thought he was gonna be a decent fit. He's getting blamed for stuff that isn't really his fault. Lakers' defensive game plan is idiotic. But because Deelo is one of the players that's been getting yanked around with all this stupid, stupid crap, and it's like, oh, well, we surely we can carve out minutes for Cam Reddish. Yeah. I mean, obviously, he's annoyed. Deelo's annoyed. Max Drews got hurt, which, unfortunately, as much as I've enjoyed his crazy minutes per game run, did kinda feel inevitable with as many minutes as he's been playing. Almost 34 a ballgame, still shooting just 40% from the field. He's a hold because as that field goal percent ticks up towards 43, he moves back into the top 80 range. I am not a feared, but the injury is annoying and probably one that we could have seen coming. Grayson Allen is a hold. I don't think that one actually needs much much of an explanation. He didn't do much yesterday, but, Phoenix didn't need him to because Bradley Beal went completely insane, and the game was over relatively early. And Jalen Suggs, actually, there's no there's no reason he needs to be on this. I forgot to take his name off that board. He's doesn't even need to be on the holds board because he's been really good, and nobody's asking about him. The I'm scared board comes next on the list. Whoops. Scrolled too far. I know this is low tech today. Even lower tech than usual. This is embarrassing, man. An embarrassing level show. What happens if I change the width? Nothing. Just wanted to see what it would look like in real time. Hey. Before I tell you guys about the folks that I'm either dropping or I'm about to drop, I do wanna remind you to check out our pals over atmanscaped.com. Promo code there is ethos 20. Ethos 20 to get free shipping and 20% off on everything you order atmanscaped.com, including this amazing little contraption they call the shears. I don't know if you can see on camera. It does say I'll put that right up to the screen. Nope. Too bright. What if I get it underneath the light? There you go. MANSCAPED. You can see the word on it. It's magnet the the holder that comes with it right there, that's magnetized. There you go. See? So everything stays tight to it. You can't lose your stuff. The best nail clipper that I've ever seen in my life. Best I've ever seen in my life. And I think it's $20. Or it was the last time I checked. You can get it for $4 off with free shipping with our promo code. You could also get the sideburn trimmer. We've had a number of people in the chat room lately have talked about how they've got stuff from MANSCAPED over the last 2 or 3 years since they've been a partner here on Fantasy NBA Today, and they're never buying another sideburn trimmer as long as they live. They love it, and you will too. Go to manscaped.com. Use code ethos 20. Get that 20% off in free shipping. Clean up whatever weird hairy part of your body you want. I ain't here to judge. I'm a pretty hairy guy myself. Hey. Also, take a moment to, find me over on social media at danbesbris as I not very subtly point at the spelling of it on the screen, those that are listening after the fact. It's d a n b e s b r I s. And, also, take a second to find wherever the like button is if you're watching, whether that's on Twitter or YouTube. Make sure to like, subscribe no matter where you are. Now that we're being hosted through Believe, it's even 5 times more important that you guys subscribe to the show and make sure you're taking in every episode of Fantasy NBA Day. You're gonna win your fantasy leagues because of it, and it's also cool for us. So a double bonus. Okay. Here's who I'm nervous about. I put Gordon Hayward on this list to troll him. There was no other reason to put him back. It's the 3rd week in a row I've told you guys to drop Gordon Hayward. There is no explanation. I'm just having fun. John Collins, I had him on last week. I'll put him on again. It just feels like and I know he's had a couple of okay games mixed in, but it just feels like his aggression is not quite there. And with Utah giving everybody 25 minutes a night these days, that's not enough time for him to get it done. So I think he can move on. He's more of a streamable type, and that's like, there's just not enough there. Buddy healed, I'm dropping. Bench buddy healed is not good. Malik Beasley, I'm dropping because he's not doing anything besides hitting 3 pointers. He, I think I mentioned on a show earlier this week, profiles better, Beasley does, as a injury fill in type when, you know, either Dame or Giannis or whoever, if Middleton, if those guys miss a game and there's suddenly a bunch more shots available, that's when he becomes interesting. I think the Mavs streamer wings like Derrick Jones, Grant Williams, Dante Exum, Josh Hardy no. Jalen Hardy, Josh Green was the actor. I was gonna make a joke, and I Tom Hardy. I was screwed that up. I think all those guys can probably be moved on from outside of, again, head to head type scheduling plays. Patrick Williams is a drop with the bulls healthy. And then, not a drop yet, but I am genuinely concerned, is Brandon Podgemski who feels like he's kinda run out of gas. Someone Someone was asking me, I think, on Twitter, what do you mean, like, why would he run out of gas? It it's just that the the rigors, the length of an NBA season is not what young guys are used to. You gotta remember, college basketball players play 2 games a week. That's it. Outside of tournament time. Then they ramp it up for, you know, a couple of weeks in there. They've got their conference tournaments, whatever. They might play 3 games. They might go back to back to back sometimes. Okay. They've got enough in the tank to do that, like, once a year. In the NBA, you're doing it all the time. You got back to backs. You're playing 3, 4 games every 7 days. There is no break. You don't have 3, 4 days off to regain your strength. Go sit in a couple of classes, sleep until noon. Then on top of that, you're also bashing up against people in the NBA versus college that are, like, 1.8 times larger. Sometimes more than that, depending on what conference you're coming from. And guys just get worn down, and then guys get worn down quicker if they're playing the way Podgemski did, which, I mean, I think we all really loved it. But it's, you know, head down, crash through a wall for your team, get all the rebounds, get all the assists, get all the steals, do everything you can, and then, you know, sleep when you're dead kinda thing. Well, he's kinda dead right now. He may need to sleep before he dies. So it's close. He may be a drop. I'll hold on a little bit longer, but I do think that he's out of gas. Here's your watch list. Andrew Wiggins is on my watch list in case the warriors pivot back into veteraning or trade him. Rui Hachamora is on my watch list because it feels like the Lakers badly need him because they suck right now. I know they won a couple of games, but they were not decisive. Nothing the Lakers have done lately has been decisive. That team needs a big shakeup, and it probably needs to come from the top. They're gonna make a dumb trade instead. Alec Burks remains on the watch list. He was putting up some pretty good scoring numbers before Cade Cunningham went down. Will he now have the bandwidth to do more than just score is what I'm watching there. Isaac Okoro and Sam Merrill on the Cavs are on my watch list. I know they don't play again until check's watch, 2025, because they gotta fly back from Europe. But if Struwwes misses a game and, you know, Garland who, by the way, Darius Garland is someone you should go trade for right now because I'm pretty sure that dude's playing in, like, the next 2 weeks. Cam Whitmore on Houston is a watch list guy. I also a spec ad. You could call him a speculative ad. Luke Kennard, same story, kind of a speculative ad type, but I think maybe tilting a little bit more towards watch list there. And Xavier Tillman is, also on the watch list. You know, last time I know they had Bismarck Biambo around for a while. I'm not sure that I believe that Tillman's gonna just play all the center minutes for this team because they'll run jjj at center. They'll run Santi Aldama at center. And if they go into tank mode, then who the hell knows what's gonna go on for Memphis at center? If you wanted to pre add, again, Tillman, you could call a speculative add. He has kinda like top 100 big man upside, rebounds, field goal percent, some steals basically, but not consistently. And I don't know that the minutes are gonna be consistent either. And I know what you're thinking, Dan, or you know what you're thinking, colon. Dan, where the hell is Vince Williams? Injury replacement list. Don't worry. We're getting there. We are almost there. There was something else that I was gonna mention about the the cavaliers. Oh, I remember. So, we had a big news break that we'll do at the end of this big board. The big news break does pertain to someone that we had on our buy low board. I said, do it before you get any good news. Well, the good news is out now. Here are the names that make the stream while warm aboard right now. Bobby Portis, Naz Reed, Cole Anthony, Kelly Olynyk, Kevin Love, Denny Avia, Tarion Prince, Jordan Clarkson, and RJ Barrett. Play those guys when they're hot and abandon ship when they're not. No other explanation needed on any of them other than, obviously, they could move into sort of a, you know, injury replacement posture if someone in front of them gets hurt. Like, you know, if, Walker Kessler goes down or John Collins goes down, then Kelly Olynyk would become more of an everyday play. Or, like, if Orlando if Jalen Suggs goes back down, Cole Anthony becomes more of an everyday play. And for Naz Reed, who might actually be on the injury replacement board right now, because remember he he had a big game, with Rudy Gobert out. He's an injury replacement type. You guys get the idea. I think I think you guys get the idea. It's hard to put all of these thoughts together. Alright. Here we go. Buckle up, everybody. These are the injury replacement boards. Make sure to follow Ethos Fantasy BK, by the way, on Twitter. News feed. That's up to 10,800 followers now, which is pretty damn cool. Not only do they have breaking news, but they also have postgame news, which not a lot of the other news feeds do. Make sure to follow ethos fantasy b k. I put that right up on your screen here for those watching the video. Those listening, you guys already know what to do. Alrighty. Here they are in all of their glory. I think it does continue on to a second page. Yeah. Two pages of these names. TJ McConnell for Tyrese Halliburton. Bruce Brown, probably probably Bruce Brown, also for Halliburton. Nasrid, if Gobert misses another ballgame, I don't think he will. Slow mo, if Conley misses another ballgame, I don't think he will. Al Horford, if any Boston starter sits, which it sounds like they're good for the next one, but you never know. Caris LeVert continuing. This is a rolling one for Darius Garland. Saddiq Bey, this is a rolling one. Also, this time, it's Deandre Hunter instead of Jalen Johnson for a while. Nick Richards, still rolling for Mark Williams. Malcolm Brogdon is back on the board. If healthy, he didn't play yesterday, but Shaden Sharp got hurt. Sounded like it was an adductor soreness thing, which usually guys don't play in the next ballgame, but we don't know yet. What we do know is that when either Sharp, Grant, or Simons is out, Brogdon's the winner. But when all 3 of those guys are healthy, Sharp, Simons, and Grant, Brogdon is not a winner. Keep an eye on this one. He might have gotten dropped because all 3 of those guys were healthy, and Brogdon was basically not playing the last week. Check your waiver wire. Do a brief. It gets a big from me. Deandre Ayton and Moses Brown are both out, so there's not really much in the way of other options. Iboobage is an option, but is gonna have to not lose by 50 points every game. If Reeth is gonna get to play more than 23 minutes, that's a problem right now. We're in this is what I call, wizard syndrome. We just need competitive, but we haven't gotten it in a while. For Jimmy Butler. Although, I need to add a name actually in real time here. Duncan Robinson because Tyler Herro is back out again with a shoulder issue. So put, D Rob back on the board. Tim Hardaway junior because Luca sat out the last ballgame. That's, of course, you play Tim Hardaway if either of the Mavs superstars sits because he gets a big usage bump. Paul Reed for Joel Embiid. Love a good stream that rhymes, Onyeka Okonwu for Clint Capela, Goga Bitadze, who's, again, right at that barely playable mark with Wendell Carter Junior out, and then Vince Williams Junior, who I think is a little bit more of a speculative injury replacement for both Ja Morant and Marcus Smart because we saw this before. He's interesting, but there's really been no guarantee that he does enough on a game to game basis to be startable. I just think it's worthwhile to have him on your team to see what happens. By the way, Cocoon Man in the chat just said he subscribed, and he found me through tweet storms. So that basically does my promo for me. Subscribe and find me on Twitter because I do tweet storms. Thanks, Cocoon Man. Happy to have you aboard. Those are the names. You guys are gonna watch me, close out my Microsoft Word document in real time as well. Golly. Don't you just love the high-tech crap? Someone was telling me on Twitter that they really want me to start doing graphics, and I'm like, yeah. I really want me to start doing graphics too, but I also need, like, an extra 2 hours, in my day. What does that mean? I guess it means they need the kids to be at school from, like, 8 to 5, but they're not. They're not. Someday, perhaps, my older one can make it from 8 to, like, 4, 4 30, 5 ish. The younger one ain't making it that far, especially while he's continuing to potty train. By the way, you guys wanna know what messes up potty training really fast? An 8 day gastrointestinal drug, bug. An 8 day gastrointestinal bug. You know what I bought yesterday? Air freshener. This place stinks. That's alright. I'm in it. But most of you guys already know the big news. I just wanted to make a stink about it because it's such a fun, fun thing to have happened. The big news is what's he gonna say? What's he gonna say? What's it gonna be? LaMelo Ball is back for the Charlotte Hornets, ladies and gentlemen. LaMelo is back. Honest to god, I don't even remember the last time this dude played a basketball game. When was LaMelo's last game? Anybody? Anybody? Bueller? November 26th. Yeah. 7 weeks, basically. Woof. If you drafted him in the 1st round, your team is probably buried right now. So this wonderful news, I don't know how much it helps you, certainly makes your team better. But the thing that the reason I actually brought this up is because if you guys recall, on our buy low board 2 weeks ago, I said, this is the time. Buy low on LaMelo Ball. There's been no update on him, but he's been out at that point for, like, 5 weeks. And right ankle sprains, no matter how bad they are, basically don't take longer than 8. Otherwise, you're getting into, like, tears, and they would have probably had to say that. I know the Hornets are terrible with their injury reporting, but they've been calling it a right ankle sprain this whole time. If they switched it, called it something else, okay, a different monster, but they never changed off of that. And so when we got to 5 weeks and there wasn't that update, I was like, look. Worst case scenario right now, he's out 3 more weeks. Worst case. And you could probably get him for a top 50 guy at that point. Like, you think somebody was saying no to you if you offered them to Jontay Murray for LaMelo Ball 2 weeks ago or Alpryn Chinguon? Tyler Herro before he got hurt again right now? No. They're taking those dudes. Miles Bridges, DeMar DeRozan, Bam Adebayo, these guys probably all would have gotten it done. LaMelo Ball was number 31 before he got hurt, but I do think it's worth pointing out that he was coming on also before he got hurt. He was number 20 in the 5 games before he went down, and that was despite 4 and a half turnovers per game because his other numbers were 29.6 boards, 8 assists, 4.33 pointers, medium volume, 92% at the free throw line, 1.3 steals. Those are 1st round type of numbers minus the 4 and a half league worst turnovers during that stretch, worse than Trae Young. You had an opportunity to get a guy who's a 1st rounder if you're punting turnovers over that stretch that probably won't numbers that we're gonna hold the whole way through for a top 50 type of guy. And all you had to do was be willing to take a chance that he'd be back in the next 2 to 3 weeks. And here you go. One good question in the chat there are actually way more than one. There's a lot of really good questions in the chat room. I love that you guys are helping each other. I appreciate that because you know I can't get to them. But this is an interesting question. Someone dropped Evan Mobley. Should you pick him up and hold him in your injured reserve slot or no? Well, the problem with Mobley that we didn't have it's like, it's not really a problem, I guess. The sort of the issue is that we immediately got told that Mobley was out for 1 and a half to 2 months right out of the chute. He's been out right now for about 1 month and a week or so. So you're looking at probably another 3 or 4 weeks, but we don't really know for sure. We know that he's not just gonna pop up and start playing any day now, which wasn't the case with LaMelo Ball. That was one of the reasons that I put him as a by low because I was like, look. We might get really lucky on this by low, and he might just pop up and play tomorrow. That's not happening with Mobley. You know you're squatting on him for at least 2 to 3 weeks, maybe longer, but we are talking about a top 50 guy. And, generally, the rule of thumb is you should be willing to stash a top 50 guy for up to 6 weeks. So the short answer to the Evan Mobley, should I stash him right now question, I think is probably yes because I think he's back in about 1 more month, so all star break. If you can stash him, top 40 guy, for 1 month, you definitely do it. Good question. Again, that brings up a rule of thumb. Top 50 guys you stash for up to 6 weeks. Top 75 guys, I wouldn't stash for more than 3 or 4 weeks. Call it 4, about a month. Top 90 or deeper, you probably dump them if they clear that mark. That's kind of the the stash rule of thumb. I think that's probably it, actually. I think that's it for today. We should have a show on Sunday because Monday, as you guys might recall, is MLK Day, one of the absolute most fantastic NBA days of the year because there's a bazillion games, and they run from first thing in the morning until your head hits the pillow. In fact, let's see. When do they actually start on that one? I think we looked this up one other time. First game is at 10 AM Pacific time. I love it. You just got time to, like, get the day going, rub the sleep out of your eyes, and then it's party time. It's an 11 game day, so it's like Christmas doubled, basically, with the same general idea. You got the morning game, hour and a half later, your midday crop of 4 game starts. 2 and a half hours after that, you got a 4 game chunk of early evening games, then you got that one weird mountain game in Utah, and then you got the nightcap. Lakers host the thunder. I'm sure the lakers are gonna get bludgeoned in that ballgame, but it whatever. Oh, I love it. I love it. But, of course, that means there isn't isn't time for us to do a Monday morning show to get you ready for a 10 AM lineup lock. So we're gonna try to do that on Sunday. It'll be later in the day on Sunday so that most of the results are in. We might not have the end of that Phoenix Portland game on Sunday night, but everything else should be done by about, I don't know, 6, 6:30 Pacific time. And then we'll try to get that show out. That'll recap the weekend and get you situated, for the coming week ahead. One thing to kinda keep in mind as you guys look towards next week is that because Monday is such a heavy day. It's a heavy flow day, ladies and gentlemen. It's a it's a gross joke waiting to happen, but it's not the only heavy flow day next week. So you got MLK day, which is an 11 gamer. You got Wednesday, which is a 10 gamer. So there's 2 days where you might get stuck with sort of an overload on roster. And maybe more importantly, Tuesday is an extremely light day, and there are opportunities to front load your week. The thunder go Monday, Tuesday back to back, and the sixers go Monday, Tuesday back to back. So that's an interesting way to look as you sort of pivot into next week. We'll talk about all of that and more in a Sunday evening show. In the meantime, please make sure to like, rate, subscribe. Go find me over on Twitter. Actually, you might be watching on Twitter right now. So if you are, make sure to hit the follow button at Dan Besperis. Have a great Friday, everybody. Thanks for watching. Thanks for hanging out with us all the time and helping grow sportsethos.com. I actually bothered to type out the entire website name. Head to the Discord. That link is in the show description. Head to Manscaped. Go get something sweet. I think that's all the promo. I don't know. I'm sure I'm missing something. Hugs and kisses to you all. I will see you over on social media between now and Sunday. Later.