Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Apologies, on the slight delay. Wanted to get this thing going a tiny bit sooner than I did, but we're here. Do you really care? Does anybody really care why I'm 5, 6 minutes late? The answer is that I was getting an this is, like, beyond first world problem type of moment. We use Instacart a lot. Have, basically since the pandemic and, you know, with the second kid, it's a lot easier. And this Instacart dude was texting me about something called Topo Chico, and I kept saying, I have no idea what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. Finally, like, 4 messages in, I'm like, dude, are you shopping 2 orders? I was like, yeah. I'm sorry. It's the wrong one. So then I looked it up. I guess it's, like, carbonated water, basically. I didn't ask for carbonated water. I drink my water out of the tap, like my pappy used to do, and it's pappy before him. Topo Chico. What the hell do I need carbonated water for? What am I? What some kind of fancy boy? I'm not fancy. I actually drink I actually like tap water. I have no problem with it. If I want it cold, I will put it in the refrigerator. I don't need bottled water. And it's not because I'm some environmentalist. I just think it's unnecessary. Whatever. You guys have been following me for a long time, so you already know I'm weird. So this should come as absolutely no surprise to you, that I'm even one click weirder than you realized. Welcome to another week, week 19, Fantasy Basketball. Playoffs start next week for a lot of folks. If your playoffs start this week, I apologize. I don't think we're gonna get into a lot of that on today's show. But what I am gonna do is what I'm hoping at least, I'm gonna finish this show, and then we're gonna launch another one almost right after it. So, there's more text messages coming in from Instacart. I don't know. I'm gonna do this on a live show. And then the show after this one will have a sort of a takedown of this upcoming week. But for now, this show, the big weekend recap will get you the ads for this coming week. Should be a lot of fun. I am Dan Besperis. This is Fantasy NBA Today, sports ethos presentation, sportsethos.com. At danbesbris, you gotta find me over on social media. I hope that you will. Danbesbr I s. Please take a moment to like and subscribe before we dive into the fun stuff today. And also, shout out, baseball draft guide. It is a comin'. I think there are, like, 5 or 6 things that are, officially ready to go. The rank list should be out this week as well. You can get all of that in the MLB Fantasy Pass at Sports Ethos. That's just $6 a month. Or get yourself an all sport Fantasy Pass. You can finish out the NBA season. You can get it going into the next NBA season. I would recommend the All Sport, but, you know, you do what you gotta do. That's all available over at sportsethos.com. Let's dive in, shall we? Let me make sure I'm getting the, the graphics all the way that I want them. There we go. We will go through Sunday and then Saturday, and then there are 3 teams. I actually bothered to look it up before I went on air today that didn't play Saturday or Sunday, so we'll hit those from Friday as well. And let's just start kinda moving our way through the stuff here. The, Milwaukee Bucks took down the the sort of semi zombie sixers. The what do you you can't really call them the zombie sixers because Joel Embiid is gonna be out for a while. This is just who they are now. So what do we got? Well, Malik Beasley continues to be a pretty reasonable fill in for Khris Middleton as long as he remains out. Not that he's, like, starting for him, but he's getting some of his shots. And Beasley's running hot right now, which is also relevant. No. I'm not picking up Bobby Portis after one good ballgame. Moving on. We're gonna try to go pretty quickly on this stuff too. I think people appreciate it when we hustle until you get to something that actually requires a bunch of additional attention. And there's a little bit of that with the sixers, mostly the backcourt. And I think there's actually some disagreement in the fantasy community on this. I you guys know me. I tend to be very high on d'Anthony Melton, and this is the kind of ball game that makes me stay that way. He only played 18 and a half minutes as he's working back from a stress fracture in his back, which is a big deal. Sixteen points, 3 boards, 3 assists, 2 steals, 4 3 pointers in 18 and a half minutes. He was awesome. I mean, that's a, like, that's a top 70 or better fantasy line in 18 and a half minutes. And it's always been the case for Melton that he could put up fantasy numbers in low minutes. The issue has generally been, is he playing alongside extremely high usage dudes? And the answer right now, finally, after a very long time of it, the answer being yes, the answer right now is no. Just Tyrese Maxey, really. Because, I mean, what what are we gonna say? Tobias Harris is a high usage guy? He's not. He's a usage guy. Uber E is sort of a usage guy, but Melton actually had the highest on the team. He went out there, and he was just firing away, having a grand old time. So, yes, there are more backcourt bodies on this team right now. They've added Buddy Hield. They added Kyle Lowry. But the thing is, Melton is better than these guys. Yes. He's better than both of those dudes. I know Buddy Hield is a nice outside shooter, but Melton's just a better all around fantasy or basketball player. And so in my eyes, I trust that Nick Nurse is going to see that. It's not always the best idea to put your trust in a coach to see the thing that is, like, right there out on the page in front of them, but I trust in nurse. And I think that as Melton, the he's on a minutes limit right now, so don't worry about the the time. He'll be what it was? A 16 minutes 15, 16 minutes in the first game. Now 18, he'll probably be at 20 or so in the next one. You know, Philly has a back to back. He'll probably get that off blended in there, and, they do next week. This week, they have only a 3 gamer, so he'll probably play in all of those. And, you know, I'm always looking at things more on the roto side. I get it if you're streaming. He has a very bad schedule over the next 4 days, just one game. But I think by, you know, middle of next week, Melton's gonna be clobbering people. So I'm big into D'Anthony Melton. I think you can keep playing Maxey, obviously. Harris, Paul Reed is a yes. Buddy Heel, he's a hold. And then, Kelly Oubre is the one that I'm a little bit worried about. But as long as he's still chucking in his time on the floor, then I won't be too worried about it. So hold all of those guys for now. We'll kinda see how things shake out, but, definitely add D'Anthony Melton. That's one of my key names for the foreseeable future is Melton. And I don't know if Embiid ever shows back up again this year. And if he does, we can reassess at that point. But for now, I think Melton, a 100%, in my eyes, belongs on rosters. Because, like, how many times can you go out to the waiver wire and find somebody that if he gets the minutes and we we don't know. Like, maybe he caps out at, like, 24 with all these new guards in the mix. If that's the case, then you're looking at a guy who's gonna be struggling to hit top 100. But dude was, you know, top 75 this year before he got hurt, and that was with Embiid around 28 minutes, mind you, but 10 shots. He could get 10 shots in less than 28 minutes without Joel Embiid out there as we saw in his ballgame yesterday. So that's one of the names that I wanted to pause on a little bit. Lakers and Suns, not a whole lot to take away from the Lakers. Hajimura is has that sort of last starting spot right now, but his Fantasy game is not robust enough to consider him. And add, on the Phoenix side, no Eric Gordon who was going to be likely filling in for Bradley Beal. So you were now sort of 2 rotation guys down, and that meant that Royce O'Neil was sort of unfettered. There were no fetters upon him. Nothing could hold Royce back. He played 37 minutes at 6 three pointers. He was, unquestionably the best player on the floor for the Phoenix Suns yesterday, which is a crazy thing to say, but, you know, these guys are all very good at basketball. And at some point, they'll pop off. And the Lakers were like, look. We have to figure out a way to slow down Durant and Booker, and we're gonna live with it if Grayson Allen and Royce O'Neil beat us, and they did. Those 2 guys combined for 12 3 pointers. 44 points on 29 shots between the 2 of them. If Beal and Gordon are still off for the next ballgame, then you play Royce O'Neil. Fairly straightforward call there. Got some questions about Bowl Bowl. He played 24 minutes. You know, again, this team is extremely shorthanded right now. This is probably a best case scenario for Bowl unless Yousef Nurkic goes down. I guess if Drew Eubanks went down, you might get a little bit more bowl. He has jumped over Eubanks in the pecking order. But this is sort of, like, as good as it's gonna get. I don't think he needs to be added in 12 teamers. You can put him on your watch list. Someone's gonna pick him up, and then they'll drop him a day or a game or 2 later. I think you can just watch for now. Plus, I do believe that as this team gets a little bit healthier, you'll see them run smaller more often, and that hurts, well, anybody who's not above average at basketball, which is, like, everybody on this team. They're a very, very thin club. They really only have, like, 7 guys they're willing to play, and 2 of those guys are hurt right now. So a ball ball gets bonus. Dallas, this is troubling. Derek Lively played 14 and a half minutes. Daniel Gaffer played 19 and a half minutes. And Maxi Kleva played 24 and a half minutes, which I get it. That goes over 48. So that was some minutes were logged not at center for at least one of those guys. But it is extremely troubling that all three of them are playing less than rotational minutes. And so you now you've got this unpleasantness. And it's sort of weird. Like, I I think Jason Kidd is trying to figure out what combos work at the moment because Lively was a plus 9 in his 14 and a half minutes, and Cleba and Gafford were a combined minus 32 in theirs. And I get it. You can't draw that many conclusions from plus minus, but it does seem a little bit like you might get a, you know, who's who's, matching up better on a given night kind of thing. I'm still holding Gafford. I think you can drop Lively. I think you can not that you ever picked up Cleba, but you could obviously not you can let go of him. And the reason I'm holding Gaffer is that he only needs about 22, 23 minutes to actually be a fantasy asset. Like, he wasn't that far off here in 19 and a half minutes. He had 8 and 5 with a block. You give him another 3 or 4 minutes out there. You've got 10 and 6 with a block and a half or whatever it is, 10 and 6 and a half. Like, at least at that point, he's startable, if barely. And then anything over that is gravy. If Lively gets hurt again, if Kleeba gets hurt again, all that stuff could kinda break in your favor. So I'm not dropping Gafford yet, but this is messy. And if you're thinking about picking up Josh Green, just know that this is a dude who's running hot right now. And I keep I got to, like I have to be better about saying it's okay to play players when they're hot, but I just know like, we know enough to know that this is not a thing that's going to just magically be okay the rest of the year. His usage numbers are not all that high. He's been on kind of, like, a pretty good steals run also, which is a little bit unusual. He's shooting the ball well. He's not going to the free throw line, which is good for him. The 3 pointers have been better. All that to say, I don't think you need to take the Josh Green plunge if you were thinking about it. Feels unnecessary. I don't know. Yeah. Let's keep going. Indiana, Benedict Matherin is filling in for, Aaron Nesmith right now, and Matherin's actually kind of been okay. I would argue better than I expected in this role. And, you know, he's not shooting well, which is actually kind of promising given the other stuff. He has 4 steals, 10 assists, 17 rebounds in his last two ball games, and it's mostly just because the minutes are there. He's played 68 minutes in those two games. Now when Nesmith comes back, Matherin, you don't even have to give him a second thought. But right now, like, that many minutes, he's probably short term streamable. I mean, like, heaven forbid, he actually has a better shooting game here. Let's say he has a better shooting game tonight against Toronto. If he's still taking 12, 13, 14 shots, which is we said 14 exactly in the 2, most recent Nesmith fill in games, I don't know. The assists stay that high. It's actually a rebounder. He's not that terrible. So that's, you know, not 11, but somewhere between 5 and 10 is not insane. Give it 6 and a half, 7 rebounds possibly in 33, 34 minutes, because Miles Turner is not that great of a rebounder. And Siakam is not an overwhelmingly great rebounder, so there is a little bit left over there for Matherin. I think you could probably play him tonight. You know, it's not, like, spending a bunch of roster moves on stuff. And, you know, Roto games cap, it's a little easier because you could just pick up a guy and then drop him 2 days later if you needed to. But, for a player that I've basically said I don't want anything to do with, he's in an okay spot right now. And so I'm kind of okay if you really wanted to playing Matherin in the very short term. Andrew Nembhard playing decent minutes, but his fantasy game tends not to translate all that well. He typically is, like, mostly, like, medium assists and not a whole lot else. Shooting 7 for 8 yesterday was helpful, but I don't I don't trust him for 9 Cat. Cleveland over Washington, not much on the Cavs side. I don't care if Lavert had a better ballgame, but I don't care. We know what's gonna happen with him and 9 Cat. And then Max Strouse, who's the founding member of the doesn't matter club, had 2 good ball games, so he was due for, stinker. By the way, I think that doesn't matter club should sort of be named after, like, late stage late career Danny Green, where it was like, look. If you just look back at the end of the month, it's gonna be, like, a 100 to 120 range month, and that's basically what Struse is gonna be. It'll be about 120 over a month. Some of the time, it'll be good. Some of the time, it'll be bad. It doesn't really matter. If you wanna fill in the end of your head to head bench, that works. I don't think I'd use them against the game's cap. These doesn't matter, guys. Probably don't belong in a lineup against the game's cap, but you get it. Hey. Let's pause on Jordan Poole for a second here because Jordan Poole got benched because, seemingly the coach is like, look. I want the ball in your hands more when you're on the floor. And he's actually responded well. Benched Jordan Poole has taken 57 shots in 3 games since moving to the bench. He's taking 17 free throws, so you're finally getting the positive impact free throw number from him. Like, he's actually getting to the line. He could not throw a stone in the ocean right now. He's shooting 38 some odd percent, I think, over this last week. That's despite a good ball game yesterday. The rebounds and assists are never gonna be all that high for him, but he did have 5 assists in yesterday's ball game. And, basically, what we're looking at here with Poole is he's finally taking the usage that folks were hoping he would have to start the season. Now the big issue, of course, is going to be field goal percent. Is it gonna be 38% on high volume, or is it gonna be 41? Which doesn't feel like that big of a difference, but it's actually an enormous difference when you're talking about how much of a drag that number is because he's not taking a whole bunch of shots. You know, 57 shots, if you wanna go a couple of percentage points, you're actually talking about, made bucket, 2 made buckets, that kind of thing. So, like, that's substantial when as opposed to, like, if he was taking 7 shots a game, the difference between 39% and 41% is nothing. It's meaningless. But on volume, it matters. So, to that end, I don't really know. We can't know. If he's gonna run hot, is he gonna run cold? Is it gonna be somewhere in between? The best we can do is just assume that he's gonna land somewhere near where he was maybe before he hit the bench, which is, like, 40 and a half to 41%. And then if he gets back to Golden State, 43 I don't think he's getting anywhere. You're 45. That was sort of, like, the good shooting year for Poole. But if he can get back to 42, 43%, now you're actually cooking with something. So the we're getting there in a way that I didn't expect. I should probably say that. But you may remember that I said I thought Jordan Poole was an interesting post deadline stash, because I thought, well, the wizards would trade someone, Tyus Jones, Kao Kuzma, something like that. They might open up the usage for him. It seems like the usage is gonna get opened up for Poole just in a different way. So this is like finding the uncharted road to get to this point. So if Poole got dropped, I think he's a must add player right now. He's not gonna be particularly available in no. It's funny. He'll be more available in expert leagues than he will in novice because he was so awful that expert leagues, there's, like, no way anybody was gonna play him all season long while he was tanking your team. But novice leagues, they're like, oh, but he's he's scoring 16 points. I gotta hold on to this dude. So he was actually a little bit more available in leagues that have, well, I guess it's, like, minimal IL slots because then teams are gonna wanna, like, dump the guys that stink so that they can get afford to take a 0 on somebody that doesn't, he was more likely to get dropped in expert leagues because experts were aware of how bad he was. But, anyway, point is, just go check. Check to see if he's out there. Larry Shamet had a nice ball game. I'll put him on a watch list. I don't think that we need to jump at Shamet right now, because he's sorta come out of nowhere here to play 37 minutes. There was no Denny Avia for the Wizards yesterday. Bilal Khulbili, who had slid into the starting lineup for Jordan Poole, also got hurt. I think it's a pelvic contusion. Yeah. That's the final ruling yesterday. So then when Avia went out, they needed to bring another guy in off the bench to start. That was Shamet. Presumably, Avdia won't be out for too long, so Shamet likely won't be interesting for too long. But if Coolabilly now is hurt, then maybe Shamet just slides over and starts for him. So there's sort of a couple ways that we could get to this point with Shamet who's, you know, fringy at best. And then Marvin Bagley has not done what we were hoping for. I wanted to make sure we held on to him just for a little bit to kinda find out what his role was gonna be. And we're seeing that, you know, as a starter here in this sort of post Gafford era, it's been a mixed bag. He had a 15 and 14 game in the middle of all of this. He had what did he play? Like, 15 minutes and 28 then 30. And the rebounds have been fine, and the blocks have been okay. But the problem for me with Bagley, and and I'll call him sort of a soft hold right now, is that the free throws are bad. We knew that was gonna be the case. And the steals and blocks are actually, like, kind of okay right now, and I'm a little worried of what it's gonna look like if those taper off at all. Because, basically, since he gained the starting role, he's at 5 steals and 7 blocks over, I guess, at 6 ball games. And I just honestly, I don't know if those are gonna hold. And if they don't, he falls out to the top 100, because he's, like, teetering right on the borderline right now. And I get it. Everybody wants the 10 rebounds, so, you know, it's not the end of the world there. Like, if if you wanna hang on and take the rebounds, that's okay. I just I don't think he's going any higher than that until someone else gets out of the way. Now if they shut down a high usage guy, if Poole or Kuzma or whoever, gives up their shots, and Bagley can get more than 10 shots ballgame if he gets up into that, like, 13, 14 shots range. And that's what you saw in their loss to the Pelicans right before the all star break. He had 14 points. He's at a 15 point game in there. That's a big difference from 11. And you guys know I'm not a guy who cares that much about points, but that's significant. Add an extra 3, 4 points to his number, now you got a double double you can actually kinda write home about instead of just basically 10 and 10. So Bagley's a soft hold. He is a hold, soft though it may be. But, anyway, that's where I'm standing on that one. Nothing on Denver. Don't care about them at all. Everything is the same for the warriors. Andrew Wiggins is a hold. Klay Thompson, who I was starting to get real nervous about, he had a better ball game here. He remains kind of a soft hold as well. Brandon Pogemski is also a soft hold. I'm worried about what Chris Paul might do to him, but maybe I should be worried about what Paul might do to Clay Thompson also. I don't think I am, because Slay is, like, literally the only guy on the team besides Steph that can actually hit a 3 pointer sometimes, or he's have no spacing at all on their roster. A bug flew into my vision there if you're wondering what I'm looking at. Hope you guys sold high on Jonathan Kamingo. All the stuff that we are worried about has sort of come out now. You're, holding there's that bug. Holding Draymond Green. Also, he's a low end sort of punt points kinda center guy, but this is an ugly game overall for the warriors. And I think that's why I'm I don't know what's going on with my headphone today. I think it's getting caught. Is it getting caught on this strap here, or do I have them in backwards? No. It's not in backwards. I don't know why it's doing something weird today. Anyhoo. So Warriors, a lot of soft holds right now until Chris Paul comes back, and then we'll see what everything means. Orlando. Jonathan Isaac's knee buckled. He may not play again until 2029. We'll see what happens there. We were kinda paying attention to see if he could get 20 minutes, but, you know, this is what happens when he plays a few extra minutes. He plays 2, and then the whole thing comes apart. I do believe this is part of a back to back, and maybe they're feeling bad about doing that now. I don't know. Either way, Franz Wagner is literally the only 9 cat player on the Magic who are without, by the way, without Paolo Banchero for the first game all season long. It didn't really change much. It meant some more for Wendell Carter junior, a little bit more for Jalen Suggs, a little bit more for Cole Anthony who played 30 minutes off the bench, but I would expect Paolo back, and so I wouldn't read too much into it. The big news over the weekend that we kinda buried in the mix here is that Trae Young had surgery on his hand, and he's expected to miss at least 4 weeks. He'd reevaluate it at 4 weeks, so he's not even gonna be back at that point. If the hawks are still kind of fighting at the edge of that play in bubble, you'll see him come back and play. Trey has been extremely durable. In his career, he'll try to get back in there. But in the meantime, this now gives you sort of a firmer hold on a guy like Sadik Bey, who I thought could fade as Deandre Hunter got better. Hunter now is an ad. He was sort of a speculative ad before. He was a guy I talked about as a trade deadline stash. Also, Jalen Johnson is gonna go crazy. Dejounte Murray is gonna go crazy. Crazy? Bogdan Bogdanovic is gonna go crazy. Hunter's gonna be okay. Bay is gonna be okay. Clint Capela is on a minutes cap right now. Your trade deadline's probably past, but if it hasn't, you should try to see if you could get Clint Capela. Because on Yeko, Kongo is out for at least 2 weeks, technically, indefinitely. And so if Capella gets his minutes up before then, he could go on a little bit of a push here. And then those guys will go back to splitting things a little bit. I got a bunch of questions about Kobe Buffkin. I don't specifically know why. He's nowhere near 12 team. So you don't have to worry about that. If you're in a super deep league, you could keep an eye on him, but that's about as far as I'd go there. Oklahoma City, everybody then is tell like, I always bring that up, and then people are like, this is why I ask. Like, that's fine. If you guys could tell me, I either way is fine. I just look at what people are tweeting at me, and then I'm like, I don't understand this, but I guess I'll talk about it on the pod. That's why you guys should listen to the pod. Thunder. They have no fantasy notes of any kind ever. They have 3 players on their team you're starting every day, and that's it. Chet, Shea, Jalen Williams. How about the Rockets, though? Freddie VanVleet is is kinda settled back in now. That's nice. Shangoon, Jabari Smith junior, these guys are the pretty obvious calls. Dillon Brooks is droppable with Freddie back because he's not forced to take 19 shots anymore. Ahman Thompson is the one that we're all watching. He's a hold right now. Minutes were a bit lower in this ballgame again. He was having efficiency issues, shot 2 of 10 from the field, missed his free throws, but he's an amazing rebounder for a guard. Defensively, you're seeing it, like, nightly blocks and steals. And that's just in my opinion, that's that's not a guy you can kick back to the waiver wire, not when the ceiling is that high. And he's been sort of regularly stealing a few minutes from Jalen Green who played a little bit more in this ballgame, so it's not gonna be every night. But, like, there'll be games where Green plays 25 minutes, and Thompson also gets up to 25. And in those, I'm in Mike just damn do enough to be a fantasy start. So I would hold on to Thompson, kinda see how this thing goes. Again, he's another player that I wanted to pause on just for a moment because I felt like there was kinda more there. But, yes, firm hold on Thompson. Chicago, start the starters. Pelicans right now start the starters. They're down CJ McCollum. I guess they were start the starters when he was back also. It's just a different last starter. CJ's out, so Trey Murphy is in. And right now, Zion, Trey, Herb, JV, Ingram, those are the 5 guys you could start. When McCollum comes back, he'll punt Trey Murphy back to the bench. And I think at that point, you probably then also punt Trey Murphy. But for now, I like what Trey can do when he's starting. Those extra minutes are good for his rebounds, good for his defensive stats, and that covers the fact that, like, this ball game, he shot the ball very poorly. He'll have good shooting games where he won't need that other stuff, but the extra minutes as a starter means he'll get that other stuff. And that means now the floor is 100, and the ceiling is more like 50. When he's coming off the bench and his minutes are, you know, 7 to 10 minutes lower, you start to look at ceiling of 80 and floor of, like, 160. It's a pretty good chunk move for him. So Trey Murphy, injury filling right now. Utah blew out the Spurs, not for lack of Wembanyama's trying. Victor's last stretch here is mind boggling. He's up to number 9 in 9 cat now. He passed Kevin freaking Durant. How? I'll tell you how. He's blocking shots at a rate that, I just can't even remember. He's number 2 over the last week. Listen to these averages for Wimbledon over his last 3 ball games. 22.7 points, 1.7 threes, 11 rebounds, 4.7 assists, 3.7 steals, and 5 blocks. Yeah. That's ridiculous. Over his last 3 games, he has 11 steals and 15 blocked shots. And even though he's been a pretty big negative, in field goal percent, they who cares? What's really amazing is that Nikola Jokic has actually been better, a more valuable 9 cap player over that same stretch. Jokic is on one of his ridiculous surges right now, but, oh my god, Wembley. I had the distinct privilege of playing against him in one of my 3 head to head legs. And, I mean, I thought I had that week completely wrapped up in both steals and blocks, and Wembley switched it for both. Basically, it's crazy. Hold on to Trae Jones. Hold on to Devin Vassell. Obviously, those are the 3 guys. I hope you guys sold high on Jeremy Sohan when I mentioned that a while back. We can keep going. For the Utah Jazz, Taylor Hendrix, I called a speculative ad towards the end of last week. I think that's the best we can say. He fouled out in 26 minutes here. So would he have played 2 minutes more? Maybe. Would that have made any difference in his Fantasy line? Meh. 9 and 3 with a block and a or a block and a 3 ball? I mean, okay. Keep an eye on it, obviously, but I don't know that anything really is guaranteed. Walker Kessler has now settled back into his 18 to 20 minute range, which is annoying, but it is top 100. So hold on to Kessler. And then Keontae George, who I mentioned, I thought he's a sell high when he has a couple good shooting games in a row like he did going into the all star break. Now you've seen the cool off. The bottom can fall out hard on these young guys. Keontay is both a hold and a sell when you can. Those two things can be true at the same time. Maybe Jordan Clarkson's heating up again. If he's about to go on a heater, that's also a sell high opportunity. Markkanen, John Collins, Colin Sexton, and then Walker Kessler. Those are the 4 safe ones for the Jazz in 9 cat. And then George is sort of like the, oh, I'll be getting him on the right week kind of play, but he is still a hold. And I feel somewhat similarly about Trey Mann. Although the more I look at them, I think Mann has a little bit of a higher floor than Keontay because the, defensive stats and the, rebounds tended to be better. Although here, Trey Mann played 24 and a half minutes, had 6 points, 2 boards, and 3 assists. The 3 steals kinda floated his value for this ballgame. Charlotte won again, which is crazy. They've completely ruined their chance at getting, you know, or are ruining their record their chance at getting a bottom 3, record in the league. They're now are they better than the blazers? No. Half game. They beat Portland to move 1 in a half game of having a better record. Charlotte, stop it. Stop it, Charlotte. You're screwing up a whole season of being awful. It was funny too. They asked their coach, Steve Clifford, what's different. And he said guys are trying now, which is a big indictment of the dudes that were there before. But you could get it. Like, they had some veterans who were just like, I'm a put up my numbers. Now they got guys playing defense. Cody Martin had a big ballgame. You're not picking him up, not from 1 big big ballgame. Vasilyevicic had a nice ball game. You're also not picking him up, either. Nick Richards, again, low end center stream. He had a big ball game here, so that was nice. But overall, we kinda know what his floor ceiling is after, like, 3 months of filling in for Mark Williams. Brandon Miller, Miles Bridges, those guys are are obvious starts. Trey man, again, similar to Keontae George. He is both a hold and start and a sell well hot. We knew the rebounds weren't gonna stick at, like, 7 a ball game. He's just not big enough to put up those kind of numbers. He's not that tall. I mean, he's tall for a point guard, but he's not that tall. And he's not thick at all. So, like, the guy the guards that get a lot of rebounds tend to be either very tall or very strong. And he's not really either of those, so we sorta knew that number was gonna come down. What is everything else gonna be? Again, we don't exactly know because he's never really had an opportunity like this before. Could he be top 100 9, Cat? Yes. But when he has one of those big ball games and someone's like, oh, this guy could be, like, top 40, that's when you need to jump in and be like, I'll give you this dude, and all you gotta do is give me back a top 70 guy. And you'll basically be happy you did unless you're punting field goal percent, in which case, obviously, he takes a a pretty good sized step forward. For Portland, Anthony Simon's had a bad shooting game, but you're not gonna worry too much about that. Jeremy Grant, similar story. As long as those guys are healthy, you play them. Chris Murray got the shooting guard minutes with, no Malcolm Brogdon, no Scoot Henderson, no Shaden Sharp. There's plenty of guys that are out for Portland right now. Dominating finally decided to wake up here. He got off to a really good start this season, remember, and then disappeared for a while, but Ayton is top 20 over the last couple of weeks. Where is he for the full season now? 52. That's, like, almost right where he was drafted. Congratulations, Deandre Ayton, of being basically right on your ADP. Missed a bunch of ball games, so by totals, not so much. But, again, like, those are only the those are really the only guys you can play. Like, I don't think you can play Chris Murray. You certainly how many times did you guys have to ask me about Jabari Walker before finally taking my word that it's not he needs multiple guys out of the way. And, you know, at some point, Scoot will come back, and he's gonna be asked to carry a big usage load when the team goes into full shutdown, but they're not there yet. Does Brogdon play again? I don't know. Maybe. Whatever. Sacramento, keep streaming Malik Monk. He's a he's a bonafide stream while warm guy. Kevin Hurr is a stream when he gets minutes guy, which is starting to tip back the other way mostly because Harrison Barnes was playing better. But the Malik Monk heater is also contributing, and it's almost like he and Hurter kinda trade off, Monk and Hurter. Which guy actually gets to do enough consistently? So maybe you just trade off who you have on your roster. Hurter was okay enough in this game to sort of float holding on for another 1 or 2 days, but I need to see that minute count get back up to 30 if I'm actually gonna recommend holding on to him long term. Not surprisingly, by the way, De'Aaron Fox better out of the all star break. He starts fast and then tires. We've seen this a couple times now. He might be a guy who benefits from just taking, like, a game off every once in a while. What's Sacramento's record right now? 33 and 23, they're the 5 seed tied with the Suns and the Pelicans. Yeah. I guess they can't give them any days off. My bad. Keep them going. Clippers. I don't know what the hell happened to the Clippers in this ballgame. They just couldn't shoot the ball from outside. No Paul George. Norman Powell filling in. He filled in for Kawhi before. He filled in for PG in this one. And, you know, if you need points, that's the direction you go. Otherwise, no. I'm not picking up Terrence Mann. We've seen this enough times to know he has 2 or 3 games like this and then, basically goes back to being nonexistent. Before we turn the clock back and cover the games from Saturday, this is a great opportunity for me to remind you guys to find me over on Twitter at Danvers, and make sure to, follow sports ethos on Twitter at ethosfantasybk. Also, please take a moment to subscribe however you're taking in this show. YouTube, Twitter, Spotify, iTunes. Does Stitcher exist anymore? No. I don't think they do. Simple cat whatever it is, like, please hit the subscribe button. That's a big deal. And if you're watching or listening on a format where you can hit a like button, please do that as well. And, frankly, if you're just catching us as we, you know, sprint past you, on Twitter, make sure to follow and hit the like button there as well. Whatever little thing you guys can do, it actually does matter a lot. Also, also also check out our buddies over atmanscaped.com. Use promo code ethos20. Ethos20, e t h o s 20 to get 20% off your order and free shipping atmanscaped.com. You can get a handyman. That's an actual traditional electric razor, not a sideburn trimmer. Actual electric razor, and it's awesome. I use it multiple times a week on the, straggler hairs. Also, an area that my late father referred to as the out of bounds markers. Gotta get rid of those. They also, of course, have the lawnmower. That is the titan of all, actual trimmers. You can use it wherever you want. I'm not gonna do the gross read. Sorry, Manscaped. I'm not doing the the balls read. Use it on whatever. Use it on your face. I look professional these days because I had a bunch of play by play games last week. How do you think I did it? Manscaped.com. Promo at code, Ethos 20. 20 percent off. Free shipping on your order over there. Saturday, short one. Just 3 games, so this shouldn't take long. Orlando, we already talked about. Detroit is, interesting right now, and another team I wanna kinda pause on. Obviously, you've got Duran and you've got Cunningham. Those are your safe 9 cat guys. I'm gonna hold Azzar Thompson, but I need to add a couple of little tweaks on this. And you guys know how I feel about Jaden Ivey. I think he's a points league guy. I don't think he's a 9 cat guy, at least not yet. Percentages and turnovers hurt too much. Thompson, little bit of a mixed bag, but he's a hold. Then you got Simone Fontecchio who, honestly, I think his game translates just better to points formats because he doesn't have that well he had a better well rounded game here, but by and large, his stats set is not particularly well rounded, mostly threes and scoring. Every once in a while, he'll grab a steal. But Quintin Grimes is the other name I wanted to mention. He made his Pistons debut, played 26 and a half minutes, which is a surprisingly large number. Only 5 points, 2 boards, 4 assists, 2 steals a block, and a 3 pointer. I don't think we're gonna get the Grimes from the end of last season with the Knicks. That's the whole, like, oh, maybe we get this iteration. But I I can't imagine a universe where his usage is lower than it was in New York. So 8 shots in 26 and a half minutes. I mean, that's kind of an You took 8 and a half shots in 30 minutes a game for the Knicks last year, and that was by the by the way, that was a number that was pulled up by him taking, you know, double digit shots nightly at the end of last year. But I could see a universe where, you know, let's say Grimes gets up to 27, 28 minutes with this Pistons team. Monty Williams has been known to do all sorts of crazy stuff. If he starts to play close to starters minutes, you could obviously see him get up to, you know, something like 11 shots a game. And then the question becomes, is that enough? I don't think there's anything that's going on with Grimes right now that's enough to say add, but I do think there's enough to say watch. He's a watch list guy for sure. Boston, nothing. Start the starters, and then Horford if any of the starters is out. Knicks, we can view this one pretty quick. Isaiah Hartenstein back up to 24 minutes in that game on Saturday. That's a good sign. That means we can get him back loaded into lineups. Thank goodness. Because him coming out and playing, like, 9 minutes without much of a warning was a huge bummer. Josh Hart, Dante DiVincenzo, Precious Chinchua, Jalen Brunson, you're starting the starters for the Knicks. And as expected, Bojan Bogdanovic didn't get to do much. Alec Burks didn't get to do much. Knicks likes having a little bit of fire firepower off the bench, but at this point, start the starters. And then as a starter comes back, let's say Anunoby comes back before Randle, he probably bumps a Chua, maybe Hart. And whichever guy he bumps, I probably don't start. At least for 1 ball game, maybe 2. And then, of course, OG might take a game or 2 to ramp up, so maybe that's not the fairest way to assess it. But you're gonna see these guys taper off. You're gonna see Precious taper off as guys come back. You're gonna see Hart taper off. Will Di Vincenzo stay above the cut line? Hard to say. You might see all 3 of those guys taper off. But for now, play them. Easy call. Ben Simmons, hurt again. Ben Simmons, Jonathan Isaac Nutsher, who is more obnoxious to roster and fantasy. I've said probably 20 times on the podcast now. I want nothing to do with the Ben Simmons experience this year. So I don't know why I need to keep bringing him up. I do it because there might be one new person watching the show every day or listening to the show, and so I want them to know I want nothing to do with Ben Simmons. I think we can also punt on Dennis Schroder. Even if Simmons misses a game or 2, you know, his assist will be better if that's the case, but I I just don't think Schroder's Fantasy game is gonna translate enough, not without, really a lot of usage that just with or without Simmons, I don't think is coming Dennis's way. Cam Johnson, I'm gonna give I on our last show, I think on Friday or maybe Thursday, I said, I'm going to give him 1 week to convince me to hold. And his minutes have been very slowly trending up coming back from injury. We don't know what Kevin Ollie wants him to do. I like that he was pretty involved offensively in the minutes he was on the court in this ballgame, but there weren't enough of them. If he can get his minutes back up into the mid twenties, that would buy some time for a hold. But if he really is gonna stick between 1823, then we'll ultimately move on from Cam Johnson. But give him let's give him another 2 or 3 ball games, and, and then we'll get a sort of final assessment there. Watch list, Dorian Finney Smith. I don't know that he's gonna do enough nightly. Remember that last year, we had, like, this Dorian Finney Smith quest for top 95. I mean, that's sort of, like, your best ending point for DFS, so I don't think you need to take that big plunge. But let's say Ben Simmons goes down for a while. Dorian probably picks up some of those minutes. What I'd like to see is Brooklyn just flip the script and play a bunch of dudes that weren't playing before, but they don't have their pick. They're only 3 and a half games out of a play in spot currently occupied by a Hawks team that just lost Trae Young. So by and large, you know, most likely, Brooklyn's gonna keep fighting. Better or worse, that's probably what's gonna happen. Timberwolves were without Rudy Gobert on Saturday, so slow mo got the start. And when slow mo gets the start, slow mo goes into our lineups. But I would expect Gobert back very soon, and so this is not a thing that I'm racing to do unless we get word that, Gobert is going to miss another ballgame. And we won't know until tomorrow. They're off tonight. So let's look at Friday. There were 3 teams that did not play over the weekend. If you guys can remember who they are, congratulations. We talked about it a lot last week because I wanted you guys to avoid these teams that had one game on the back half, the back book end of the all star break. Memphis, Miami, and then another team that actually had 2 games, but then went off over the weekend. This is the one that I that caught me by surprise when I was going through and getting myself prepped, Toronto. Miami, you're just waiting to see what's up. They had a bunch of guys suspended, so you're probably gonna get a stream blended in there. Someone like a Caleb Martin, maybe. Duncan Robinson, maybe. We'll see who jumps into the starting 5 for Jimmy Butler. That's probably the guy you'd look at. They had a little kerfuffle. Yes. Fuffles were kerred. Memphis, I think, is probably the one I wanna talk about last. Toronto, Gary Trent junior keeps sitting, like, right on the borderline of someone that I'm willing to hold on to. He had 13, 4, and 4. Shot the ball poorly, but, you know, the 14 shots is hard to ignore. RJ Barrett was out for that ball game. That helped. So Trent probably is gonna end up a drop every time I'm like, yeah. Go ahead and drop. Then he has a better ball game. He probably fits into the, Max Strouse branded doesn't matter club. And then as much as I love Kelly Olynyk, his fantasy stat set is one of my favorite on the planet. I don't think he can get to 25 minutes unless the Raptors shut down Jakob Poeltl, which doesn't feel like it's all that close because we're still end of February right now. You know, maybe a month from now, that happens. But, again, like, at that point, you're talking very end of the season. A lot of leagues will be over. 5, 6 good games out of Olenek at that point. Is it gonna be worth it? I mean, again, the nice thing about Olenek is that even in 20 minutes of ballgame, he's putting up playable Fantasy numbers, so it wouldn't kill you to hang on. He's top 115 in 17 minutes a game with the Raptors on 9, 4, and 2 with a steal half a block in great percentages, but you want more. You know? You're hunting more with that last roster spot, and there's just sort of no room to go up until unless or until they play Olinik and Puertle at the same time. And so far, they've seemed Raikovic has been has seemed somewhat reticent to do so. Ah, well. And then Memphis, I mean, this is like the zombie grizzlies are a complicated mix. Jon Conchier is out dealing with some thumb soreness. We heard that Bane and Smart are trying to get back by, like, the end of March, so that's way off. Santi Aldama, as we talked about on a silly season stash show, he's a guy we'll probably deploy when they shut down Jaren Jackson, who is that gonna be I mean, do we think it's gonna be a 65 game thing, and then j j j's done? He's at 52 right now. So, unfortunately, we still have a ways to go on that. 13 games is a solid I mean, hell, I can tell you how long it's gonna take Memphis to play another 13 games. Let's see. What do they got? They got 4 this week, 4 next week, 3 the week after that. That gets you to 11, and then 3 the week after that. So perhaps by March 20th, JJJ will have the 65 threshold, and then maybe he'll consider shutting it down. So how badly do I wanna hold on to Santi Aldama that whole time? The answer is, not badly enough. I thought he was gonna get to do more. I'll be honest. I thought Aldamo was gonna get full starters minutes, and he would get 12, 13 shots, but it hasn't happened. 24 minutes, 8 shots, it ain't enough. I'm willing to say that I, was wrong on how much I thought he was gonna play, and now he feels like more of a Jaren Jackson beneficiary. Like, the only starter for the Grizzlies that exists right now is the one that's blocking Aldama, but he's there, so we gotta mind it. So j j j and Vince Williams are basically the only grizzlies that you can reliably play on a night to night basis. They did sign Jordan Goodwin, to a a two way deal, so that expands how many games he's eligible to play. He's a guy I'd keep an eye on. I like Goodwin. His fantasy game is interesting. But, again, he's not a guy you're picking up before you actually see it happen. And, you know, Zaire Williams has had, like, a good game every 2 or 3, and Gigi Jackson has one good game every 3 or 4, and Luke Kennard has a good game every 1 or 3, and he sits back to backs. And Konchar has been sitting back to backs, and he's been okay, like, one out of every 3. And that ain't enough. Lamar Stevens actually has a pretty good fantasy game too, but he hasn't played enough. He isn't playing enough minutes either. The only guys on this team reliably playing enough minutes right now are Jaren Jackson junior and Vince Williams junior. That's it. But we'll keep tracking it because maybe they go harder into the silly or softer. I don't know. What what what nomenclature makes more sense? Softer or harder into the silly season? Neither one of them. Either way. Alright. Here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna fire up another show, basically, right after we go off air with this one, and we're gonna break down the week ahead. So come join me over on that one. Please make sure to subscribe so you know when I start that show. I will talk to you guys all in, like, 10 minutes. I am Dan Vesper for Fantasy NBA Today. Find me over on social at Dan Vesper. Hit up Manscaped. Hit up Sports Ethos. Like, rate, subscribe, and I'll see you guys in the next minute or 2. Later for a second.