Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Hey, everybody. Welcome to a new week of Fantasy NBA Today. It's all star weeks. Maybe I should've said welcome to a new weeks of Fantasy NBA Today. I don't know. It doesn't really matter what I said there. Same show coming up either way. I'm Dan Vesperis. This is a sports ethos presentation. Sportsethos.com is the website. Ethosfantasybk is the news feed that is, 14 followers away from 11,000 over there on the ethosfantasybk news feed. I am at danbespres, somewhere in the 21,000 range, which continues to boggle my mind. It just makes me wanna do more and more and more because the obsession is very real. I have my voice, but for how long? 'Tis the question. My younger son, woke up, like, 9 times in the middle of the night yesterday, moaning, said his throat hurt, said his tummy hurt. We don't know what the hell is going on. He's 3. 3 year olds don't really know how to triangulate their pain, but I have a sneaking suspicion that whatever he's got, it'll be mine in 2 days. So get ready for debilitated Dan again on Wednesday. But you know what? We'll enjoy the voice while we've got it. Please do follow me over on social if you're watching on Twitter and, like, half of you are when these shows start, which, you know, shout out to the, the live feed over there. Please do remember to throw a follow on things. If you're watching, listening after the fact, whatever or live over on YouTube, iTunes, Spotify, whatever it turns out to be, I beg of you all. Please take a moment to hit a like button on something, anything that floats your way that has anything to do with this podcast. Share. Subscribe. That's still the single biggest thing you can do to help grow the show is that it hit that subscription button. But, again, whatever you guys can do would be delightful. What else was I gonna talk about before we got things going? I don't think there's a whole lot. News of the day, we'll get to that. We're gonna cover all the teams, so, you know, plenty of there'll be plenty of time for those shenanigans. Yeah. I didn't sleep that much either as a result of, of my kid being awake a 1000 times in the middle of the night. So this is this is gonna be fits and starts, I think, on today's show. I also need to, as I'm looking at myself on the screen, probably deal with, some facial hair overgrowth. But you know what? There's a time and a place for all that, and it's not right now, because I gotta get a shout out to you guys. In the midst of all of this stuff, my wife is also on a very early rotation at the hospital, Couple weeks every year, she trains, neurology residents, and they start at, like, 7:30 in the morning instead of everybody else that starts at 8:30 or 9. So she's out of here. I got double kid duty until if I can get them to school, they're not sick. So everything's gonna be on kind of a weird schedule. That's what I wanted it. That's the thing that I was trying to remember. I just wanted to warn all of you. I don't know when the shows are gonna drop this week and next week. It's gonna be weird. I'm gonna try to get some weekend shows slipped in. Those, have actually been a really big hit lately. Some of the biggest listenership of any of our shows has been these these weird off one off weekend additions. So, we'll keep trying to get that going. As far as today goes, we got a couple things on the docket. Number 1 is a weekend review, and number 2 is the preview, which is a bigger deal than, I think, many weeks because it's all star break time. All star break starts, on Friday of this week. Couple teams actually do play on Thursday. There's, like, 3 games, I think, on, on Thursday. Some of that stuff is makeup related, because the warriors, remember, had some games canceled due to the tragic death of their assistant coach. So you have a slight imbalance on the card. And as a result, the warriors have, a very a robust schedule this week. They are a 6 gamer over the all star weeks, and I believe that they're the only team that has 6 now. There were there's plenty of teams. There's a a number of teams that have 5, but the warriors have that that one game advantage. So we'll we'll get into some of that stuff towards the end of the show, how you also wanna be judicious with your moves because you gotta stretch 4 moves out over 2 weeks in Yahoo Leagues now. So you don't wanna go blowing them all at the front end, blowing them all on hats. But I wanna talk about the weekend's games first. That's where we start. I wanna reset our brains for anybody that's been, you know, in a Super Bowl haze. Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs. I don't care about football, but, Super Bowl is always nice because, you know, get together with friends and loved ones and all that stuff. Let's start with the very narrow Sunday card. Just 2 games yesterday, pre Super Bowl action. They'd sorta got them out of the way. Boston beat Miami 110106. Nothing of all. Nothing at all of note on the Boston side, but Miami had some notes. And, again, for those that are watching live, you can see all the the injury marks on the screen as we scroll through the the Basketball Monster box score page. First of all, Jimmy Butler, who's out at least 2 days, that was, 2 games. Excuse me. That was some of the news that broke this morning. He's on a leave of absence due to a death in the family. So we wish all the best to Jimmy Butler and the, the Butler clan, but he will be presumably out to the all star break. Miami's got games Tuesday Wednesday, and then they're off. And they only have one game on the back end week of all star break. So this is a brutal week to have a heat. So on the head to head side, I don't know that there's a whole lot you're gonna do with this Tuesday, Wednesday back to back that feels like sort of a wasted move because you're gonna have to abandon ship on any Heat streamers in head to head because of how awful their schedule is on the other side of the break and also the possibility that some of this injury stuff works itself out on the other side of the break. Because it wasn't just Butler. Josh Richardson dislocated his shoulder 7 minutes into yesterday's ballgame. He's out for a few weeks. Terry Rozier, had some knee stuff, and he left halfway through. And he'll be out for probably the all star break. I don't know if maybe back on the other side. Roto, on the other hand, because you're not beholden to your weekly roster moves, you do have a little bit more that you can do. Cade La Martin in 15 and 8 with 3 threes in yesterday's ballgame. He's been starting, but there hasn't been a whole lot of stuff for him to do. Jaime Haquez got the start for Jimmy Butler junior. Excuse me. He had 6 points and 3 boards in 29 minutes, so that was sort of disappointing. Duncan Robinson played 33 minutes off the bench and had 15 points and 33 pointers. Haywood Highsmith had 23. So there. We know Bam Adebayo, we know Tyler Herro are gonna be starting. Herro and Adebayo were the easy choices. Presumably, Martin and Haquez will continue to start, and then we're just looking for somebody to replace Terry Rozier. Will that be Duncan Robinson? I don't know. We'll know by tomorrow. But as we've learned before, if Duncan Robinson is in the starting lineup for the Heat, he's fantasy startable. That's kind of in his thing. Basically, a guarantee that he's gonna get about 25 to 34 minutes. And in that amount of time, he'll hit generally generally, again, small sample size stuff here, generally enough 3 pointers to make himself worthwhile. And he's been a little bit better in other facets of his game this year. He's done a little bit of other stuff besides just posting up at 3 point land and waiting for somebody to hit him with a pass. Do I start Caleb Martin on the Roto side? It sort of comes and goes with the breeze. Same story for Haquez, who does seem like he's kinda petered out after that, vicious run he had earlier in the season. If all 3 of those guys are starting, if that's the way if that's the direction the Heat go Tuesday, Wednesday, there's a real chance that all 3 of them end up with fantasy value. Remember before, when Butler and Hero were out for a long stretch, the Heat had, like, 3 guys that stepped into replacement level stuff. Hero's still in there, though, as is Adebayo. So, you know, from a usage standpoint, Rozier being out, he his usage was kind of some medium anyway. Butler obviously had a lot. So, yeah, I mean, you're putting stuff back in the bucket, but you kinda need to make sure you're getting the guy who's gonna take it. And that when he's starting is usually Duncan Robinson, so that's probably the direction I would lean if I was gonna do anything on the Roto side. Again, head to head because their schedule's such dog do. You probably just leave it all alone. Thunder, smoke the heat. Or, the Kings. Excuse me. I'm sorry, guys. I really didn't sleep all that well. I'm gonna say the wrong word a few times, and then I'll correct myself. You guys know where I'm going. The Thunder are, extraordinarily not interesting from a fantasy stand. I mean, they've got 3 guys that are great fantasy players, but nothing ever really changes. Lew Dort had his once a month hot game. You can ignore it. I don't know how many times I have to tell you Josh Giddey is not a guy that needs to be rostered, but I'll say it again. Kings are the one you'd pay a little bit more attention to. And, you know, they went to sort of whatever lineup could get him involved. It was a Davion Mitchell focused comeback, if you can call it that in this one. They cut a 20 point lead down to about 8 at one point. So Mitchell had a better ballgame, ignore. Malik Monk has been hot lately. Makes a lot more sense in head to head than he does in roto, because of those ups and downs for Monk. He's on a heater right now. So, yeah, you could play him in both, but you also don't wanna use up a bad game on a games cap. Where with head to head, it's like, oh, okay. I guess, you know, now he's cool to back off again. I'm gonna hold on to Kevin Herder just for 1, maybe 2 more ball games. This one was sort of blowout related. They used different lineups that got him back into the game, so Herder didn't play as much as he normally would. But, again and I and I tweeted this last night. I don't know if you guys all of you, not all of you, but many of you have listened to this pod long enough to remember when I used to talk about the Marvin Thad line. The Marvin Thad line, for those uninitiated, is a, it's a theorem that which that states that certain players need 30 minutes to have fantasy value. There are certain guys that just sorta need to be out there long enough to have value. They can't do it in less than that, and Kevin Hudder probably fits into that, the Marvin Thad Thad line. He's gotta be above the Marvin Marvin Thad line. This is named after Marvin Williams and Thad Young. This was before Thad turned himself into, Thad Johnson towards the end of his career as they've been calling him, and and now he's just too old to matter. But back when in the sort of the middles of their careers, it was just they needed to be on the court. They needed to hang out long enough to have value, and a herder needs 30 minutes. This game was weird. I think you can probably dump the box to a certain degree. If it happens another time, then we probably move on. Lot of games clapping on Saturday, and I did a show on Sunday morning because of how many games happened on Saturday. So I don't wanna rehash everything we talked about, on that specialty show that, that we did yesterday, but we'll certainly go through some of it. Oklahoma City got blown out by Dallas. You could ignore the thunder side. The, the maverick side was interesting because Maxi Kliba continued to get the start at center with no Derek Lively even though Daniel Gafford's in town. Gafford had 19 and 9 with a block in 17 minutes. Hard to rack up stats much faster than that. But that's the beauty of Daniel Gafford. He was top 30 player. He's a 3rd rounder in Washington in 26, 27 minutes of ballgame. His numbers are gonna trend up. As he learns the playbook, as he learns the defenses, all that good stuff, I expect Gafford actually at some point this year to maybe even take over and just sort of run that starting job. Yeah. They've got different sort of mix and match combos that'll be a little bit annoying for him because Lively comes back. He's sort of the higher flying guy. Kliba's more of the floor spacing type. And Dallas will go to different looks, but I I believe still that Gafford is the guy they want to wedge into what they're doing. So very much a hold. PJ Washington played 24 minutes. Yes. That's more than Gafford in his debut, but I am much more further down on PJ than I am on Gafford. That's just because of how fantasy numbers are calculated. Washington's a low percentages guy who, yeah, he can get you some counting stats, but usually not an overwhelmingly large number of them. He needed 13, 14 shots in Charlotte to post consistent value, and I don't see him getting anywhere near that number in Dallas. So I think he trends towards a drop if he might not be 1 already. Detroit. Simone Fontecchio, Detroit debut, and it went well. Twenty points, 9 rebounds, a steal, and 3 three pointers on 19 shots. 2nd highest usage on the team behind Jaden Ivey. He was basically in a deadlock with Cade Cunningham who had more assists. So Cade, I think, overall, the higher usage rate. But still crazy to see Fontecchio just step in and do all of that. This is like a no mercy, no remorse kinda start to his Pistons tenure. I don't know what happens when Isaiah Stewart comes back. I don't know what happens when Quentin Grimes gets healthy because there probably isn't enough minutes for all of those guys. Troy Brown Junior played 19. Suppose he could end up getting very little. Mike Muscala got 10. So as those guys come back, maybe you could sort of take those 29 minutes and just completely take them away from those dudes. And then, I don't know, does James Wiseman continue to play? Does Shaikh Milton get any more time? Is Marcus Sasser being phased out? I guess you could sort of find minutes for Grimes there. I am genuinely concerned, though, that when Stewart and Grimes come back, they're just gonna be too many mouths on this Pistons team for any one of those guys to really move above the others. In the interim, Fanteccio looks like an ad. 20 points and 9 boards in 32 minutes is is pretty awesome. We know he can hit threes. We know he can get some steals. Not a ton, but some. This was a very high number of field goal attempts that likely comes down. This will probably be one of his better games as a piston, frankly, but they ran him, like, 18 straight minutes, and it's possible he just starts the next ballgame for Muscala. So I'm gonna add Fonsecchio. If I have to move on in a week or 2, I move on in a week or 2. I don't think that's the end of the world, but I'm adding him now. As is the case for Azar Thompson, who's also, I think, belongs on rosters, 10, 8, and 5 with a couple of steals. We know he can play on the defensive side. We know he can rebound. He's not gonna ever have the energy he had to start the season. You guys remember when he was just going crazy in rebounds and defensive stats. But they're gonna eventually just have to shoehorn minutes to Thompson because he's part of their future, and he makes them competitive defensively in a way that not all the guys do on this team. So I think he just gets to play. But, again, like, we're gonna run into this logjam stuff with Grimes and with Stewart, and, you know, maybe he doesn't get to do enough. And I said, leading up to the trade deadline, I thought, Saar Thompson would be more of a silly season guy. So more of a March, he gets to go crazy. But there's perhaps a little bit of a bump here while 2 guys that are probably gonna get to play some minutes are out. So there's the bump. Those guys come back. It'll probably take a dip. And then at some point, they're just gonna be like, alright, young buck. Go do it. I don't have any thoughts on the Clippers. Norman Powell got his head blasted open partway through this game, but, that doesn't really change anything. You got Zubatz who, didn't get to do much here. Clippers went small, but overall, he'll usually play normal minutes. And then you got the 3 superstars, and that's it. Spurs, who cares? Trey Jones is a hold, by the way. Bad game for Trey, but he's a hold. Jeremy Soehan has been trending down after his hot stretch. Don't say I didn't warn you. The thing is, like, guys don't really change their stripes. It was cool to see Sohan playing better for a couple of weeks, but these things have a way of disappearing. And he's outside the top 250 over the last 3 weeks again. I don't know. But I don't want more. I need to tell you guys. If he goes on another heater, you sell high. If you can get anything at all, that's the direction you go. Brooklyn's got kind of an interesting spot. Dennis Schroeder made his debut, and he looked great. 27 minutes, 15 points, 12 assists. 3 threes is not a sustainable number. The scoring well, not 12 assists, but the score scoring and a decent chunk of assists is sustainable. I think he probably profiles as, like, between 90a130, which is what you'd kinda call fringe 12 team if he's in the middle to back half of that and a little more reliably 12 team y if he's in the front half of that. For that reason, I think Schroeders would add, at least to kinda see how this goes. I don't know if I'm using him against a roto games cap in Brooklyn's next ballgame, but don't think you're gonna really lose out by playing him on the head to head side. Keep an eye on Dennis Smith junior. Probably not an ad, but you never know. Cam Johnson is out already, so nothing large changes for the next one. But remember when he comes back, he'll slot it at 25 to 31 minutes. And where do those come from? Jalen Wilson, probably. Do we see Dorian Finney Smith get ramped up or ramped down? Does Ben Simmons continue to get additional minutes? There are a lot of questions in Brooklyn that could end up creating, you know, another log jam, or maybe they just enjoy each other more. I don't know. Spencer Dinwiddie was not getting along with the program there. It just it wasn't working. And, he's gone, and so there probably will be a little bit of a of a clubhouse bump. That's not to say that Spencer's not a good clubhouse guy. There just was something amiss in Brooklyn. These pieces didn't they didn't coexist right. Ben Simmons. You guys all probably wanna know what I wanna do with him, and I I still think he's probably gonna be a bigger headache than he's working. A good ball game here with 5 defensive stats, but that actually was a very low number earlier this season. I don't know that it's just gonna magically get itself turned around. Head to head, he's gonna be taking a lot of games off. The low minutes mean that it's gonna be hard to sustain great production every ballgame until he gets ramped up. If you wanna pick him up and stash him on the roto side, if you're sort of in a punt points build or punt free throw and punt points, that would be a weird combo, but, yeah, who knows? Not that weird, I guess, if you're kinda big man heavy. Then Ben Simmons fits the build a little bit better. And, you know, if you're looking for the stats he's better at, you could spot play him on the roto side. I just I can't imagine that he's gonna be someone you can use reliably in head to head. What do I know? Charlotte beat Memphis in the, relegation battle, 2024. Jon Konchar had a really nice ballgame, and I am seriously considering adding him on the roto side because he's good at boards, steals, blocks, field goal percent. Usually hits a 3 pointer. Didn't get one here. And, typically gets a few assists also. I don't think anybody's about to cut in line, though, to take them away from you, so you can sit on that for as long as you need to. And the Grizzlies are such a dumpster fire of a team that it's like, what? You know, what what are we even doing here? Jared Jackson junior, Vince Williams junior, those guys are the easy starts. I think Selty Aldama still deserves a roster spot. I am and I'll it's the same I like I don't know how many times I can repeat myself. If he puts up last year's percentages over this kind of silly season run, he will be a solid fantasy value. If he puts up this year's percentages, which right now is 43.60, he won't be. It's as simple as that. He needs to be last year's Aldama with additional juice, basically, from playing alongside nobody. But I'm holding him because the dude got 32 and a half minutes and 14 shots, and that should again, if the percentages are not a complete an epic disaster, which they were in this ballgame, that would be enough. So I'll hold Aldama, starting jjj and Vince Williams in roto. Head to head, obviously, anybody that you're holding, you're starting because more daily leagues. Gigi Jackson is intriguing, but probably more tips more towards points league because of the likely field goal percent issues. And then, what did we just say about Conchar? Kinda teetering on the brink of being a roto start. Head to head, a little tougher, but, again, like, people overlook the categories he's better at, and so he could actually make sense on that side. Charlotte. Alright. Food boy. What do we do with the Charlotte Hornets? Well, Trey Mann got 27 minutes in his Hornets debut. Remember, there's still no LaMelo Ball for this team, but that's really only the the the one lone big piece that they're sitting on still. Nick Richards, gave up a dozen center minutes to red hot Davis Bretons. The weirdness continues. Alright. Look. So Miles Bridges, Brandon Miller, these guys are obvious starts. Nick Richards is gonna be kind of like a fringy, you know, 3rd center kind of play. Cody Martin, I don't trust as far as I can throw him. His fantasy game is, bad. Bad percentages, and you gotta be way too good in the other stuff to counterbalance that. And it's a little bit of what I'm afraid of with, both, message and man is can the percentages be can they can they be decent enough? It's the same Santi Aldama discussion we had. Can they be good enough to support an ad if the other stuff is only okay? I would be probably more willing to take a flyer on man just because he's starting. But then, like, if if LaMelo comes back, is he the guy that goes to the bench? I don't maybe. Is it Cody Martin? It's probably man. There's a lot that's still hanging in the balance. Head to head, I think you add man. Roto, I'm not. Mitchich, I'm not adding in any format yet. Watch list him. Grant Williams, you can watch list. He got 32 minutes and hit some 3 pointers and got some rebounds. His Fantasy game is a little bit light outside of threes, so I don't think you need to go down that path. And then Richards is sort of a borderline hold. And that's where I'm at with the Hornets right now. But I'll admit, that could change today. They're their early game. They're hosting the Pacers. That's, like, the first tip on the card tonight, and we might have a whole bunch more information on them by halftime, honestly. Before we get to Charlotte, Orlando, I wanna remind everybody of a few things going on because we got a bunch more live viewers, and that usually means that people are starting to flock in and the algorithm is doing its thing. Please do go find me over on social at danbesbris if you haven't already, d a n b e s b r I s. Take a moment, please, also to hit the subscribe button, however you're taking in the podcast. And if you're watching it on or listening to it on some format where you can like or rate the show, please do that as well. These things do end up mattering in not only the long run, but the short term. If you guys are hitting the like button on the show right now, that actually helps it fall into other people's, you know, whatever you wanna call it, the the suggested videos stuff on YouTube or Twitter or whatever. So hit like, hit subscribe, find me on social, do all that stuff right now in the middle of the pod. It actually does help us, because it just finds its way into more things. And mid show reminder to check out our buddies over atmanscaped.com as I hold this handyman upside down next to my face. This is the actual electric razor, not a sideburn trimmer. This is where you go if you wanna get yourself looking actually clean, not just a beard. I love it, man. This is like it's so easy to use, and I made it so that I could just pop this thing open on today's show. I came prepared. Here's the handyman. Small. I have small hands too. So if it looks large, it's because I have, little childlike appendages. And the the end, boop, comes right off like that, reveals it. Here. Listen. There we go. There we go. Oh, no. Did I just take off part of my beard on air? I might have. Here we go. There we that's nice. Alright. Took out the cheeks. Those stray cheek hairs are such a pain. Get a handyman, and get it for 20% off with free shipping by using our code ethos20@manscaped.com. Ethos20 is the promo code over there again. That gets you 20% off and, free shipping. Chicago at Orlando. The poor bulls, they haven't made a trade deadline deal in 3 seasons, and they're just they're languishing, man. I would absolutely hate to be a Bulls fan. I feel very bad. And maybe I shouldn't pity, but they're just so married to relative mediocrity. It's it's so frustrating, because they could've blown this thing up. They could've gotten a truck full of stuff for Alex Caruso. A truck full. I don't know. Could you get as much for DeMar? Because the contract is bigger, and Vooch has a few years left. They could have gotten the world for Alex Caruso, and they didn't do it because they're just bent on making the play in tournament. So stupid. Andre Drummond had 4 fouls in this ball game early, and so whatever we were trying to learn about whether or not they were willing to go to a big boy lineup, we didn't really learn in this game. That meant more Iota sumo. He got 39 minutes. This game went to overtime, by the way. So if you're wondering about the the Vooch playing 43 and Kobe White playing 45, DeRozan 44. It's not because their coach is completely insane. It's because there were 5 extra minutes. So, yes, the Fantasy lines were bigger than usual, but, this was more the the Bulls from, you know, 3 games back or 2 games back even, which was just start the starters. They played extra Drummond in one of those games in there. And if you picked up Drummond after that one, which I did in 1 or 2 spots, I think you wait and find out how he looks in a game where he's not in foul trouble. And hold on to i02. Not that that needed to be said, I don't think. Jonathan Isaac, 25 minutes for Jonathan Isaac in yesterday's ballgame, and that is not a reason to pick him up in head to head because his minutes are going to be very low in back to backs. He's going to get intermittent days off. 1 would assume. Yes. They're trying to get him into back to backs now. He played, I believe, in their most recent one, but he only had 8 minutes in the second half of that back to back. That was, January 29th. In February, he's played 20, 21, 10, 19, and then 25 minutes. And I believe this 25 minute game was the highest minute total for Isaac this year. Yes. Confirmed. It's higher than any minute total he played last year. He didn't play the 2 seasons before that. So this 25 minute game for Jonathan Isaac was the highest minute total he's had since December 30, 2019, which I really probably should tweet that. That's a ridiculous stat. Most minutes he's played since December 30th 2019 in a regular season game yeah. In any kind of game. Wow. I didn't think I was gonna have to go back that far, but lo and behold. And not surprisingly, when Jonathan Isaac gets 20 plus minutes, he's a fantasy juggernaut. I don't know if you guys remember what he was doing that year before he, blew out half of his body, which is sort of the Jonathan Isaac special. In 2019, 2020, COVID year, no. I know what you're thinking. He did not miss that season because of, COVID or any sort of vaccine stuff. He missed it because he he exploded. His leg exploded again, which is just always the case. But prior to that, he was number 17 in 9 Cat Leagues. 29 minutes a game, 12 points, 7 boards, 1 point 6 steals, 2 point 3 blocks, a 3 pointer, 4778 were the were the splits. If you put that same lineup right now, he wouldn't be quite as high because because Fantasy numbers have just gone insane in the last 4 or really 2 years, frankly. But those lines, 127 with almost 4 defensive stats, that's still a top 25 guy. Now is there any chance at all Jonathan Isaac averages 29 minutes the rest of this year or, frankly, at any point the rest of his career? I doubt it. But he makes that team. Whatever you think about him as a human being or, like, brittleness of body, he will make any team he's playing for better when he's on the court, because he's one of the most gifted defensive players in the NBA, and he's a floor spacer on offense. I have zero faith that he comes out and plays 25 minutes again in the next ball game. But they did have 2 game 2 games 2 days off. I can speak. And they'll play again tomorrow. So they didn't play Sunday. They don't play today. He's only 6% rostered, largely because in head to head leagues, he's going to be way bigger headache than he's worth. But I picked him up in 3 roto leagues, 3 of them. Because if there's a magical, mystical universe where a goat playing a lute is wandering through the u the forest and he tells you to pick up Jonathan Isaac, you kinda gotta do it. Because what if we gotta play the what if game on on Isaac. What if the stars align, sorcery happens, and he plays consistently mid twenties in minutes for any length of time, you would absolutely, positively need to be on that because his defensive stats are nearly unmatched in the NBA when he gets normal minutes like Matisse Thybul, Anthony Davis. There there's just you can count on Wampanyama. You can count on one hand the guys who can do that his type of defensive stuff in both steals and blocks. Those players are extraordinarily rare. Anthony Davis, I guess you're basically talking about, like, who could get you one steal and 2 blocks. What did I just say Jonathan Isaac got back in 2019? I don't think that was 12. That was come on, Dan. You can figure this out. What the hell did you just say? It was only a few minutes ago. It was 1 and 2. 1.62.3. The number of players in the NBA that can get you over 1 steal and over 2 blocks is, you know, less than one hand's worth. AD is at 1.22.4. Wembe's at 1.13. And pretty sure that's it, unless Brook Lopez is at 1 block or 1 steal, which I don't think he is. Right? Any sub one steal? Where are you, brolo? What the hell are you at right now? Brook Lopez steals, point 6. So oh, Daniel Gafford, oddly enough, 1 steal, 2.1 blocks. Daniel Gafford this year gets the nod. But listen. Like, you almost don't have to do anything else. Daniel Gafford is at 11 points and 8 boards, good field goal percent. 1 steal, 2 blocks. He's number 32 this year. Anthony Davis, not surprisingly, top 4. Wenby, top 12. And, yeah, those guys do a lot of other stuff. But, like, if Jonathan Isaac plays mid twenties a minute, he's probably not doing 1 steal and 2 blocks, but 1 and 1a half is actually within striking distance. And I wanna barf as I'm saying it, because we know he's gonna play 2 weeks and then drop metaphorically dead again. We know it. We know his body. But what if it didn't? It's the mystery box. But this is why you can't do it on head to head. You just like, you can't get on that roller coaster. It'll break you. Roto, you can get on that roller coaster because you put him on your bench. You'd you can wait a week, 2 weeks, whatever you want. I mean, honestly, this game coming out of a 2 days off is probably your best chance to deploy him over time, whatever. Like, you just throw him out there, and you're like, come on. 21 minutes. Anything better than that is gravy. So, yeah, Jonathan Isaac, throw him on your roto bench. See what happens. Cole Anthony got 30 minutes. That came out of nowhere, and I move along because I don't care. Philly beat Washington, 119113. Tobias Harris is questionable for the next ball game, dealing with a hip injury. Maxey was back from an illness, so that's good. Buddy Heel is cruising. Paul Reed is fine. Start him. Start both of those guys. Start Oubre. Start Maxey. Start Harris if he plays. Kyle Lowry is signing with the sixers, and I mean, he'll play a little bit. I don't think he's gonna play a ton, but they don't really have a point guard right now. They didn't really need one when they could run their offense through Embiid and through Maxey, but now Embiid is down, so he might need a point guard a little bit. D'Anthony Melton, they're hoping to get back before the all star break, which not many opportunities left for that. I think Philly's got 2 games here going into the break. Yeah. Today and Wednesday. So, hopefully, we get Melton back for one of those. His role will be small as his body gets relosened up. I don't think they wanna risk him getting hurt. The the Philly right now is is looking towards the finish line. They're the 5 seed, 2 and a half games up on the play in tournament, but 2 and 8 in their last 10. So, like, it's not panic time, but it's not that far off for the sixers. They need these guys back, but they can't risk destroying them on the way, if that makes sense. I added to Anthony Maldon as kind of a stash. He got dropped in some spots. I get it. Like, teams need healthy bodies. He'll have plenty to do when his minutes ramp up. I'm not gonna pick up Kyle Lowry. For the Wizards, Marvin Bagley played only 15 minutes It is returned from injury as the starting center, and I feel like this is a worst case scenario in this ballgame. Nice thing is he's getting dropped in a bunch of spots, which means, for those of us who have a little bit of patience, we can at least kinda see this thing through a tiny bit. His roster ship went down back to 40. It had gotten, I think, as high as, like, 46 or 47 at one point. And if he's bad again, then you'll really see him get dumped. But it also is worth pointing out that the Wizards went small in this game. Kuzma and Avdia were basically the power forward center combination in some, form or fashion, and they it was fine because the wizard or the sixers didn't have anybody that could punish them inside. Paul Reed is not gonna punish you inside, and Philly went small to counter it. That's not gonna happen every ballgame. Let's see. Who the hell the Wizards play next? They got Dallas. Look at that. They get to play their old buddy. I don't I don't think Washington can go super small in that game. They might try to to see if they can stick with Luca or Kyrie and just switch everything. But then you're gonna have Cleba, Gafford, what I mean, Gafford's gonna be dunking all over his old team if the Wizards go ultra small, and then maybe they do have to go a little bit bigger. And then they got the Pelicans. That's a gigantic team. No way the Wizards could go small in that one. So I think we're gonna get some Bagley. They've got, Jokic coming out of the break. They've got, well, OKC, so I don't know what the hell they'll do with Chet. But then they've got Cleveland, like, the biggest front court in the NBA. So at some point, I think they're gonna have to say, alright, Marvin. Like, we just we need your size out there. Go figure it out. I'm gonna hold him a little bit longer. Funny I mean, the silly thing is I'm arguing for a guy whose fantasy game I absolutely detest, but I do think that if he plays 30 minutes, he's a play. Corey Kispert finally cooled off. If you had picked him up to stream, probably just hold a game longer. Avdiya looks like he's a actually a pretty good size winner from the Daniel Gaffer trade, because he is now basically the backup center on that team. And Tyus Jones not getting traded. Alrighty. That's good stuff. But we had all braced ourselves for Tyus Jones to turn into a full blown pumpkin, and instead he had a giant game, and he's now inside the top 60. Yay. I was worried, man. I was real worried, and they'll they could still shut him down in the next, you know, 6, 7 weeks or something like that. But, not getting traded bought us a lot more good, basically. And then, who I've said a 1000 times, I don't think his fantasy game really translates. If he reliably takes, like, a dozen shots, he might be able to get there, but I don't see him reliably taking a dozen shots. Houston was down a few guys for this one. This was kind of a throwaway for them, and the hawks got very lucky to catch the rockets, in a game where they didn't have their 2 most important players. Rockets have lost 4 games in a row. They're now the 12 seed, 2 and a half games back of the Jazz. Things trending the wrong way. Health, certainly a problem. No Freddy VanVleet. No Alper and Shangoon for this ballgame. Ahman Thompson got a double double and a fill in start for VanVleet. You can start him as long as Freddy's out and just hope the percentages don't bust you. Jabari Smith junior is a play with 2 high usage guys on the pine. Dillon Brooks is probably a play. His shooting shot him right out of the ball game in this one. But if he's gonna take 19 shots, he's fantasy startable. Same general story for Jalen Green. You just sort of, like, plug your nose, close your eyes, hold your breath, and hope that he doesn't break you, but he did have a triple double in a horribly inefficient ballgame. And then Jeff Green got the start at center. I mean, how how can his body even handle that? And it was pretty good, actually. No. I'm not gonna use a Jeff Green roto game, but, you know, if we find out that Shango needs any more time off, you could maybe lean that direction and head to head. Shegun's questionable, so this might just be a nonissue, but something to think about. Keep it on the front of your mind. For the hawks, Sadiq Bey, after being ice cold the whole year, I mentioned it on our shows at the end of last week also, he was having one of the worst shooting stretches of his life, which either meant, 1, he just was not good anymore, or 2, at some point, it was gonna level off. And you're seeing some of the leveling now. He's been a much better shooter over his last 2 to 3 ball games in particular. He's pushed himself up to number 114 in 9 cat. And even though I think at some point, he trends towards a drop as this team gets healthy, right now, they're not still. Still no Capella. Deandre Hunter is still getting back to backs off. His his minutes are still very much held in check. And Dejounte Murray played in this ballgame, but he missed the previous one. So you can still hold Sadik Bey a little bit longer. Let's see here. What else we got? Jalen Johnson is awesome, and, that's the only thing you need to know about that. Indiana, I'm you know, I have, like, one very small eyeball on whether or not anybody steps into the buddy heeled role, and it just it doesn't look like it. Andrew Nembhard playing minutes, but his fantasy game requires a lot of usage to get there. So, nah. Nah. Tyrese Halliburton is back up to 30 minutes again. Hopefully, we all bought low during that very narrow window where they were, like, oh, indefinite, you know, minutes cap. Fart sound effect. Nope. We knew that wasn't gonna last long. Aaron E. Smith is a hold. This is a quieter ball game, but, generally, he's been pretty good. For the Knicks, we're just kinda waiting to see how the pieces fall. Isaiah Hartenstein, upgraded to questionable recently. So if he plays, that obviously takes Taj Gibson basically back out of the rotation. It will take some minutes away from Achua who was forced to play some center here, but I don't I mean, he'll still get, probably high thirties. But it does allow the Knicks a little more freedom. They don't necessarily have to go to Achua at power forward. They could play Bojan Bogdanovic there if they needed to. Dante DiVincenzo, Bojan Bogdanovic, Josh Hart, Alec Burks, Precious Achua, these guys are all gonna be kind of vying for the same 2 to 3 buckets right now. And the good news is that 2 to 3 buckets, call it 3 buckets, is probably enough for Achua, Hart, and DiVincenzo to still have Fantasy value. And maybe Bogdanovic, probably not Burke's. So I know he had a big ballgame here, but only 22 minutes makes me think that's not really a sustainable number. Bogdanovic at least got 33 minutes, and that probably doesn't come down when Hartenstein comes back. If anything, his probably stay relatively consistent. So I'm holding a Chua. Obviously, you're holding Brunson. You're holding Arnstein because he's good. You're holding Hart. You're holding Di Vincenzo. You're probably gonna end up dropping Burks. Bogdanovic, I think I have to coin a term here and just call him a temp hold, which is I think he's probably gonna be a drop because he needs a lot of shots because of kind of a weak fantasy profile, and I don't think he's gonna get them. But if ever there were a moment he could, it's while Anenobi and Randall are still out. So temp hold on Boyan Bogdanovic. Cleveland, can anybody score on the cavaliers is actually the big question here. I called Max Struess probably a drop, and then he was, like, stick it in your eye, Dan, and he put up 14 and 7 assists on 55% shooting with 2 threes. Well, you know, sorry, Max. He's number 112 overall, and he's going, like, 2 bad games, 1 good game, 2 good games, 1 bad game kinda thing. And it's frankly, it's hard to know if he's an everyday guy right now. Some of it's because the Cavaliers are blowing out everybody they play. Some of it is because his usage is inconsistent, and so it's all a big fat question mark. I think Strues probably profiles more as a high end schedule play. Head to head, he probably you can just keep using him. His defense has been very good this year. He's not really hurting you a ton other than field goal percent. So if you're punting Matt, this makes the decision a lot easier. Roto, I'm trying to hold him still, but it's hard to know when to deploy him. I still think Caris LaVirta is gonna end up a drop. The minutes trending down, he's not gonna shoot 75% every ballgame. Darius Garland is a buy low right now. 11 and 8 in this ballgame, he's been pretty bad, frankly, since he came back from his jaw injury. At some point, he's gonna get to do a little bit more. The Cavs are on a vicious tear right now, and so nobody wants to upset the apple cart. But as soon as they cool off a little, and they will at some point, they're not gonna win 95 percent of their games the rest of the season. Then you'll probably see Garland start to take a little bit more back from the main bucket. Kelly Ulynyk, 11, 6, and 3. Four defensive stats and a 3 pointer in 22 minutes in his Raptors debut. I said on the show over the weekend that I think he has to be a speculative ad. I don't exactly know where the other 3 ish minutes we need him to get are gonna come from, because Pirtle only played 21 in this one anyway. But I just wanna wait and find out, and I wanna wait with him on my team. Because even if all he gets is 20 minutes, we know Olinik can put up some decent fantasy numbers. So no matter your format, I think you can spec add Kelly Olinik. Play him ahead to head. Roadie, keep him on your bench while we see how this thing shakes out. Gary Trent, yeah, you can call him a temp hold also. I don't think he's gonna end up having enough to do, but listen. This ball game got out of hand. He was not part of a unit that was making a little bit of a run. Even if he was, he wasn't taking any shots. So I think Trent probably ends up as a drop. RJ Barrett, the cooldown is going to come. You've been warned, and that's kind of it for Toronto. Steph, game winner time for Golden State. That was pretty sweet. That's pretty sweet stuff. For Phoenix, you're holding Grayson Allen. I know it wasn't a big ball game here, but he's still a huge, huge part of what they do. Royce O'Neal only played 11 minutes in his son's debut. I think that probably trends up. But if my guess is correct, it will be more at the expense of guys like Joshua Kogee and Eric Gordon. I think they really like what Grayson Allen brings most of the time with that that starting unit, so he probably sticks it. For the warriors, Gary Payton is back. I think this ultimately hurts everybody a little bit. Klay Thompson was the guy who kinda lost out in this ballgame. Hang on to Klay. Jonathan Kumingo remains a sell high. If you can get someone top 60, you do it. Like, this is a very empty ballgame for him and the kind of stuff we were more worried about happening. Plenty of points. Took the most second most shots on the team behind Steph, but that other stuff, we we know is leveling off at some point. So let's see. Let's make it simple. Hold Draymond Green, hold Andrew Wiggins right now, hold Pogemski, hold Kuminga, sell high. I'm gonna skip over anybody. Hold Klay. And for Gary Payton, just kinda keep an eye on what he does to the other guys more than what he actually does himself. Pelicans beat the Blazers in a game where I looked at the final score, and I thought maybe they had just ended it after 3 quarters. Trey Murphy had one of his big explosion games. Herb Jones is actually good too. And you're like, Dan, you said they couldn't coexist. Well, they did in this one largely because Zion was out. So they both got to start, and they both got starters minutes. That was useful. I don't know what I if I would play them if it happened again even, because we've seen games with Zion out where they still weren't particularly good. But they were the only 2 guys reliably making shots outside of Jonas Valancunas, so they got to sort of do a little bit more. If Herb Jones go goes on a warm shooting run, he'd be an ad in all formats. I just we've seen Trey Murphy bounce back and forth from a consistency standpoint a lot. You're kinda just watching to see if these guys get hot. That's what a lot of streamer level guys are. Stream while warm. If they get warm, you make the move. I think you could wait another game and find out. And then for the blazers, Malcolm Brogan is out for a couple of weeks. Injury, tank, whatever you wanna call it. So that brings Jabari Walker a tiny bit closer. But as we've said, he needs, like, everybody out to have consistent fantasy value, and, apparently, this still wasn't enough. They needed Jeremy Grant out of the way. Deandre Ayton was sort of the last man standing at center. He had a big ball game. Portland is a take it day by day team right now. I'd love to be able to tell you, here's your drops and here's your ads, but you kinda need to just get the injury report 30 minutes before the ball game, and you make your move from there. Alright. Let's play the game we play every week and find out who didn't play Saturday or Sunday that Dan is forgetting to talk about. Utah, Minnesota, Milwaukee, and the lakers. Four teams. Well, that's annoying. And not all of them even played on Friday. Lakers played on Friday. You're not venturing beyond the main guys. I know Rui Hadjamura had 21 points in that one, but a lot of that's because the Pelicans didn't bother to defend anyone. So still Deelo, still Lebron, still AD, still Reeves. I'm not super worried about Spencer Dinwiddie ruining any of those 4 guys, frankly. Maybe he does, but I gotta I gotta sorta see it to believe it before I do anything there. And I'm not picking up Dinwiddie, even though I do think he has a decent role, especially while the Lakers are down, Vincent and Reddish, who I guess is getting closer now. As those guys come back, then everybody rolls everybody's rolls get a little bit lighter. So maybe Dinwiddie has a narrow kinda streamer window here, but I'm not picking them up. Milwaukee, they got most of their guys back. No Middleton still for this one. He'll miss probably a couple more ball games. Malik Beasley is the better stream there when Middleton is out. Jae Crowder is playing plenty of minutes, but, you know, his fantasy game kinda comes and goes a little bit. And then for Minnesota, there's really nothing on a game to game basis unless Jaden McDaniels sits out and then Nas Reed and, Slo Mo get a little bit more stuff. Let's quickly talk about the week ahead. There isn't really a whole lot that I can necessarily present to you guys to say, oh, this is, like, something you badly need to look at for it all to make sense. But the best thing that I can show you here is, just a quick snippet from our, it's what we call our streaming grid over at Sports Ethos HQ that kinda lines up what all the team's schedules look like together. So let me throw that on the screen real fast. And there, you can kinda see. There's the big empty chunk in the middle. Nobody plays between 16th 21st. It's one day shorter this year again because, you've got the the a couple of makeup games happening, and and so a couple team teams do go on that last Thursday. I think that's actually the same as usual. But, again, what you're looking at here is how can I justify a a roster move? So for one thing, you've got the warriors, the grizzlies, the the bucks, the wolves that we just talked about, and the Jazz. Oh, that was another team that didn't go over the weekend. Utah. Sorry. I skipped talking about the Jazz because they haven't played in freaking forever. Walker Kessler, John Collins, they got a huge lift with Kelly Olynyk getting traded. Keep an eye on Keontae George. Keep an eye on Chris Dunn. And that's sort of as far as I need to go with Utah, I think. But so these are teams that play 3 games the first half of this all star 2 weaker. And then you got some teams that play 3 games the second half. And I think if you really wanna break this thing down, the way to look at it is, number 1, if you can get on a warrior, streaming level warrior, you do it. Most of those guys are rostered right now, and you're not gonna go beyond the guys we just talked about. Like, you're not gonna go pick up a Moses Moody or something like that, because who the hell knows if he's gonna get 6 minutes on a night? So you probably don't have anybody you can pick up on the Warriors. They're probably rostered. If there is someone, you get them because they've got 6 games over these 2 weeks, and then you can just hold them the whole 2 weeks. It's beautiful. It's the ultimate long stream. It's a 2 week long stream because you might get 2 more games 3 more games in some of these other teams without having to do anything else. The goal in long streaming is to gain anywhere from 1 to 2 games with a roster move over the length of the stream, and the warriors give you that opportunity. There aren't that many other teams that give you that opportunity. But if you looked at let's say no one on the warriors floats your boat, you could go Grizzlies, Bucks, Wolves, or Jazz the first half of this week or this, period. Used, say, 2 moves on those guys. And then over the break, you can pivot to one of the other teams now that has 3 games on the second half. That's actually a much deeper list. Charlotte has 3 games in the second half. Cleveland, Denver, Golden State still, as we mentioned, Houston, the Clippers, the Lakers, the Pelicans, the Thunder, the Magic, I'm at 10 already, the Sixers, the Suns, the Spurs, the Wizards. 14 of the 30 teams have 3 games on the back half of this all star break. So you basically wanna make sure that your streaming spots are for one of those 14 teams, which means you're gonna have a lot of choices of what you could do there. But I think maybe the big focal point is if you have anyone on your team that's kind of stream level, look to make sure they don't have, you know, a 2 or a one that you could get off of. Oklahoma City, if you have anybody that's stream level, which I guess would be like a Lewdort, get off of them. They only got one game the first half of this period. They are the only team that only has one game the first half of this period. Miami and Memphis are the 2 teams that have one game the second half of this period. Do not get on those clubs. You can use one roster move to get possibly 2, maybe even 3 game bump, and that's how you gotta use your moves. Be judicious. Do not use them all up early. Make sure you have some the second half of the week to get onto some of those 3 gamers, and that should take you through to the end. And that'll be that. 55 minutes of content. What do you think about them apples? I was hoping to do it in 45. Not so good. I had someone in the chat room being, like, Dan, your mic is off. And then he realized it was, it was his YouTube page. Thank you guys as always for listening. I really do appreciate that. Take some time here on your way out. Those of you that joined us partway, find me over on social media at danbesbris.sportsethos.com is the website, but ethos fantasy b k is the place you can hang out, if you want your your sweet news. Oh, we did get one piece of news from the Pelicans. Dyson Daniels tore his meniscus, so he's gonna be out for the foreseeable future. That probably helps Jose Alvarado more than anything, but maybe not enough to get him over the hump. Also, Jordan Goodwin signed a 10 day deal with the Grizzlies. He is not with them today, but he does potentially it sounds like he'll join the team tomorrow. And Jordan Goodwin has great fantasy game. Great fantasy game. So if we find out that he's gonna get a decent sized role with the Grizz, he could be a really interesting stream. I don't think we need to do anything with him until we see what he's gonna be doing tomorrow during their ballgame. Right? Right? They got a game tomorrow, grizzlies or the grizzlies, today, Wednesday, Thursday. Checking. Checking. Yeah. Today, Wednesday, Thursday. So that Wednesday game at Houston, if you see Jordan Goodwin lighting it up and this is Roto, by the way, because remember, Memphis is a one gamer next week, second half of all star segment. Then maybe you pick him up for on the Roto side for that Milwaukee game, especially because Memphis is gonna probably rest their last 2 veterans on a back to back. But Jordan Goodwin, keep an eye on it. That's a a keep an eye on spot. Okay. We're officially done. Anything else you need to know, we'll do over on social. Again, thanks so much for listening, everybody. Check out our buddies over atmanscaped.com. Join our Discord. The link is in the show description. I did last night's tweet storm in Discord, so that's the only place you were gonna find it. And we will be back with you likely tomorrow. I don't think we're gonna have time to do another show today. Hopefully, we could do a 2 for Tuesday. Get you the morning show, some big time recap stuff going on, big card tonight. And then maybe we'll get you some by lows this week as well. I am Dan Vasquez for Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. Have a lovely one, everybody. See you in a bit.