Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Good day, everybody. We're running early on this one. It's a weekend review and week 13 preview show. I'm your host, Dan Vespris. This is a sports ethos.com presentation, and you're listening to Fantasy NBA Today. I know many of you are watching playoff football right now, so I do appreciate anybody that's taking a break from that to come join us on the basketball side. And, unfortunately or fortunately, depending on how you look at it, there really wasn't another time to do this show. I wanted to let most of the games from Sunday end. If possible, Phoenix, Portland hasn't happened yet, so we'll just assess each of their previous ball games as we go backwards through the weekend. But with the games tomorrow, Martin Luther King Junior Day, Doctor King Day, game starting at 10 AM Pacific time, there really isn't an opportunity for me to do a show in the morning. And even if there was, it would only give you, like, an hour, 2 hours to try to consume it before the games actually begin. So what we're gonna do instead today is we're gonna go backwards through the weekend, reverse chronological lightning styles lightning round style, And then we'll do a quick preview of the upcoming week because we've got a couple of overflow days, opportunities to try to get some, you know, 3 4 nights kind of things going on. We'll check out, injured players coming into the week if you guys have some weekly decisions. And then we'll get you back to business with whatever it is you might be doing with your, Sunday evening. First things first, come find me on social at Dan Vesperis. I don't know what happened on Sunday, but, like, a large chunk of people found me. Usually, that means that my name popped up on, like, a Reddit board somewhere, but, certainly, join the fray at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. What else did I wanna remind you guys of? Ethos the, sports ethos news feed is ethos fantasy b k. The Discord link is in the show description, and please, please, please take a moment to like, rate, and subscribe, whatever, however you're taking in this content. That actually does end up meaning, quite a bit to us here myself personally in terms of the, growth of everything we're doing. But we got a lot to get through, so let's just jump straight on into some of the stuff that happened over the weekend. Those uninitiated, I try to treat every show like there's at least one new person with us. We start with Sunday. We just go through the games. We go backwards to Saturday. Anybody that didn't play Saturday or Sunday, we try to look at their last game on Friday and kinda reset the board for every team in the NBA, figure out who's a drop, who's an add, who's a hold. It's impossible to go through every single name, but I'll do my very best to try to hit on basically any player that I see that is notable in any fashion, and we can just start and, go from there. The early game on Sunday, Denver beat Indiana 1 17109. India's still down. Tyrese Halliburton and Aaron Neesmith for this ballgame. So Bruce Brown was very much a start. TJ McConnell was slower in this one. Doesn't concern me. He's very good in his fill in job. He was a plus 8 in his 19 minutes. I'm actually not all that sure why he didn't play more. But he's he's your fill in for Tyrese Halliburton. Andrew Nembhard, basically, can get you a few points and a few assists, but he doesn't do the other stuff that typically McConnell does. That's why we favored him in this battle. Obi Toppin's putting up some decent numbers lately. He's a stream while warm kinda guy, but he's coming off the bench. So he's not a guy you can use against your roto games cap. And with Neesmith out, buddy, heeled, slid into the starting lineup. Buddy's a guy you can definitely start when he's starting. When he's coming off the bench, he's someone that's best left alone. Denver, there's nothing. You start the starters there, and you just sort of hope that they all work out for you. Michael Porter junior had a nice ball game, which I think, for many folks felt like that was a bit overdue. I think he's at number 67 on the year now, which isn't bad. But people are like, ah, what's wrong with Michael Porter junior? The answer is nothing really. He's fine. You know, he's been healthy too, which I maybe that's the biggest piece of the puzzle, of all for him. So, don't complain when things are going fine. Interestingly, Nikola Jokic, for all of his excellent ball games, is still way behind. Shay Gilgeous Alexander and Joel Embiid for those top few spots. And just ahead of Anthony Davis who had a couple of kinda whack games here lately, that's your top 4 in Fantasy, but that's not what you guys came to hear about. You guys wanna hear about guys that are either on or off of rosters. Miami beats Charlotte. Miami doesn't even matter who's healthy for the heat these days. They just keep finding ways to win. LaMelo Ball at least is back for the Hornets. He's been, you know, decent in his return. Very big popcorn numbers percentages that are gonna hurt you. Terry Rozier and LaMelo Ball combined to take 47 of the Hornets' 95 shot attempts in the ball game. That's half, friends. Miles Bridges was a start. Nick Richards was bad in this one, but, generally, he's been, you know, on that 10110 range fill in for Mark Williams, who did get upgraded to questionable for this ballgame, I believe. So maybe getting a little bit closer, but let's not no. That that's actually not true. He's still out he was still doubtful. I'm thinking of Deandre Ayton. At some point, he'll show up again. I actually think this is a time when you could buy low on Williams because no one expects him to ever show up, and you could probably get him for pennies on the dollar. I'm a little surprised that PJ Washington didn't do more in his 28 minutes, but he's playing again. And just given how many guys are out right now, I think you probably could start, PJ. You don't have to, but you probably could. For Miami, Tyler Herro was back for this ballgame, which was a win for them. Jimmy Butler is still out, not that far away, and then Jaime Achaiz got hurt midway through. He was having a very good ball game at the time. And, those that are watching, you could see the graphic on your screen. It says out groin injury, and those are never super duper fast, especially if a player has to leave in the middle of a ball game for it. So, hopefully, he recovers from it quickly. But in the meantime, Duncan Robinson, who was pushed to the bench with hero coming back, probably ends up getting more playing time. I know Haywood Highsmith got the start in the second half, but his fantasy game is a little up and down. Duncan Robinson is probably the guy you use as the fill in here, if Haquez does have to miss a few basketball games. Or you could just dodge the Heat fill ins altogether, because Caleb Martin is also back. Kyle Lowry is also back. They have a lot of options now. And if Duncan Robinson isn't hot, there's a chance that he just doesn't get to do all that much. I think he probably does enough to warrant a spot start, but I get it if you don't want to. Because, again, you play Charlotte, everybody's gonna look kinda good. They have a way of of, bringing all the pieces together for you. This, Sacramento, Milwaukee game is almost over. They're starting the Q4 as I record this show. Right now, no surprises on the Heat side. Kevin Herter back in the starting lineup, doesn't matter. You know, he was fine in this ballgame, but fine is not gonna get it done. So the heat, basically no changes. Khris Middleton's sitting out the second half of a back to back for Milwaukee, and Malik Beasley got warm. And that was the question that I posed on social media, which was, hey. Malik Beasley is a guy who needs more shots than he's going to get when Giannis, Dame, and Middleton are all healthy and upright. What does Beasley get to do when one of those guys is down? We know that when Dame or Giannis is out, Beasley gets plenty of opportunity, because those guys are the big, big, big usage dudes. But what about Middleton who's sort of like the medium medium usage guy? And the answer here was that Beasley did get more usage. Rebounds, assists, steals, blocks have all dried up after kind of a hot start to the year in those departments, so this is still tilting more towards 3 point streamer for Malik. But, certainly, when someone is out, he makes a lot of sense as a 3 point streamer as opposed to, like, on a normal day where he's just sort of kinda makes sense as a 3 point stream. And the other nice thing about this Minnesota and Clippers game, which also is starting the Q4 at the time of our recording, is that we don't really have any questions to answer with the Clippers. So, you know, who cares? Like, Paul George is having a quieter ballgame, but who cares? And he could still get on in the Q4. Kawhi's been great. Harden's been great lately. The Clippers are a very easy team to handicap. Evita Zubac was out for this one, but Daniel Theiss didn't do even remotely close to enough in his fill in role to make much sense at all. This phone we're getting visited by my younger son. Stickers. Thank you, Theodore. That's a lovely sticker sheet. Can you go back and, help mommy cook dinner while daddy does a live show? Minnesota, also a team that doesn't have a whole lot in the way of storylines. Anthony Edwards having a big ballgame. Jaden McDaniels, every once in a while, he has a game where you're like, why can't he do this more often? But for the most part, you're not changing much on a day to day other than trying to figure out if Naz Reed is gonna be hot on a given night. And in that case, then you start him. Okay. Well, screaming child, out of the way, let's go back to Saturday because Phoenix, Portland hasn't happened yet. Boston blew out Houston. Rockets did get Dillon Brooks back, so, I mean, that'll help them get a win here and there. It didn't in this one. Ahman Thompson, 10 and 10 off the bench. Cam Whitmore at 22 and 8, but a lot of that was blowout related. Sort of garbage time racking up stuff. I think with this Houston team, you're pretty much just playing Shangoon, VanVleet, and probably Jabari Smith junior right now in 9 Cat. Whitmore is very interesting. We know he can play. We know he's a good basketball player, but, presumably, guys will continue to come back for this Houston team. And in a game that's tighter, the minutes just won't be as readily available. You know, Dillon Brooks getting the start, and, you know, you they're basically at their normal starting 5 right now. Tari Eason was a guy coming off the bench that we liked a lot, but these are the regular starters. For Boston, there are no surprises, basically, ever. Jayson Tatum got ejected, but that's a big fat who cares, so we can keep on moving from there. Wizards blew out the hawks. Wizards involved in a blowout. We always say, oh, hey. Maybe the Wizards can keep a ball game competitive. This is not how I thought this one was gonna go, but, hey. So so be it. The usual guys did fine for Washington. Luckily, they were able to get theirs because it was a positive distance blowout as opposed to a negative one. Denny Avdia has been hot lately, so keep rolling with him as long as that continues. Delon Wright had a pretty good line here, so did Coolobilly. Those guys tend to do better in blowouts, so you can ignore and move beyond them. As far as Atlanta goes, it does kinda feel like this is a game that says this team needs to be sellers at the trade deadline. And we've been hearing Desjontae Murray's name involved in lots of trade rumors, so it shouldn't surprise anyone to hear that the Hawks are sellers. But this is the kind of game that says, look. Maybe we should just sort of, like, retool all of it, which makes someone like Clint Capela feel very tradable. Onyeko Okonwu would get a massive boost in value. If they move to Jontay Murray, other guys on the team get a bump. You know, Jalen Johnson, Saddiq Bey, even Deandre Hunter who's not in there right now. These guys all could potentially get more to do. And there's also and, you know, I don't think this is gonna happen anytime soon because Trae Young would lose his mind if the hawks went into tank mode. They're the 11th seed right now, so it's not like they're that far out. But you can like, the writing's on the wall. This is not a good basketball team. And, like, I'm wondering if any Trae Young led team can be a deep playoff run kind of basketball team just because of what it creates. But whatever this thing is, whatever this build is right now, it's not working. Oklahoma City beat Orlando. Shay Gilgeous Alexander is fully unguardable fully unguardable. He's questionable for their next ballgame, but they've got nothing to worry about because the Thunder are tied for the best record in the Western Conference at the moment. There are no real fantasy stories for the Thunder, but, I mean, Shea, holy crap. What a year he's having. As far as the magic goes, the Goga Bitadze versus Mo Wagner, at center thing continues to flex back and forth. Probably best left alone. Caleb Houston is a 3 point streamer for head to head leagues at best. Jalen Suggs has been, unfortunately, kind of on a downward trajectory. I think you gotta give him longer, though. I don't know how long. It can't be indefinite, but he's been good enough to where he's earned himself the right to continue holding a roster spot. His minutes have just been going the wrong way. We you know, he had some foul trouble. He wasn't feeling under the weather. So I said, don't overreact to it. He had a few good ball games before this kinda weak stretch, but, we really we need to see him get a little bit more consistent here. That's the thing that's been bugging me. It's not the whether or not he's good. It's whether he's consistent. And we've seen Orlando come back to Earth a lot. They got off to a great start this year, but they're 3 and 7 in their last ten. They're struggling to win away from home. They're the 8th seed right now, and no one's really breathing down their neck because the the other play in teams are pretty far back. So they, right now, are in pretty good shape to have home court in some sort of play in scenario. But remember, for a while, they were, like, 3, 4 seed. But they've come back to Earth, and a lot of that has to do with consistency. Some of it has to do with injury stuff. Cole Anthony is someone that also, like, they they need him to run hot. He was a little bit better in this ballgame, but he's a stream well warm dude, so not really one of those windows right now. And you could see that there's some frustration among the Orlando faithful to where they wanna get something a little bit more consistent going on. Warriors rested Steph, rested, hurt, rested, whatever you wanna call it. And so a lot of other guys got whole sorts of stuff to do. Klay Thompson took 23 shots. Okay. Dario Sharich got another start, which may or may not happen when Draymond Green comes back. Brandon Pogemski got a start, and he was all amped up to try to fill in for Steph. So that was a much better spot for him. Jonathan Kuminga is trying to play his way into some trade value. He had a he had a very nice ballgame. And I got all these questions that were, like, oh, do I pick up Kuminga? Do I, run Podgenski out there every single ballgame? Do I roll? The answer with this warriors team is we don't really know right now. I'd love to be able to say, oh, this is the way exactly how it's gonna happen in, like, 2 days. But we don't know because Steph will be back, and Dre will be back, and everything changes when those dudes are out there. Among the fringier players, Podgemski is still the one with the best path to value. Question for him is whether or not he's fatiguing. And for a lot of these rookies, they hit these walls, and then they find a way to come out the other side. The question is, how long does it take them to get there? How many games of feeling tired and, like, legs in the mud, ankle weight kind of games does it take before they regain their strength? And I don't know that this is the game to say, oh, he's he's back, baby. I think this was a steps out adrenaline kind of ballgame, and so there's usually kind of a a cost to pay on the other side of that. But Chris Paul is still out for another month ish, something like that. And pods, as he's so affectionately known, is the point guard type player among these dudes that probably figures to see activity. But there's no guarantee of that. When Draymond and Steph are in there with Klay and probably with Wiggins and maybe it's Looney at center or Sharjah at center, who comes off the bench and does enough? It's really hard to say. You kinda need to wait and see. If you're worried about somebody scooping up someone, Podgemski is the guy you probably wanna just stick on your bench and say, alright. Well, let's just see how this plays out. Kuminga, his minutes will probably bounce around a little bit. He might be traded in the next couple of weeks as well. I know they're saying he's off limits, but do they need it? We shall see. And Andrew Wiggins continues to be very bad, so at least we don't have to worry about that. We've already talked about Milwaukee, so let's jump over that one to Knicks and zombie grizzlies. The Knicks were without Jalen Brunson for this ball game, so Miles McBride was like, I'll be Jalen Brunson for a day. And he had 19 points and 4 3 pointers on 10 shots if you expect that to happen every ball game. I have this lovely bridge I've just built, and it's for sale. Oh, yes. Yeah. Let's not get nuts. Dante Di Vincenzo is a continued play. His per minute production this year is crazy. I don't know where it came from, but you gotta roll with it. And, certainly, the bigger story in this game is the Memphis Grizzlies because look. You're not gonna get me to start Miles McBride even if Brunson misses another ballgame, because yeah. Sure. He could stay hot for 1 more, or the opposite could happen, and he could shoot 2 for 10 and get yanked early. Knicks are not very deep these days after their recent trade, but anyway. Okay. So Memphis Memphis is a situation. They are currently without the entire starting five, I think. They're down Jaren Jackson junior. They're down Ja Morant. They're down Marcus Smart. They are down Desmond Bane. The 5th starter, I think, was sort of question mark to start the year. So maybe you could say they do have their 5th starter, but they're down their 4 most important players right now. Meaning, what we get from this ball game is interesting, but we have to treat every single ball game as a one game sample size right now. We know Jaw's out for the year. We know Marcus Smart is out for probably another 7 weeks. We know Desmond Bane is probably out for at least a couple of weeks. Jjj, it's not entirely clear. Probably the, soonest among them to find his way back. Okay. So, what does that mean we do here? Well, for 1, oh, Santi Aldama is also out, and then, Jake LaRavi got art in this ballgame as well, but that one's not quite as important. So thing number 1 is Luke Kennard has to be rostered now. I know he didn't have the biggest game in this particular one, but they're gonna push him as far as he can go. And he's their floor spacer, and he's playing 30 minutes at night, which I don't know how long his body's gonna handle it. But if he's gonna play 30 minutes at night, he's gonna probably average 3 or more 3 pointers. The team is bad enough where I don't know how many of them are gonna be open, but he's gonna take a bunch. So that's number 1. Number 2, Xavier Tillman needs to be streamed right now at the very least, And I don't know what's gonna happen to him when j j j comes back, and I definitely don't know what's gonna happen to him when j j j and Aldama are back. But they did drop Bismoc Biyombo, so at least that's one player out of the way. But it's it could still become kind of a 3 person monster. Jjj will probably play alongside Tillman for long stretches, but they're gonna wanna play Jaren at center for some of the time. Same story for Aldama. It'll be 3 guys fighting for those minutes instead of 1. How much does it hurt? Unclear, but it will hurt some. So Tillman's a play right now, certainly, while all of the other centers are out. Gigi Jackson, player none of us had heard of until this ball game basically had 20 points and 6 boards and 27 bench minutes. I am not picking up Gigi Jackson. He might have another big ball game, but this one reeks of guy comes in, has opportunity, goes nuts. David Roddy. We've seen enough of him to know that his fantasy game is actually kind of weak. Mostly 3 pointers, doesn't rebound or pass much. The steals come and go. He's basically a 3 point guy, which is what I would have said about Luke Kennard, except they're gonna need him to actually orchestrate a bit given everybody else is out. We saw it in the previous game for Kennard. He had some rebounds, and he had some assists as well. Vince Williams is a guy who probably needs to be rostered right now. I called him a speculative ad, and that was before Desmond Bane and Jaren Jackson went down. Now with 2 more starters on the shelf, Vince Williams is gonna basically have no, choice but to try to do a little bit of everything. So Vince Williams gets an up. Jacob Gilliard is a meh. I don't think I'm gonna go the Gilliard path. I know he's a starting point guard, so he's just gonna sort of blindly stumble into a few assists. But it doesn't seem like he wants to have much in the way of usage. It seems like he's mostly gonna be orchestrating. He's kind of setting things up for other dudes. So I'll pass on him for the roto side. You know, Memphis what does Memphis' schedule look like this week? We haven't gotten to that part of the show. Memphis has a game on MLK Day, and then they're off until Thursday. It's a 3 game week, so not a particularly great, schedule for the grizzlies if you're looking head to head side. And then you're not worried about Zaire Williams or Jon Conchaug right now. So that was what I I don't know if you guys remembered what I just said going through it quickly now. Kennard, good to go. Tillman, good to go. Vince Williams, good to go right now. The other guys, I'm probably passing for the moment. And then as soon as anybody comes back for the Grizzlies, we have to basically just scrap all of that and start over. The Pelicans went zombie mode, and they beat the Mavericks. You could pretty much throw out the Pels side of this. They rested all of their key guys. No Zion. No Ingram. No McCollum. I think I'm forgetting somebody, but it doesn't really matter. So yeah. Herb Jones oh, no Trey Murphy. Herb Jones had a good ballgame because all those guys were out. Tyson Daniels had a good game because they were all out. Jordan Hawkins had a good game because they were all out. Jonas Valancunas was the last man standing, and so he was fine. Don't worry about this. The only thing to remember is that if the Pelicans ever have another time where they're like, you know what? Our schedule sucks right now. How about instead of going from altitude to Dallas, we just sit everybody down? Scanning scanning scanning. There really isn't a time until, like, 4 or 5 weeks from now where that might come up again. They've got a a Los Angeles Portland back to back that maybe you see them dump everybody. And so in that case, great. Pick up Hawkins, pick up Dyson Daniels, pick up Herb Jones. But until then, we don't really have to worry about it. So just kinda file it in the back of your mind for 1 month from now. No Luka Doncic on the Dallas side. Derek Jones junior hurt his calf in this ballgame as well, so the Mavs go from thin to thinner. Kyrie is gonna do as much as he can until his body breaks down. I I I don't like when he has to play 40 minutes. That's that's bad. But you can stream Tim Hardaway junior. I'm not streaming Dwight Powell. I don't know where the 8 assists came from in this ball game, but that you know that ain't sticking. If Derrick Jones has to sit as well, maybe you think about a Josh Green stream. I don't think I would on the side, so I'm probably just going Kyrie and Tim Hardaway junior for the Mavs next ball game unless we get some sort of positive news on, one of their other players. Took a lot, but Chicago did ultimately conquer the Spurs without Victor Wembanyama. This was like a, do we really need to pay attention kind of all game? Alex Caruso, man. God. Every team should sell every piece they have for Alex Caruso. He's one of the most important players in the NBA right now, and he does not get the love he deserves. He very much belongs on fantasy teams. He's number 86 on the year, and, right now, his body is taking the full game punishment. Let's hope he can stay upright. You're generally starting the starters. Iota sumo had a better ballgame in this one, for reasons that are not entirely clear, mostly because he got hot and shot 8 out of 9. But, no, you're not gonna roll with him. Start the starters for the Chicago Bulls. Zach LaVine apparently still on the trade block even though they're winning. If anything changes there, then we reassess. No. So Kelvin Johnson got, a little bit more usage again in this one. And if you could sell after one good game, you should try, but I doubt you can. So I don't even know why I brought it up. Trae Jones, man. They finally are letting him run some offense, and he's been amazing. Make sure he's rostered and started everywhere as long as he's in the starting five. And the Lakers were without LeBron James. They lost Cam Reddish early in this ball game as well, so they got Rui Hatjamura back and, you know, one comes back, 2 go down. D'Angelo Russell, 39 and 8 with 6 3 pointers, took 26 shots. I mean, I'd said on when did we do our buy low show last week, Wednesday or Thursday? And I said, D'Angelo was your prime buy low of the week. I didn't think this type of game was happening. I'd love to say, oh, this is exactly why I brought up D'Angelo Russell. No. This was obviously because LeBron was out. But what it does give you is a shimmering example of what D'elo can do when he's given some leash to work with. Kidd still got freaking offensive game. He can't guard anybody, and he can't rebound, but damn if he can't score and orchestrate. He's excellent on offense. And the Lakers, like, they just keep saying they need to get their defense better, but the offense has been atrocious. They gotta guard the 3 point line and have consistent offense. And in this ballgame, they needed to not foul people. It's so funny, man. I did that long segment on whatever show it was after everybody's, like, Leah, oh, the NBA is rigged. The Lakers got all these foul shots against Toronto. Nobody said a word after this ballgame. Utah, I think, outshot him, like, 15 to 2 in the Q4 or something like that. It was almost an equally insane number, but nobody cared. So, guys, all of that to say, it happens. The only time we talk about it is when it's the Lakers. So just forget about that stupid crap, and then I don't have to talk about it again. Anyway, as far as fantasy goes, I expect LeBron will be back to the next ball game. But if he's not, Deelo obviously gets a big boost. Reeves usually gets a big boost, but he fouled out in this ballgame and and kinda got picked on defensively. Really struggled with that end of the floor in this game. Rui Hachamura is interesting. Basically, if you need points, not much else there. Torrian Prince, if you need 3 pointers. Christian Wood's been on a pretty good kick lately, and I think had an opportunity to do a little more with no LeBron also. But, again, a lot of this assessment is without LeBron, which means Saturday had a lot of key guys out. Utah had their guys in, and, we had a John Collins resurgent here. Gave me who was, you know, sitting, like, 140 range for the last 2 months, and then all of a sudden he had one gigantic ball game. Was it because they were playing the lakers who can't rebound or guard anybody? You do the math. Yes. By the way, that's the reason why. Utah has been awesome lately. They've been splitting up the pie every ball game, but Markkanen, Sexton, and typically Kessler who just got worked by Anthony Davis in this one, so that's why Kessler's minutes were low. He couldn't he just couldn't hang in this ballgame. Chris Dunn is someone that I had looked at as a stream lately, but because Keontae George is playing so well in this one, Dunn's minutes were lower. John Collins' minutes being higher also impacted guys like Ochayabhaji, and Walker Kessler and Simone Fontecchio and Kelly Olynyk. Utah's gonna roll a hot hand a little bit, So the safe ones continue to be Markkanen, Sexton, and Kessler. Don't care about this one being one bad game. The next rung down, the sort of, like, more schedule type plays are Jordan Clarkson because, look, he cooled off a lot in this ballgame. Managed to rescue his day with an 8 for 8 free throw shooting night, but you know how things roll with him when he goes hot cold. John Collins is also kind of a hot cold guy. I prefer to use him only for schedule streams right now, not against the Roto games cap. Chris Dunn is in that next group as well. The minutes haven't been quite as safe. Typically, lately, you could use him against the games cap because of all the defensive stats. But, again, I get it if you're not looking for someone who scores 4 points a game, then that becomes sort of a tougher sell. Who played on Friday that didn't go over the weekend? That's the the game we always play here on whoops. That's the wrong day on Fantasy NBA Today. Philly is one that played on Friday. They were without Joel Embiid, although they're hoping to have him back for the next ball game. De'Anthony Melton, sounds like he might miss their next one if he reaggravated his back. That would be a positive for Kelly Oubre junior if he's back for the next one, which they expect him to be. But if there's no Embiid, you can go Paul Reed. And if there's no Embiid and no Melton, then you certainly go Kelly Oubre. If it's just no Melton, Oubre is kind of a coin flip in a spot like that. So try to sorry. I got my monitor all tweaked here. That's something to keep in mind as you sort of roll forward through that. Detroit is another team that didn't play over the weekend. The Pistons made a trade actually on Sunday morning. Nobody cares. Marvin Bagley got shipped to Washington, along with Isaiah, Livers, and they brought back Danilo Gallinari, I believe. I already forgot. It doesn't matter. For fantasy purposes, it doesn't mean nothing at all, because Jalen Duren is the center. The only way that this matters is if Duren gets hurt again because they basically would have no choice but to play James Wiseman or go all Isaiah Stewart at center. I guess that's still a possibility. If you guys are wondering why I'm afraid of Jaden Ivey, he had 18, 7, and 8 here, which sounds fantastic, but, killed you at the field goal, killed you at the free throw line, couple of turnovers. He's a points league darling. That's the long and short of it. Kevin Knox got the fill in start in this one with Bojan Bogdanovic out, but, no, I'm not picking up Kevin Knox. Alec Burks is probably playable in most formats right now. And I think you just have to, like, sit and pray that Ivy doesn't destroy you in the percentages if you wanna go that path. I'm not. That was a talk about a trade that didn't matter at all. The Portland Trail Blazers, who I mentioned we would talk about, because we haven't their game on Sunday hasn't happened yet, their team's ridiculous right now. Everybody's out for them on Sunday. Jeremy Grant out. Matisse Dibbell out. Iboob Baji out. Malcolm Brogdon out. Deandre Ayton out. Shaden Sharp out. Time lord obviously out for the year. Somehow Anthony Simons is, alive for this game on Sunday night. I don't have the first flying clue how that happened, but okay. Maybe he puts up enough numbers before they get blown out in 3 quarters. We'll see. So here's the thing. Portland is another team right now that you kinda have to take on the day to day. Because with all of these guys out, Jabari Walker is gonna have no choice but to have a big ball game. And, Tamani Kumar is probably gonna have a decent game, and Duop Reid is probably gonna have an okay game. Even if they're getting blown out, there just aren't really other options for the blazers right now. Because they've got, like, 7 guys out. There's nobody left. Even in garbage time, they're gonna have no choice but to play some of those starters. The one that they'd probably say no way would be Simons, but, like, Scoot would probably play in garbage time. Do we care? Probably not. But the Blazers are a mess. I can't possibly in good faith say, oh, here's a guy to pick up, because I have no idea who's gonna play for them in their next ballgame. The nice thing about this is we're getting to look at silly season early. They're not gonna be silly season the rest of the way. At some point, they're gonna play their regulars again probably in the next week, week and a half. So whatever you get right now, assume it's short term. But what we are seeing is, like, okay. Look. Lit late March rolls around. Jabari Walker is probably gonna be a silly season winner kinda guy. And maybe Duop Reef will be as well, and maybe Jamani Kamara will be as well. And, certainly, Scoot Anderson will probably be in that mix. But for now, short term. Everything's short term because everybody's hurt on every damn team. And I think Toronto is the one other club oh, Phoenix. But, actually, we talked about their last game, which was on Thursday, so we don't actually have to cover Phoenix. Toronto is the other one. There weren't many things to pay attention to there other than kinda trying to figure out who was gonna get the backup center minutes. And it looked like it might be Thad Young, but he got run off the court in their loss in Utah. Johntae Porter picked up most of the center's minutes, and he had a pretty good fantasy game. But unless he gets moved into the starting 5, I'm not picking him up. If we find out that Porter is gonna be the starting center for the Raptors going forward, I probably would add him. But I feel like the next move for Toronto is Siakam starting at center and Gary Trent moving into the starting 5. I guess we'll see. I don't know. Jakob Poeltl is out at least another week. So whatever's happening here, we're gonna get a few more games to check it out. And in the meantime, you probably don't play any of those fringy guys. I'm not playing Porter unless I find out he's starting. I'm not playing Thad Young even if he's starting, and I'm not playing Gary Trent. Even if he's starting because I'd like to see him actually get enough shots for it to matter. And that was your review portion of the podcast. What about what's coming up? Before we do that, reminder everybody to please take a moment to subscribe to the podcast, whether you're listening on iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, watching live or after the fact on Twitter, watching live or after the fact on YouTube. Subscribe. Subscribe. That's the key here. Subscribe to the show. That's the way that we continue to grow. Also, if you're watching on YouTube, likes go, I don't wanna say a long way, but they go a, medium way. So, whatever you can do on that front also would be excellent. Thank you in advance for that. And let's get now to the week ahead, which is a little bit of a weird one because it's MLK week, which is actually maybe the best, basketball day of the season because you've got games from first thing in the morning until the end of the night, and there's a bunch of them. Like Christmas on steroids. What a weird way to frame it, but whatever. That's what it is. So let's take a quick look at it, on your screen here. If you're again, if you would you got a visual aid for you. It can be kinda useful. This is the streaming schedule that's available to premium subscribers over at sportsethos.com. I'm showing you a very small cross section of it. It's much more useful if you can use it in its entirety. Basically, this is your calendar running lengthwise, left to right, and every team's games, and you can see how they line up. Yahoo has something like this that shows you, you know, like, the next handful of games, but you can't see it for all the teams. You can see it for all the players, which is a pain in the butt to try to navigate. So what about what's coming up here? Well, today, 14th, it's too late for you to do anything with it at this point, so we'll already look towards tomorrow. 15th, a lot of teams play is likely an overflow day. So in all likelihood, you probably don't need to use a move on Monday unless you're not maxed out, in which case you could look at Philadelphia because they have a Monday, Tuesday back to back. Oklahoma City also has a Monday, Tuesday back to back. They are in Los Angeles for those. But if you're like most teams and you're overflowing on MLK Day, you're looking to start using moves on Tuesday of this coming week, which is a very, very light day, and nobody has a Tuesday, Wednesday back to back. So if you're making a move on Tuesday, and you're like, oh, Denver looks interesting, well, the problem there is they don't play again until Friday Sunday. The Clippers play on Tuesday. Yeah. Well, they don't play again until Sunday. Oklahoma City as part of this back to back Monday, Tuesday, they at least go Thursday Saturday. Philly, also, only they're off until Friday. Phoenix, they go Tuesday. They're off until Friday Sunday. Sacramento has a 2 game week, but it's Tuesday, Thursday, so it's sort of lighter traffic days. It's a very, very strange week. Thursday is not super light. I think there are 5 games on Thursday if I'm remembering right. So it's not like that's a day where you can get a massive advantage, but it's very unlikely to be an overflow day. And it's why you could almost game out your week to say, you know what? If I don't need anybody Monday, tomorrow for this moment, but I know some of you are gonna watch this first thing Monday morning, I could go Sacramento because their 2 games are on 2 of the best days of the week. Because Wednesday is a 10 gamer. You might actually have an overflow on Wednesday. It's questionable. Like, you might be at 9 games, so getting one extra could still help. But it probably helps more to guarantee you get that Tuesday, Thursday. And then on Friday, let's say you went Sacramento, someone like a Trey Lyles or a Harrison Barnes or Kevin Herder, one of these fringy types. You play them in Phoenix and against Indiana and some high scoring games, then you pivot the calendar, and you're looking at Friday, Saturday, Sunday as an opportunity to try to set yourself up for the rest of the week. So maybe you go 2 moves on Tuesday and 2 moves on Friday and call it. That's your week. Those are your 4 moves. The nice thing about Friday to Sunday is that a lot of teams play twice those final 3 days. In fact, I think you can count on 2 hands how many teams don't. Here are the teams that don't play twice Friday through Sunday. Chicago, Cleveland, Dallas, Detroit, Golden State, the Clippers, the Grizzlies, Milwaukee, Minnesota, Pelicans, Knicks, Thunder, Sacramento has none, and then Toronto, Utah. So there's, like, probably half the NBA to pick from, maybe a little bit more, that has 2 games over that stretch. And so if you wanna get really clever, you could look all the way to the following Monday and say, okay. Well, which teams then have 3 games in 4 days starting on Friday? Well, you've actually got an okay number there too. Atlanta has 3 games in 4 days from Friday of this week until Monday of next week. This is a way to start your next week with a nice full schedule. Atlanta, Boston, Charlotte are all choices there. You've got Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, San Antonio. I lost track of how many I said there. Is that 7 or 8 teams to pick from starting on Friday? So when you've got, like you know, unfortunately, on Tuesday, you really only have one team to pick from. But by Friday, you've got, like, 7 or 8 teams to pick from that can get you all the way to the following week, and then you're again looking at potentially not making your moves until Tuesday of next week. And that's probably how I would look at streaming this coming this upcoming week. The last thing I wanna take a look at here, are the the, basically, the tough calls, which is effectively, starter sit. Because there are a bunch of guys where you're in a little bit of a starter sit hell. And, best way to do that, I think, is for me to just basically look at the the top ranked dudes and run through them pretty quick. Shay Gilgeous Alexander has a little bit of a right knee issue going on. They've got a great schedule this week, so I feel like you kinda have to go for it. Joel Embiid is also hoping to be back this week, so you kinda have to go for it there as well. Tyrese Halliburton is a no. Luka Doncic is doubtful for their game on Monday. Dallas is a 3 game week. You know he's gonna try to get back in time for their game in LA on Wednesday. Oh, that's a tough call, man. Because if he ends up as a one game week, you're in real trouble. Doubtful for Monday. It's not a good ankle sprain, guys. Oh, man. You're probably starting Doncic and hoping you're getting 1 and a half out of him, but, boy, that's a tough call. LeBron, I would say, is a go. McCollum is a go. Just looking at him as a guy who missed their last ballgame. Desmond Bane is a no, because his ankle sprain sounds kinda bad. Jalen Brunson is questionable for the Knicks' next ball game. They have a 4 game week, so I would start him and expect that you get 2 or 3 or maybe you get lucky and get all 4. Let's keep moving here through the top 75. Keegan Murray? Oh, he left partway. I didn't even realize that. That just happened. Keegan Murray left partway with a hip irritation. Kings with this 2 game week, you gotta hold him through at least Tuesday I mean, not hold. You it's a 2 game week. They're on good days. Probably sit him. Probably sit Keegan Murray. Jaren Jackson is dealing with a right knee contusion. Grizzlies are are notoriously bad with injury reporting. I believe they have a 3 game week we said before. Right? Jjj, if he only plays 2 games this week oh, man. Hopefully, we get more news on him first thing in the morning. I I I don't know that we're gonna, though. When is their what time is their game tomorrow? Oh, man. It's not till 3 in the afternoon. Yeah. That's I'm guessing he'll just be questionable all day until we get a late call, and that's a tough one, man. I'm stumped on jjj. Start, start him and hope for 2, maybe? Jimmy Butler is traveling with the heat. He might be back for their game, on MLK Day. It's, I believe, a 4 game week for Miami, so I might actually consider starting Jimmy Butler this week. Man, I'm really sitting on that jjj call. I don't know what to do there. Franz Wagner has already been ruled out for the MLK Day game, so I think you gotta keep him on your weekly bench, same with Mark Williams. Deandre Ayton was questionable for the Sunday game. They're off for a couple of days. I don't know how you start him without actually knowing for sure that he's playing, so that's probably a no. D'Anthony Melton is out with the, lumbar spine issue. We don't know how long that's gonna take. It's part of a back to back, so maybe they're being a little bit careful there, but I wouldn't risk it. Jaylen Brown dealing with a hyperextension of his knee. The Celtics go four times. So I think I'd probably start Jaylen Brown and hope you get 3. I don't know how much farther we need to go on this one. All the pals that set out the last one, I think you probably sit them, Darius Garland, sit him until we get some kind of a go on him. And, Aaron Neesmith I mean, if there's really any question there, then you probably just leave a dude on the bench. Indiana, 4 game week that's sort of back loaded. So maybe you could go for it if you don't have any other choices there, but I don't know that I would take that risk. It feels, frankly, a little bit unnecessary. And that, I think, is gonna be our show. Managed to cram it all into about 45 minutes, which I think is pretty good as far as pacing goes. Don't you? Quick check here on the chat room. Question about the Isaiah Jackson Miles Turner minute split. It does kinda feel like the Pacers have been trying to keep Miles Turner's minutes a bit in check. He had foul trouble on Sunday, though. If you're worried about that one, he had 5 fouls in 26 minutes. Isaiah Jackson has been playing better, so he's kinda earned, you know, 15, 16, 17 minutes instead of 13 or 14. And Miles's minutes on the season have been maybe a little bit lower than we all expected. He's at 27 and 3 quarters. Basically, he's under 28 minutes a game. That's why he's not in the top three rounds this year. I wouldn't expect this to be more, a trend, really. I'd you know, foul trouble played a role, but I also do think that Jackson getting 16, 17, 18 minutes feels like a repeatable thing for whatever that's worth. Makes him a deeper league play. And then sort of on that same vein, Parker here asked, would you rather have Goga Betadze, Isaiah Jackson, or Trace Jackson Davis rest of season? Well, the Goga one is whether or not the Magic move Wendell Carter Junior. Because if he comes back, then Goga we saw the 3 headed monster. It was a disaster. We have no idea what's gonna happen in Golden State with Draymond Green coming back. So I'd probably say Isaiah Jackson here in kind of a weird twist, but he could also disappear. So I don't know that any of these guys is one where we're like, oh, yeah. Rest of season. This is gonna work. They all are kind of like, could things break their way for a couple of weeks? Sure. Why not? Who do you trust more, Draymond Green or Xavier Tillman? I I don't know that either of them is inside the top 100 the rest of the way, but the Grizzlies are gonna be shutting people down and the warriors are not. So both of these guys have different paths to value. Draymond's just getting old now. So, you probably go Draymond just because of his sort of unique stat set and how we've seen Tillman get on these little bursts and then completely vanish. But I'm I reserve the right to change my opinion in, like, 3 weeks if the Grizzlies are not bothering to bring any of their guys back, and then you go Tillman. Crap. Maybe even go Tillman now and just assume that he's gonna get to play down the stretch. Is that a good assumption? I don't know. Should I trade De'Aaron Fox for Keegan Murray or Bradley Beal? No. You should not. And how do we view Jonas Valancunas' value the rest of the season? I mean, it seems like he could just keep doing what he's doing. He's fallen a little bit. He's outside the top 50 now, but he's still having a great year. And, you know, the he's he's been solid for them. Probably loses a couple of touches here and there minutes here and there because of Larry Nance being healthy again, but how long does that even last? Parker says kids don't get the Brooklyn Bridge reference. Man, what are you gonna do? I'm an old man now. I'm off to go, get my voice back by, sucking on some Werther's Originals. Thanks again for watching everybody. Again, I know I didn't expect many people to be with us live for this one right in the middle of a I think I got the, Rams, Lions playoff game going off to the side here. But I do appreciate everybody checking out the show, whether it's now, later, whatever. Like, rate, subscribe. Go check out our buddies atmanscaped.com with promo code ethos 20. Hit up the Discord. That link is in the show description. Make sure to follow. I know some of you probably are just seeing this as you're, like, scrolling by on Twitter in the for you column. You might have think that you already follow me, and you don't. So please do that as well. It's at Dan Vesperos over on social. Sportsethos.com is the website. Ethosfantasybk to get your news over on social media. This is Fantasy NBA Today, and, I think that's that. I might throw together, like, a bonus afternoon show tomorrow while the games are all rolling along. Maybe a buy low, maybe one of these other ideas that I've been kicking around in my brain for the better part of god knows how long. I have all these amazing show ideas, he says, in a very modest way. I have all these show ideas that I've been wanting to do for weeks and between kids being sick and winter break and blah blah blah. I just haven't had time to do it, but, like, maybe this is the week because we knocked out a show here on Sunday. Does it open things up? We'll see. We'll see. I'm looking at the list of shows I wanna do. I've done 1, 2, 3, 4 of these ideas so far, and I have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 other ideas that I haven't even been able to get into. It pains me. Alright. Well, maybe this is the week. Stay tuned. It's another good reason to subscribe. Right? Right? Of course it is. Of course it is. Hey, Go get someone Manscaped again. That's, keeps them a long time partner for us. And thank you again to the Believe Network for joining forces with us here at Fantasy NBA Today in Sports Ethos. That's a really cool thing that, that we've been able to have going on these days. Thank you to those that were with us live for this show. I didn't expect any of you here, but cool that a couple of you were. Go enjoy the rest of your NFL playoff stuff, and I'll be back, over on social to break down some games in a tweet storm later tonight. We'll get you ready for MLK first thing in the morning. So long for now, everybody. Have a great rest of your Sunday.