Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright. 2nd verse, same as the first. I think we're going now. Welcome everybody to episode 2 of the morning here on Fantasy NBA Today. This is your standard recap show. This will be a pretty easy one, actually. Just 2 games yesterday. And from a fantasy standpoint, I'll squeeze whatever I can out of it. You guys know I'm always gonna ring out every ounce of goo from a box score, but the honest fellow within me will tell you right now. This show, we can move through a pretty good clip. I'm Dan Basperis. I hope I'll see you guys over on social at Dan Basperis. Please take a moment to subscribe to the YouTube page. That is the big, big thing. Liking is also cool. Subscriptions are the number 1. And, we'll tell you about Manscaped as we work our way through this thing in a little bit. So let's just go ahead and dive in because, you know, 2 shows and, I'm just one man, and, frankly, I'd like to do whatever else needs to get done on the day. Thank you to everybody, that was in the chat room here that was helping me work through this very weird little, technical issue with StreamYard, and it seems like we're fine now. So yesterday, the IST, the in season tournament, also known as the NBA Cup, opened up its quarter finals. Indiana hosting the Boston Celtics. Everybody just figured Boston was gonna run away with this one. I was really surprised to see Tyrese Haliburton recover from his illness as fast as he did, but, presumably, it's not the one, that a lot of these guys have that's, like, knocking dudes on their butt. And Halliburton, by the way, is fine. 26, 1013, a triple double. I think that's the first of his career. I might be getting that wrong, though. 5 3 pointers, 10 out of 18 shooting. This dude is unreal, man. This dude is unfreaking real. Halliburton is number 3 in 9 cat right now, and he's basically neck and neck with Nikola Jokic, if you can believe that. Wild. He's ahead of Joel Embiid. They're all trying to chase down Shea, who's at 2 and a half steals the ballgame, and that's been a big reason why he's as high as he is. But, man, you gotta put up some serious popcorn numbers to be at the top of the board. Shout out to Halliburton for doing just that and for being one of the guys that we were talking about targeting. Remember right at the beginning? Top 4. And not that we were, like, all by ourselves with this one, but Jokic sort of the the obvious number 1 and not he's behind Shea, but, like, you're not gonna feel bad about drafting Jokic 1, and he's number 2 right now. Number 2, I was like, look. I'm between Embiid, Shea, and Halliburton there. If you're worried about the health, you go Shea or Halliburton. If you want big scoring, you go Embiid. And now, frankly, at this moment, if you've gone any one of those directions, you'd have effectively the number 2 player in fantasy. So so far so good on the top of the board handicap. We'll see if it holds. Anyway, the rest of the news on yesterday's game will veer away from the guy who's a 100% owned and a 100% started and into the news, which is that Kristoff Porzingis is hoping to make his return later this week for the Celtics. They now don't play again until Friday, which means he has another, well, 3 days today, tomorrow, Thursday to recover and then most of Friday, presumably, with a little bit of a whimper. Unfortunately, this is the end of the road for the Al Horford fill in stream. It was a lot of fun, and I got a clown on Yahoo or someone. I mean, it I I think Yahoo gets their blurbs from Roto World. I don't know. But their last Al Horford blurb made me laugh and then cry, and then laugh again and then understand why you and I, you listeners, me, our friends, are just destroying a lot of people in fantasy. Listen to this listen to this recap, the advice I'm sorry. I'm picking on somebody. I don't know what, like, kid is learning how to do blurbs over there that I'm picking on here. So apologies in advance. I I anyway, the blurb says, Horford's usage has spiked during Kristoff Porzingis' absence. That's true. But his tenure in the starting lineup has been rocky. Oh, has it now? Through 5 starts, he's reached double digit scoring only once. Oh, is that right? Even though there was a 20 and a 16 in back to back games? Okay. And a 15 rebound explosion against the hawks makes his 7.4 per game rebound average more impressive than it appears. Boy. Boy. This is I'm sorry. Like, you know me. I'm not out here to go pick on anybody, but this this blurb, this advice being given to everyone who clicks the little button on Al Horford on Yahoo is some of the worst fantasy advice I've ever seen. What did we just talk about yesterday on our show? What was Al Horford ranked since Kristaps Porzingis went down before that last ballgame? You guys remember? Number 9, he is a 1st rounder since Kristoff Porzingis went down. Who gives a crap if his rebounds were at 7 and change? Nobody. Nobody. Because in his last 6 ball games, which if I'm not mistaken, I think Porzingis actually played in that. And I I I could try to do it I could try to get even more accurate. How long has he missed? Porzingis has only missed 4 ball games, by the way. So what we should really be doing here is looking at last 4 games. I'll do that. Basketball monster lets me do that on their site. Thank you, BBM for that. Over the last 4 games, you guys wanna know what Al Horford's rank is even after this quieter ball game? Seventeen. Is that what you'd call a rocky tenure in the starting lineup? 11 points, 9 and a half rebounds, 1 and a half threes, 4 assists, a steal, 2 blocks on 61% shooting from the field, and a perfect 4 for 4 at the free throw line. That's Rocky? Stop it. Over these 4 games, Al Horford has been one of the best injury replacement players in the NBA over the last half decade. How many guys go from being outside the top 100 to a second rounder? Not many. That's brutal, man. That is absolutely brutal. People are reading that and thinking, oh, yeah. Good thing I didn't pick up Al Horford for this terrible rocky filling it's been. Good gravy. Even yesterday, by the way, with a 2 point effort look. Admittedly, that's a that's a clunky game. 7 boards, 4 assists, and a block. Stop it. You know, I I believe that fantasy sports gets more competitive every year, but I'm a little bit worried that if this is what everybody's gonna read, that they're gonna end up with a whole lot of points league type of teams trying to win 9 Cat. Al Horford in points league yesterday, that was a really bad line. But, I mean, most people on Yahoo are not playing points leagues. You ought to throw that blurb up on ESPN. Maybe it'll make more sense. Yikes. Big yikes. Make sure to get your fantasy info from sports ethos. Good lord. Other news on yesterday, Sam Houser at 5 3 pointers. Nice little 3 pointer fill in type, streamer. Jaylen Brown had 30. We talked about him and fouled out, on our by low show just a few minutes ago. Buddy Heeled, another nice game in the starting lineup. He's been top 40 since he moved into the starting 5. Bruce Brown is finally getting cooking. And then Obi Toppin, who I look. This is a perfectly fine ballgame, mostly because of the 2 blocks, but the minutes are back down to 20 6 because Aaron Neesmith was playing really well off the bench. And, unfortunately, that's just kind of the way that things go, in Indiana. You're gonna get hot handitis, and it works for him. Look. I like, it's annoying. It's not like I can say, Rick Carlisle, you're a terrible coach because his Pacers are 11 and 8. They just beat a very good Boston team to advance in the in season tournament. They're the number 6th seed in the Eastern Conference. But it from a fantasy standpoint, it's extraordinarily annoying. We would like them to just pick 5 or 6 guys to get consistent minutes, and it's just not gonna be the case. We should consider ourselves, I think, extremely fortunate that they finally moved Buddy Hield into the starting lineup, and now he gets a more consistent 24 to 32 minutes. But that unfortunately means that everybody else is splitting even fewer. Shorter rotation in this one at least. Anyway, as far as, like, in week streamer goes, all of these guys are playable. Anybody that got more than 20 minutes in this game, you can play for their next one on Thursday. But, you know, 9 Cat, Roto, long term type stuff, Toppin, Matherin, Neesmith, none of those guys actually makes any sense. And then remember, the Celtics don't play again until Friday. So if you were streaming someone on the Celtics, you probably wanna get off of them now. Other game yesterday was also pretty fun. New Orleans beat Sacramento 127 to 117. Herb Jones, a giant ballgame. He's come roaring back after, like, 2 or 3 kinda quiet ones. And, again, I'll repeat what I said on yesterday's show. Everybody in fantasy, folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. With the exception of, like, the top 20, and even that stretch in it, has downstretches. Everybody. Herb Jones like, the guys like Herb Jones, it's just gonna be more obvious because they don't score very much. Herb, Nick Claxton is at 12 and some odd points per game. Brook Lopez is at 13 and some odd. So when these guy these are guys that are inside the top 30. When those dudes have a few games where they don't do a lot of stuff, it's gonna be really obvious. Because it's gonna be, like, a 6 point 2 rebound, 1 assist, 1 steal game, and you're gonna, what in the world am I doing holding on to this guy? But then you have to remember, averages. Just just yell that word inside your brain. Let it bang off of each corner of your dome. Every time someone in that, like, sort of quiet but awesome 9 cap producer category has a quiet game, just have your brain scream averages because Herb this year is at 1.8 steals, 1.3 blocks, 5288 splits, 124, and 3, and that puts him inside the top 30. Son of a gun's at ranked ahead of Kyrie Irving right now. And, obviously, a lot of that has to do with what you're approaching. But if you're thinking like, oh, it's because he's a turnover darling. It's not. It's because he's a percentages, steals, and blocks darling, which are my 4 favorite categories to attack as nobody else pays attention to them. That was a lot to say that Herb Jones was an obvious hold for a long time. CJ McCollum traveled for this ballgame. That's nice to see. So every day, his, little lung situation gets a little better. You're playing the starting 5 for the Pels right now, and you're also playing Trey Murphy who wasn't quite as good in this ballgame as his first one back. But, honestly, like, it doesn't matter. You can't worry about the game to game. He still had 16 points and 3 threes even if he didn't really do anything else. I'm enamored with the 30 minutes and 13 shots. That's more than enough to get Trey Murphy inside the top 100, and that's all you should be paying attention to as well because everything else will level off. If the minutes and the shots are there, you have nothing to worry about. For Sacramento, the guy that we've been sort of quietly tracking all season long was Malik Monk. And I just kept saying it over and over again through the first, I guess it was, like, 4 weeks. I can't put this dude on my fantasy team if he's playing 22 minutes of ballgame. Well, luckily, he ain't anymore. Over the last 2 weeks, Monk is playing 28 minutes despite De'Aaron Fox being in the lineup. He's shooting 48% from the field, which maybe that doesn't hold, and he's made something like 20 straight free throws, which also won't perfectly hold, but he is a good foul shooter. 18 points, 3 assists, 1.3 steals, and 3 3 pointers over that stretch. Yeah. He's playing over his head, but the 28 minutes is enough. Malik Monk in 28 minutes is a top 100 guy with a little bit of room to grow over that depending on what what role he has. And then, obviously, if Fox ever misses a ballgame, then his role leaps through the the top of the building. But this is why we tracked him for all that time. As soon as the minute started to trend up, he's a guy that needed to be rostered in every format, and so you're playing him now. Kevin Herter, also a quiet play. Keegan Murray is on my buy low board from earlier today. He left and then came back in this ball game. Still kinda dealing with that back injury. But, again, 31 minutes, 11 shots, 4 three pointers as his, percentages level off. You're just you're golden. Dimonas Sabonis also jumped about 20 slots by finally hitting some free throws in this ballgame on his way to a triple double. And then De'Aaron Fox had sort of points league De'Aaron Fox in this ballgame, and dropped himself outside the top 25 because of it. But, you know, therein lies the rub with him. He's gonna take a ton of shots. He took 25 of them in this ballgame. But if he's not making those, you know the free throws are not gonna be great. The turnovers are high. He's gonna be awesome in a lot of stuff that points leagues don't care about, but he's a negative in all three categories that points leagues care about. The turnovers actually haven't been that big of a deal for him so far this year. He's gonna be fun. I don't want you guys to misinterpret what I'm saying. But when he was number 8, it was pretty obvious that that was something that was going to trend down. Anything else that we needed to talk about in this ballgame? Not really. I mean, that's the that's the 2 gamer yesterday. I guess you could point and sort of side eye Jose Alvarado, but 18 minutes ain't enough there. And, Yeah. That's it for the recap from yesterday. So let's just sort of quickly pivot into the 2 games coming up on the, in season tournament docket this evening. As I once again remind all of you to please take a moment to click that like button and subscribe to our YouTube page, and visit our pals over atmanscaped.com. Use coupon code ETHOS 20, ETHOS 20 to get 20% off on your order and free shipping. The holiday season is upon you. This is the time to go get something over at Manscaped. They are really awesome products. 40, 50, $60 for some of the models that came out last year. If you wanna go a little bigger, you can. Depends on how important the person is in your life. But either way, with our 20% coupon that with free shipping, you knock that $60 item down to 48. Awesome. You're set. Who's who is it in your life that you're not willing to spend $48 on to get him a sweet Manscaped item? Ethos 20. That's the promo code there. Use it up. Use it quick. And get yourself Hanukkah or Christmas presents with the special sports ethos code. As far as tonight goes, I mean, more than anything, it's it's about streaming this evening. And we could talk about things that we're watching for. Like, is Josh Hart gonna get 30 minutes again? Is Bobby Portis able to do more than just points and rebounds? For Phoenix, can anyone make any noise besides the main 3? For the Lakers, do any of those sort of fringy wing types elevate themselves above the rest? But more than anything, not only are you trying to stream, but you're probably trying to stream the guys that you think are gonna win. So they'll play again on Thursday. And you get 2 quality days out of 1 roster move. So Bucks favored by 5, Lakers favored by 1a half. That second goal game, honestly, I think the the Suns are gonna win it. Lakers have played pretty well lately, but they've also beaten Phoenix twice already this season, and now Devin Booker has a chance to sort of lean into this one. Milwaukee's gonna be a tough one to beat. They're on their home court, but, you know, Knicks are gonna give it their all. You know, that's coming, and they'll defend, which Milwaukee has had a couple of problems with teams that can defend a little better. But, again, like, if you're looking at for streams, unfortunately, there isn't much on that Milwaukee side. Pat Connaughton would have been the guy, but he's already been ruled out for the week. So, I mean, what what are we even trying to accomplish with them at this point? Like, who's left? Campaign? He'll probably get about 18 minutes, 19 minutes. Marjohn Beauchamp, Beauchamp, he might get 15, 16 minutes. Bucks are gonna be heavy on the starters and Bobby Portis. So aren't that many streaming opportunities, unfortunately. The Knicks of the team of that first matchup that has the streaming list, Dante DiVincenzo, Josh Hart. I don't think I'd go Quentin Grimes, but Immanuel Quickley, Isaiah Hartenstein. Not that these guys are gonna put up massive numbers, but you'll get something out of them in a way that I don't know that you're gonna get much from anybody on the Milwaukee side. And then Lakers' sons, I'd rather get a laker because they've got Cam Reddish, they've got Tory and Prince. These guys are probably on the wire and streamable, but I also don't think they're gonna win this ballgame. So I'd be looking at the Suns and saying, alright. Like, is there a Gordon gonna play? What's the deal with Grayson Allen? Joshua Kogi is a maybe. Jordan Goodwin is kind of a maybe. If Eric Gordon is out, he becomes a better maybe. So the streaming list is is before you all, but we don't really know who's in, who's out yet, especially for the Suns more than anybody else. So you probably wanna wait a little bit later into the day. But if you wait later into the day to figure out who's playing for Phoenix, you might miss your chance to get a Laker. So maybe the answer is just to go Cam Reddish or Torian Prince and hope that the Lakers can squeak one out here against the Suns. I don't actually have the answer to that question. I know you guys turn to me for definitive, like, dig your healing answers on stuff, but sometimes there isn't an obvious one, especially at 10 something in the morning here Pacific when the games don't happen for another 5 or 6 hours and the late game for another 8 or 9. Such is life, I fear, at times where there's a gray area. But those are the names at least on the streaming board. You heard them from Derek Ball on yesterday's show. And, you know, if you wanna make your move this morning, you might not have a choice but to do it. So, you know, maybe you just do it. As far as, like, what are we watching long term for Phoenix in LA? Pretty much nothing. Maybe we get a sniff of Bradley Beal in the next week or 2. Supposedly, he's being real evaluated around now. Let me triple check on that timeline. I had it written down, like, 3 days ago, but that note has been lost for the ages. He last played on November 12th. So 19th, 26th, day or 2 ago was 3 weeks. Last update we got was it was, I think, yesterday or the day before where still no real timetable on him. So there's your 3 week mark. Meaning, there's really nothing. You know? Eric Gordon is head to head. You're you're praying that he has a better type night, but none of these guys are roto built. None of these guys are rest of season plays on either team, especially as the Lakers ramp Jared Vanderbilt up and ramp Rui Hachamura up and maybe eventually get Gabe Vincent back? Meh. We had a whole lot of meh on that nightcap. But the good news for those of you that are hanging out with us here on the show is that because we have nothing else to talk about on the card, we can do a few questions. Do Wemby and Chet we'll go straight to the chat room. Do Wemby and Chet just get better as the season rolls on? I in parent, those season I don't know how much better Chet can get, though, LOL. Where do you think they land in rankings by the end of the season? That's a good question, actually. So I think Chet probably slows a tiny bit. The 53, like, 40, 87 splits for him. I don't know that those hold all season long, but he was, as you guys might recall, the one truly young guy on the Danvers' old man squad because we knew that his stat set was gonna translate unbelievably well. For Wembanyama, honestly, I don't know that his game changes all that much in season. He's gonna have to get stronger. I like the flexibility element, but he's gonna have to add a little bit of strength. And at some point, the season's just gonna kinda wear him wear him down a little bit. Same story for Holmgren. So, honestly, I I think Chet, you see, settled back in. Wembley, this is, you know, not too far from what I'd expect from him. Field goal percent and turnovers were always gonna be the things that, we're gonna limit him a little bit. But, yeah, these guys are putting up insane numbers, and I think you probably just wanna ride it out more than anything else. Not that anybody's trading either of them. If you could sell Holmgren for, you know, top 15 to 20 guy, you could do it. I I don't think that'd be the worst idea in the world, but I also think you'd have just as much fun, seeing how it goes. Who's better rest of season? OG Anunoby or Derek White? That's one that hasn't come up yet. Interesting. Let's see. Derrick White's number 52. OG is outside the top 100. Yeah. Even if OG catches up, I I don't think he passes him, so we're going Derrick White. I just traded Halliburton for Harden and JJJ. The playoff schedule means a lot. Your thoughts on this. Well, my thought is that we don't all have the same exact playoff schedule, but, if you're confident your team can get there and you're adding a whole bunch of games played, it's not, like, it's not the worst idea in the world. I just man, I hate trading away a top 3 fantasy player. That's that's a good player. And do the Pacers have a terrible playoff schedule? I guess it depends on when they are. There's, like they've got a back to back 3 gamer mixed in there. I don't think that I'm giving up Halliburton. I don't think I'm trading away any guys, unless they have a 2 game week in the playoffs. Minnesota, the Lakers, Dallas, and Charlotte have 2 game weeks kinda late in the season. Those are the 4 teams where you might be like, maybe I move on from my favorite dudes on these clubs. Even though that's sort of, like, 424 for some of them, but that 2 gamer could end your season. Whereas with the Pacers, you're getting 3 a couple of times out of Halliburton, I think, is probably enough for me. Should I trade Zion or just hold on? I wasn't drafting him to begin with. So this one's kind of a tougher one to me because I'm coming from a place of I don't have him. But this is Zion. He's a punt free throw guy. I expecting anything different than what you're seeing right now is a little crazy. Like, he was always gonna be a punt free throw guy who was pretty good at field goal percent, which he has been. He's scoring. He doesn't get that many defensive stats, which he hasn't before. Rebounds, fine. Assists, fine. This is sort of who he is. If your team can't handle the punt free throw, then get rid of him. If you can, hold on. I traded Siakam and Herb Jones for Jaren Jackson Junior. Can I get your thoughts on this? So I like the buy low on jjj. I'm not a huge fan of selling low on Siakam, and Herb is is ranked way higher right now. And he's a little bit of a sell high, but not that much. I think I just think I would have maybe found a different pair if possible. Like, this could work out fine for you, but I think it could have been done a little bit differently. Like, you could have gone Herb and maybe somebody who isn't a sell low, but I guess I'm splitting hairs. I only have one move remaining for this week. Should I target a player that plays Wednesday, Friday, or pick up an in season tournament player? Bean, you're the only person who knows how full your schedule is on Wednesday, Friday. If you're in overload mode, then you definitely wanna go with someone who plays, in the NBA Cup. If your Wednesdays Fridays are not full yet, then you can max them out. Like, if you have open slots on every remaining day this week, then fine. I just sort of find it hard to believe that your Friday won't be full because, basically, everybody that doesn't play in the semifinals, is is gonna play on Friday. So we know the Pacers are not playing Friday. We know the Pels are not playing Friday. And there'll be 2 more teams that don't play on Friday, but it's gonna be a 13 game day. Everybody else is going. And more than likely, that means you're gonna be in overflow mode. So I think I would probably try to target in season tournament days. But, again, you check your lineup, and you'll know better than me. Both Josh Giddey and Asar Thompson were dropped. Both are well outside the top 150 in points leagues. Are they worth grabbing? And if so, who do I prioritize and why? I would lean, towards Thompson. I mostly am just afraid that some sort of news is gonna drop on Giddey. Although, who knows? Thompson is certainly the better 9 cat guy between the two players. I do think he also eventually sort of rebounds up and gets to do more stuff. Short term, it's probably Giddey, for points leagues, but long term, I think it's Thompson. Points leagues again. Dan, how would Anthony Simons affect Brogdon's value in 9 Cat? He's gonna take some away from him. And then eventually, that's gonna be Scoot's job. Brogdon's not gonna they're they're gonna probably try to move him at the trade deadline, I would think. If I'm trying to trade Brogdon, who should I target and what range? I I would think that Malcolm ought to be able to get you somebody between 80a100 right now. He's playing well. He's number 104 overall on the year, but he's scoring, assisting. Teams love guys that score and assist. And his free throw percent will probably get better. Field goal percent is questionable, but I would think it would get better as well. Targeting a big man, there really aren't that many around him. John Collins is not a traditional big man, but you could almost definitely get him. Maybe you could get Keegan Murray who's also not a big man, but at least he's getting you 6 rebounds and some steals. I don't think Broadband's been gonna be enough to get you Walker Kessler. I don't think he's gonna be enough to get you Jalen Duran. I don't think he's gonna be enough to get you Mitchell Robinson, but that would be one maybe you could try on. If you're targeting a big man, you probably need to add something else in. If you're targeting a wing or another guard, there are a lot of them around on the board. Just look at the board near Brogdon, and somebody will jump out at you like one of them names. Doing 2 pods back to back is, not surprisingly not great for the voice. We're gonna do couple more questions. Not gonna get to all of them. Should I stream Symone Fontecchio if Lowry continues to miss time or Senti Aldama? I prefer Aldama. Are the top 10 or 15 days from Kyrie Irving officially done? No. I think his 45 a half percent shooting is gonna move up, and I also think his steals and blocks will come up as the season goes. So, no. I think he I think he works his way back up into that range. And, at some point, Luca's going to miss a couple of all games. We know Luca eventually runs out of gas. Luca, missed one last week, and Kyrie was was it was troubling. But Luca always gets off to these fast starts, but then he ends up having to do too much. And his body starts to sort of, I wanna say, decompose because he's young, but it just he wears it. He wears it, and you see him wear it. So, no, I think Kyrie's gonna be fine. I wouldn't worry about it. Someone else asking about Zion. We already asked that one. 9 Kat D'Aaron Fox or Damian Lillard. I prefer Dame, and he's ahead of him now by 6 slots, mostly because Fox's free throw number has come way down. And then with Fox, I think there's other stuff that might start to taper as well. I I just I don't know how he can take 23, 25 shots every game all season long. Maybe he can, but it feels like it's asking almost too much. Would you say Markelle Fultz is officially a drop in 12 teamers with no more IR space and is no timetable? Yes. I think you can move on from him if you don't have an IR slot, an IR, an IL, or an IR slot, and the most recent news that they have no idea when he's coming back. Can I drop Khris Middleton and Jordan Poole to get Jalen Suggs and Derek Lively? Yeah. I mean, technically, those guys have been better. And if your team is is struggling, you probably want the guys that are better. It's not insane. Middleton probably slowly continues to ramp up, but I told you 6 weeks ago he's gonna be one of the most annoying players to roster this year, and he has been. Are PJ Washington and Jaime Aquez droppable for a streaming spot? I don't know. If you're in overflow mode this week, you might not have a choice. But if you're not and you really wanna get some extra games and the answer is yes, but overall, I think these guys still have top 100 range in them because Tyler Herro isn't back yet. I know they were hoping he'd be back this week, but it doesn't sound like it. Maybe. We'll see. But I don't think he traveled. And I see he didn't travel. Herro and Bam didn't travel for their game. And then PJ Washington, probably an easier stream. But, again, you know your situation better than I do. If you're at a game's disadvantage in a head to head week against somebody else this week, it hurts even more because there just aren't that many games. Would you hold Wendell Carter Junior or drop for a streaming spot? I would have dropped him weeks ago, but if you hold this long, you you probably wanna keep holding now. I haven't watched your Bilo just yet. Who should we try to trade for Jaylen Brown? It's too late now. He was on the Bilo show from last week. He just had a massive 30 point performance. You're just not gonna be able to get him anymore. It's too late now. Sorry. I know. Bad news, Dan. What a bummer. Let's see here. I need to drop someone to activate Bojan Bogdanovic. Is it Deandre Hunter, Santi Aldama, Kyle Lowry, or Malik Monk? It's either Aldama or Hunter. It's probably Hunter. He just has no ceiling. Would you trade away Tatum and Matherin for Dejounte, Banchero, and Cam Thomas? No. Dinwiddie or Gafford in a points league? Oh, that changed it. It's Gafford and 9 Cat. It might be Dinwiddie in points. You probably have to tell me what they're averaging right now in a points league because I don't have that number in front of me. Cat and Streuce for Dame Lillard? No. That's an overpay. Cat and Dame are 19 and 20 right now. They're basically deadlocked. Chet for Harden? Nah. Think I'd rather have Chet. Do you feel like what Max Strouse is doing is sustainable? So far, we're 6 weeks into the season now, and every damn week, he's top 60. He's number 57 right now, so I'm gonna continue to say yes until something tells me otherwise. One of my favorite waiver wire guys this year. Lot of analysts said don't hold there, and I said, you guys are freaking crazy. I packaged Horford and Reeves, and I got Jaren Jackson. Well done. That's a cleanup right there. I have Halibut. I know that's Haliburton, but I like that his nickname in this particular post is Halibut. Everybody in the NBA needs a fish nickname. Halibut, Cade, Book, and Keontae. Sir, you need to check your autocorrect before posting these. Are these too many assists? I mean, probably. I don't know. You know who you're playing against. Grade yourself against some of the best teams in your league. Make sure you could beat them in the playoffs, and then you'll get your answer. I traded Fox, Banchero, Aldama for Kyrie, and Kristaps Porzingis in 9 cat. Who wins this one? The Kyrie and Porzingis side. And I don't think it's all that close, actually. Is Monk must roster? Yes. Points league? Yes. I'm looking for assists in roto. Would you trade away Jordan Poole and Trey Murphy for D'Angelo Russell? Honestly, yeah. I probably would. Trey Murphy might not be that far behind him, but if you can honestly get yourself off of Jordan Poole, I probably would do it. What to do if a player is too good to be dropped, but it doesn't fit your build and you could pick up guys from the waivers that fit it much better? In this particular case, this poster is saying I have Klay and Jordan Poole, but I need a big man. Mitchell Robinson, Derek Lively, Wendell Carter Junior, all on the wire. Look. You know, you could try to trade Klay and Poole to somebody and try to get, like, a top one something thing back, but it's gonna be tough. Nobody wants those guys right now. So, Klay, I think you kinda have to hold on to. He's shown signs of playing a little better. You might be able to move him for somebody inside the top 100 in a week or 2. Poole, he's just been awful. And, you know, Mitchell Robinson and Derek Lively look awesome right now. So I I I know someone's gonna go pick him up when you drop him, but, also, I don't think it's that nuts at this point. Sorry. We're this many weeks in. We're six and a half weeks into the season. A lot of guys are who they are at this point. Pool will probably get a little bit better, but will it be good enough? Should I add Keontae George and PJ Washington and drop RJ Barrett and Deandre 100 points league? Sure. Why the hell not? I mean, I don't think it changes all that much for you. No. Hold on to RJ Barrett. He I know his minutes have been lower lately, but he's a points league darling. So hold on to Barrett. Hunter versus Keontae George versus PJ Washington, that to me is a is a full on wash. Who has better 9 cat value between Trey Murphy and De'Anthony Melton? It's probably Trey Murphy. Keontae George's assists dropped for the past few games. Is it because Lowry's out or were the 8 assists at the beginning too high? The 8 were too high. He wasn't gonna sustain 8 assists. He's still a rookie, and he's not the primary guy on his team. For the last 2, no. Like, 8 or 9 shows. So, like, a week and a half's worth. I've been talking about how Keontae George is an obvious drop in roto. Head to head, he's kind of like a luxury stash at this point because you're playing him because he's doing some stuff, but he's hurting your team more than he's helping right now. I have no problem with folks moving on from George if they don't wanna hold all the way to February to see if he starts to get the percentages turned around because there's at least, like, a 5050 shot. It never happens this year. And, so that's fine. Would you trade Jacob Pearl and Mike Conley for OG? That's an overpay. You should be able to get OG for Pearl by himself. And even then, I don't know if I would do it. Conley, I think I probably would. Oh, the Keontae George question was the dynasty league. Yeah. Go go ahead and hold on to George. Yeah. I don't think he's gonna average 8 assists, but he'll probably be decent in the next year or 2. But this one, I think I'd rather have that OG. Conley, I I would give up. Can you please give a shout out to Paper Root Frank and send wishes for a fantasy league championship? Sure. Why the hell not? Good luck, Paper Root Frank. That's hilarious. Thoughts on Killian Hayes. When he moved into the starting lineup last week, I called him a speculative ad, and I will continue to call him that until we know what the hell he's actually going to be. Would you rather have Onyeka Okonwu or Derek Lively? Right now, it's Derek Lively. Click a bellow goes down, obviously, that flips. But Lively is a starter. He's playing nice minutes. His fantasy profile is not that dissimilar from, like, a Nick Claxton. So, Derek Lively. And we're done. Under 40 minutes on this one despite the big question and answer session. Thank you for watching both shows today. Get something at Manscaped with promo code ethos 20, and please make sure to go back and just like something I've done. Like a YouTube video or a Twitter post and subscribe. If you guys have been enjoying this stuff all season long, we wanna keep pushing this thing. We're not that far from 5,000, which is kinda cool. So hopefully, you guys can be a part of that. I am at Dan Besburz over on social. And you traditional pod listeners, y'all know I love you. You guys are my OG listeners. You're all the best. Hugs and kisses, everyone. We'll see you tomorrow with a sell high and a recap combo platter for Wednesday. Later for now.