Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright, folks. Streaming time. It's Friday. We'll try to take you through the weekend into the beginning at least of next week as well. But given the way that my personal schedule is laid out, I think think that we're gonna have time to do some of these over the weekend as well. We'll be getting a Saturday or a Sunday streaming show going. We won't have anything else. It'll be, you know, a quick 15 minute deal over the weekend. But if I can jam those in, I think it would be useful. And, you know, you had so much injury news every day that it feels like, you know, we we do these shows. We do these streaming shows. When you try to look ahead a day or 2, it becomes extremely complicated because you don't know who's gonna get ruled out. And, frankly, in the time between when I created this stream, like, 10 minutes ago and going on air, Desmond Bane got ruled out for tomorrow. And Luke Kennard sounds like he's getting ruled in for tomorrow. So it's literally happening every half an hour. Meaning, if we can do a show on the day of the games, we should try to do a show on the day of the games. Ramay, welcome to Fantasy NBA Today, one way or the other. I'm Dan Vesperis. Thanks as always for tuning in, everybody. Please take a moment if you're joining us for the very first time to like, rate, and subscribe. I've been I'm gonna try to ramp up how much I bug you guys to do that. I can even walk you through the how to rate a show deal on the podcast app, your Apple branded mobile device. Maybe I'll do some more of that over on social media. Time to make a push, I think, on that side. Sportsethos.com, the website. Sportsethos on Twitter is, well, sportsethos is one of them. You can also do ethos fantasybk for just the basketball feed. And, again, I am Dan, d a n, Bespris, b e s b r I s. Who has bad schedules? Alright. Suppose we can start there. That seems reasonable enough. It's a good place to begin because then you know who you can perhaps dump. Toronto, who had one of the worst schedules yesterday, continues to have one of the worst schedules. They are a day closer, the Raptors are, to their one loan game the rest of this week, which is on Sunday. But bad news for Raptors, Fantasy holders is that they're off again on Monday before they do then finally start a better scheduling stretch where they have a back to back, and actually 6 games in 9 nights. So the Raptors go from a bad schedule to a pretty good one between Monday Tuesday of next week, but they're a really bad team to be sitting on. If you had a Raptor, you should have gotten off of them yesterday, but believe it or not, they still have the worst schedule even today. Also, among the bad schedules, Milwaukee, believe it or not, now goes from having a really interesting schedule because they played on all the light traffic days to having a pretty crummy one. Yes. They play tomorrow, so if you're sitting on a buck, you can hold through tomorrow. I would recommend abandoning ship on Sunday because they're off back to back days. Yes. They have 4 games next week. Yes. One of them is a back to back on mon or on Tuesday, Wednesday, or 2 of them are, I should say. But then they go Friday, Sunday of next week, which are very much overload days. Friday has 12, Sunday has 13 because the NCAA championship is on that following Monday. Do you have to move off of your Bucks? No. Absolutely not. If you have Malik Beasley, who's been eminently streamable lately, you could just hang on. The problem, of course, is having one game over 4 days. Usually, you can find somebody who gives you at least a one game bounce. And in this particular case, there are teams that can give you a 2 game bounce, that have 3 games over the next 4 days. The difference, of course, is that those teams play on the high traffic days. So are they worthwhile to your team? And we'll get to those clubs in just a moment, but that's the way you'd wanna be tilting because, there is an opportunity to get a 2 game bounce over the next 4 days off of Toronto and off of Milwaukee provided you're not overloaded or full on Friday, tomorrow today, excuse me, and Sunday, the end of the weekend. Who are the ads? Well, let's talk about the good schedules first, and then we'll get to the ads. The good schedules belong to Orlando. They have a back to back today, tomorrow, and then they're off Sunday, and they play on Monday. So 3 games in 4 days, or you can go 4 and 6 if you really wanted to extend it all the way to Wednesday of next week. That's perfectly reasonable, because Friday Sunday are the overload days. Monday through Thursday are all pretty normal. And Orlando gives you that flexibility with the back to back today and tomorrow where if you really wanted to move on on Sunday, you could do it. You also have some options, Moe Wagner, Cole Anthony. These are guys that are kicking around on waiver wires. You might be able to find oh, I don't know. I don't think I'm willing to take a shot on Jonathan Isaac, who I love for roto leagues, but head to head too much risk on the back to back. And that's probably about as far as you go with Orlando, but those are pretty good options for the back to back. Also with a good schedule and, you know, most of these teams have 3 games in 4 nights. It just has to do with kinda what order they're in. Charlotte has the next best schedule. They go 3 times in 4 nights. The back to back is Sunday, Monday, so you don't have the same flexibility. And if you happen to be overloaded either today or on Sunday, then you don't get to maximize it in that capacity. But Monday is a pretty low tide day. The back to back being Sunday, Monday means you're pretty much stuck holding for then, and then they also play on Wednesday of next week. So you could hold for 6 days and get 4 games that way. And finally, the 3rd team with a decent schedule is the Chicago Bulls. I think folks that were watching along, you saw as I was scrolling past this club, there's there's Chicago and who the hell did I just say? The Charlotte Hornets. Yeah. Charlotte's the other one. And, Chicago, the only real streamer level guy on the bulls is Andre Drummond, and they are also off for 3 days after Monday. So if you went the bulls route, you have to drop on Tuesday. Not only they are they offered 3 days, but they don't go into a back to back or anything after that. So it's one game over a 5 day span, which I I get it. You know, 1 out of 5 is 20%, 0 out of 3 is 0, but both of those are way too low for you to be using on your fantasy team. I already mentioned the players that you could roll with on Orlando if you wanted to go the that direction. If you wanted to go Charlotte or Chicago, we just talked about Andre Drummond. Charlotte has a handful. Vasil Jamicic is streamable, especially if you're hunting assists. Grant Williams is streamable if you're looking for threes and a couple of rebounds. Nick Richards is streamable if you're looking for boards and field goal percent. Entry man if he's floating around on Waverwire is streamable if you want kind of a little bit of everything with maybe not the world's greatest percentages. But there are a lot of options on the Magic and the Hornets between the 2 of them even if there aren't all that many on the Chicago Bulls. So you have some pretty good options if you're trying to upgrade, but those only make sense, I'll repeat it again, if you're not full today Sunday. Because if you're full today Sunday, you might not be able to get both of the games played they have the rest of this week. You might be able to get one out of the 2. So I think today is what? Friday today is a dozen, and Sunday is 10 or something like that. Just off the top of my head, I'm pretty sure that's what it is. I've looked at a lot of schedules here over the last couple of weeks, so apologies if I got that number wrong. In all likelihood, you probably are full today or extraordinarily close to it. Sunday, I think there's a lower probability. If it's, you know, 10 games out of 15, 2 thirds of your team is playing. If you got a 13 game or a 13 slot roster like on Yahoo, you probably have 8 to 9 of your guys going. So there's probably some room on Sunday. The other you know, the thing you really need to be checking in is on today, which is why if you're sitting on someone like a Boston, for instance, that only has one game left the rest of this week or Atlanta that only has one game left the rest of this week and I know I mentioned the other 2 teams, Milwaukee as a worse schedule and Toronto because they're 1 in 4, but there are a lot of teams that only have one game left this week in 3 days. So those are also possibilities you'd have to then probably it's a little bit it's not as good because those teams go on Monday, so it's not a bad schedule per se. But you could turn a one into a 2 with a team like Boston. They're one of them. Atlanta is another one. We've talked about Indy as one because they're done after today. You're not gonna make a move there, but after today, you can make a move on those clubs. Phoenix and Portland are done for the week after today. That was what other b ones that you'd look at. We talked about Toronto with just the one game left over the weekend. New Orleans has just one game tomorrow. Memphis has just one game tomorrow. So there's all these teams that only have one game left the rest of this week. You have to just make sure again, their schedules are not as bad because they play on Monday, the clubs we were just talking about, not the not Toronto, not the ones that I had mentioned earlier, but the ones I just threw into the mix that, aside from Milwaukee play tomorrow, Saturday, and Monday. But, again, if you're really going hard at this week, the players you should be looking at dropping are the ones that only have one game left the rest of this week even if next week their schedule starts a little bit better, because you wanna maximize your games, turn a 1 into a 2 if your schedule allows for it. If you're full today Sunday, you pretty much just hold through today. Then there's no reason to make a move today. Like, if you're full today, you're not making a move. What the hell's the point? Make a move tomorrow or make a move Sunday. I don't care when you do it. Just don't do it today. If you are looking towards trying to get a pretty good start on next week, your options are somewhat limited because Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday are all kind of medium days with Monday actually being the quietest of that bunch. So there are no Monday, Tuesday back to backs next week. So there's really no way to hyperfrontload your schedule. Atlanta has an excellent schedule to start the week. They go 3 times the first four days of next week, and they are, believe it or not, the only team that does so. So if you can hold on to your hawks through their one game left this week, try to do it because they got 3 games and 4 nights to start next week. And then when everybody else is playing on Friday Sunday, once again, the hawks are on the in between. They play on Saturday. So you not only get 4 games next week, but you get 4 quality games. Hawks have the single best schedule of any team in the NBA next week, and, frankly, it's not all that close because most of the teams that have a really heavy schedule play on Friday or Sunday or both. Not all of them, but many. Ones that don't for next week, again, if you're looking at next week, Brooklyn, they go Monday, Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday. So the only one of those overload days. But, again, Sunday is basically a wash. There's 13 games that day. You're almost definitely gonna have at least 10 guys going. So teams that are not playing on Sunday, Atlanta, Denver, Detroit, and Memphis, those are the only 4. Those teams do have an advantage earlier in the week. Memphis is sort of a maybe because they play on Friday, meaning you might only get 3 of their 4 games. Detroit, same. Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday. Denver, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. So you're getting all 3 of those games. And then as we just mentioned about Atlanta, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday. That's a great spot where you're gonna get a get to use all 4 of your hawks next week. Try to load up if you can. I know the streaming options are not all that good. Bruno Fernando is kind of the only one that's making any sense right now. But, you know, if you get 4 good games out of Fernando, congratulations. You ain't doing any better than that. So that's a look ahead to next week. We'll also cover that a little bit on tomorrow's show and on Sunday's show provided I can get those out. I think we can. Also, there has been a request that I put out the streaming information on Twitter the day before. So I'm gonna try to do that for tomorrow's lineups. Now, basically, when we sign off this broadcast, I'm gonna take over to social media. We'll try to get that out there. I'll do a little, like, reminder tweets in the middle of the night just in case anybody missed it. And I'll do my best to try to make sure you guys can see what day it's for. That's also kind of important, but that's what's coming up here. Quickly, check-in the chat room. Looks like we got 3 posts in there during our quick hitter. Daniel, thinking about dropping Keontae George to activate Donovan Mitchell today. Utah has 3 high volume day games next week. Alright. Well, let's, let's make sure we know what we're talking about here. Cleveland, they go Tuesday, Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday. So they got 3 games on days where, things are pretty full or not full, I should say. And Utah, Tuesday, Friday, Sunday. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I mean, this is this is, like, not a question mark anyway. I'm assuming you mean Donovan Mitchell? Yeah. Utah is a great team to unload for next week because you really only lose one day. In all likelihood, dropping Keontae George won't cost you games next week other than Tuesday. And we're talking about Donovan Mitchell here, like, this is a monster. They go Tuesday, Wednesday, and they're off for 2 days, but they do play on Sunday. But regardless, the the this is Donovan Mitchell. You'll you'll push somebody on Sunday to get a 1st rounder in your lineup. Hey, Dan. Should I drop Grayson Allen one game and pick up Cole Anthony for 2? No. Hold on to Grayson Allen for today. And if you really need Cole Anthony, you can pick him up tomorrow because Grayson Allen is better than Cole Anthony. So I would rather have a game of Grayson Allen today versus a game of Cole Anthony today. And if you wait, by tomorrow, you'll have an even better idea of what categories you need to hunt, and then you could just pick up someone that goes one game the rest of the week. You have your choice. Maybe it's Cole Anthony, maybe it's a Pelican, maybe it's a Buckaroo, maybe it's a Grizzly. Desmond Bang got ruled out. Luke Kennard just got ruled in. Kennard tomorrow could be a really interesting grab. Dan, my 1st fantasy basketball season, 7th year in fantasy sports, and I'm in 1st in my medium competitive 12 team lead thanks to you. Doing my bye right now, I'm killing the field this week against no one. Yes, my man. Ride us to victory. We allow 10 weekly moves. Oh my god. Any strategies with that much leeway or just go a ham on the ads? I mean, honest to goodness, I've never been in a league that it that allowed 10 moves, but I would I would stream, like, 5 roster slots with the amount of there aren't even enough streaming guys on Waverwires to use 10 moves on. You might not get to use them all. It's so many. That's crazy. Holy mackerel. I hope the waiver time is short, because otherwise, the whole league's gonna be on waivers by Tuesday. I don't know if you use all 10. Normally, I'd say use every move you have, but, like, if you have a good roster, 13, 14 players or something like that, you wanna drop your 9th best player. That's that guy's probably pretty good. I don't, Jordan, to answer your question. I don't have strategies for a 10 weekly move league. I think you probably just you know, with Sunday being washed, everybody's playing, basically. It's a 6 day week effectively. So, I mean, really try to front load, get a ton of games Monday through Thursday, because he ain't gonna make a whole lot of ground up on Friday, Saturday, or Sunday. Dan, I could use a second streaming spot, but I can't choose who to drop between Chris Paul, Paul Reed, or Yousef Nurkic. It's probably Chris Paul in a vacuum. Let me quickly check on each team's schedule for next week. Warriors, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Sunday. So, yeah, he probably only get to use him for 2 of those. Paul Reed on Philly is Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sunday, so that's better. And then Nurk, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday. Yeah. It's probably Chris Paul, believe it or not. He's been really bad lately, and his schedule isn't all that great. Unbelievable. I know. What a time. Alright. 18 minutes, and we'll put a pin in it. Good luck, everyone. Let's get some points tonight. And, again, I'll try to get back with you tomorrow morning with a streaming show for Saturday, and please do check over on Twitter at Dan Bespirus. That name is on the screen. It's very easy to see. If you're watching on Twitter, make sure you hit follow, because when this show's over, I'm gonna dig right into tomorrow's best schedule moves that take you through the following week. And with that, once again, I ask to please like, rate, and subscribe. I'm actually begging. I think this is because the off season's coming, and then nobody's gonna be listening. I'll be shouting into the void on this show. We do have shows all off season long in case you get bored. I hope you do. I hope you come hang with us. In any event, I'm Dan. Bassperus. Appreciate all you guys for watching. See you soon.