Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright. The second half of our Tuesday 2 a day. I guess today technically becomes a 2 for Tuesday. Oh, how delightful. And this is the streaming half. You guys saw that in the thumbnail already, so I think you have a pretty good idea of what to expect if you've watched or listened to either of our first two versions of this show. We did one on Friday. We do we did one yesterday. We will have one again tomorrow Thursday. We will likely not have a streaming episode on Friday afternoon unless I do one from my car. I won't. I won't be doing one from my car. What's What's happening, everybody? Welcome to this bonus episode of Fantasy NBA Today. Hope you guys are enjoying our head to head playoff streaming episodes of the show. 15 minutes or less is the goal on these bad boys. I'm Dan Vesperis. You can find me on Twitter at danvsperis. This, of course, is a sports ethos presentation. Sportsethos.com. Check out the baseball draft guide immediately and our pals atmanscape.com with promo code ethos 20. For those that are watching the video feed, you will also see the streaming calendar, which I have been adding color coding to a little bit at more every day as we go here. And this has given everybody a look at this week and next week as we plot out a course on the Fantasy NBA landscape. The, format for these shows is we're gonna look at the schedule. We're gonna look at the teams that have the best schedules, and you can kinda see them in a visual sense. And then we're gonna talk the, players that fit that mold. So very quickly here. Here are the teams and how they stack up, and we'll sort of roll through them as we go. Good schedule starting today. The best one on the board is the Cleveland, Cavaliers. They start a 5 games in 7 day stretch tonight, hosting Boston. They're in Atlanta tomorrow. They've got Minnesota on Friday, Brooklyn on Sunday, and then Phoenix on Monday in sort of on the other side of a weekly turnover, but it's still 5 games in 7 days. That's the only one of those that starts today. There are a handful of teams that go 4 times in 6 days starting today, which is also quite useful, especially those that begin it with a back to back. Those teams are the Atlanta hawks, the Houston rockets trying to scroll to keep up with what I'm talking about, the Orlando Magic, and the Philadelphia 70 sixers. There is one other team that has 46 starting today. It's the Miami Heat, but their back to back is on Thursday Friday, which doesn't afford you quite as much flexibility at least in terms of if you make that heat pickup, you kinda have to hold through Friday, whereas for those other teams we mentioned, you may not have to. Things that you're looking forward to here today and if you're not using moves today, one thing to keep in mind would be Chicago. They start a 6 games in 9 night stretch tomorrow, which, is generally like a back to back, then 2 games over kind of 5 days in the middle, and then another back to back on the the sandwich side of that. Charlotte, as folks that are watching can see, they also start a 6 games in 9 night stretch. That's on Friday. And if we scroll down a bit, you'll see the Clippers actually start a 5 games in 7 night stretch on Saturday of this week. So those are sort of the very heavy schedule notes coming up as well as the Portland Trail Blazers who we talked about on yesterday's show. They're in the midst of a very good scheduling block, which, of course, is highlighted by a 57 that starts on Friday of this week. So what do we do with that information? Well, there are some players that you can use in these scenarios, and I'm gonna try to very quickly switch what you guys are seeing on your screen so you can see, the players that we're talking about, as possible use case, guys. Here we go. Let's get that pulled up nice and gigantic on the screen. Everybody can take a look at it in real time. Basically, what we're looking at here for this this other half of things is okay. Well, let's say we're streaming from these teams. How do we decide what players make sense in those scenarios? And there are a few parts of this that you that we kinda have to look through. Number 1 is, you know, are these guys even playing? So, you know, that some of this is still a little bit up in the air. Let's make sure that we can get this all up there. There we go. There's all the names on the screen at the same time. So you gotta wait wait until the very last second if you can to try to make sure that these guys are actually active for the games you're picking them up in. But if you're looking at the cavaliers, for instance, they go 5 times in 7 nights. Isaac Okoro, if he plays, would be a very good one with Donovan Mitchell out, and Caris LeVert still questionable. Sam Merrill is the other one where you really need both of those guys out for him to sorta hit his stride. I think if if LeVert, say, comes back, you'll still get an okay line out of Okoro. I don't know that you'll get much out of Sam Merrill, which makes him a little bit tougher because you're looking to add whoever this guy is you're picking up for a full 7 days. So not a lot of flexibility on that front, but a lot of games played. 5 times in 7 days, you can use somebody that's not doing very much, and you can still get a lot out of them. If you're looking at for, more flexibility, you'll probably look at those other 3 teams we mentioned, which was, 4 teams. Excuse me. The Atlanta Hawks, the Houston Rockets, the Orlando Magic, and the Philadelphia 70 sixers. Those teams all have a back to back tonight. Going into tomorrow, You can continue to hold for as many as 6 days on those, which would roll you all the way through the end of the week. But if you needed to abandon ship earlier, you have that opportunity because you could just go with the back to back and then make a move, say, on Thursday, or you could hold them through through Friday, make a move on Saturday for a weekend back to back or just to change up what categories you're attacking or to try to set yourself up. We just talked about a moment ago the, 5 games and 7 nights team that begins on Saturday. That was the Clippers. So there are the it gives you a certain flexibility here, but does also require using up more of your weekly moves. The players that you could eyeball that go back to back and also 3 games and 4 nights and also 4 games and 6 nights On the sixers, Paul Reed and Mo Bamba, as well as Kyle Lowry now who wasn't on this list earlier today, but has since been added with Tyrese Maxey being placed in concussion protocol. So that's a change that happened from my tweet earlier this morning. So add Kyle Lowry to that mix. We were talking earlier on yesterday's non streaming show, the recap episode on Monday, that Kyle Lowry is very close to just being a standard ad. Very good injury fill in here with Maxey likely to miss, at least one ballgame. We know one, maybe more than that, which is a devastating blow for teams that are in their playoff hunt because concussion stuff, you just sorta don't know. But Kyle Lowry gets in there provided he can actually play in the back to back, and I think they're gonna try to force him into it. I think this is gonna be Nick Nurse saying, look. We need whatever we can get out of you, Kyle, until we get Tyrese back, and that's when they would probably give him a little bit of a breather. So Reed, Bamba, Lowry are the sixers you could look at. The hawks, I honestly you know, you can check your league to see who's rostered and who's not. It's possible that nobody on the hawks is low enough roster ship where you could then go, and assume that not not even an assumption, I guess, where you could turn them into a streamer. They might just be on rosters already. Because, like, Sadik Bass playing 25 or 35 minutes a game. Deandre Hunter is around 28 minutes a game lately. They are going a pretty short rotation. It's sort of 6 guys getting a lot of minutes. Bruno Fernando would be the only one you might consider in a tight spot, but Clint Capela's minutes have been trending up with his minutes caps slowly lifting. And so I don't know if you're gonna get more than 17 or 18 minutes out of Fernando, which, you know, fine in a back to back. That might give you, 16 points on, you know, like, 7 out of 9 shooting with a couple of free throws, and he might get you 7 or 8 boards, and he might get you 4 blocks over those 2 games. But, you know, that's using a lot of roster move to get not a ton of stuff back. So that's why I didn't put Fernando on this list. If you're going Rockets' direction, Ahman Thompson and Dillon Brooks would be the fringy guys that may be on or off of rosters in your leagues that would fit the mold here for a back to back or a 3 and 4 or a 4 and 6. And then the Magic probably have arguably the the sort of easiest, pick or lot to pick from, if only because they just have more guys that have been fringy all year. Guys that in a 9 cat scenario don't really belong on rosters day in and day out, but do just enough otherwise to be, like, alright, I guess. So those guys would be like a Jalen Suggs who's probably rostered. Gary Harris who might get a back to back off, but he could sort of flip float in there. I didn't put him on my list because we didn't know if he would play in there back to back. Moe Wagner might be my favorite one to throw in that mix. He's been pretty good lately. Fultz is not gonna play in the back to back, so that's why he's not in the list. And so then you get Cole Anthony, who likely gets about a 6, 7, 8 minute bump when Fultz sits out. So then with Anthony, you get, you know, 20 some odd minutes one game, maybe high teens the other. Hopefully, that gets you about 40 to 45 over the back to back. I don't really wanna hold on to Cole Anthony the whole week. Wagner, Moe Wagner, I probably could consider holding on to for the entire week, but it's, again, you have that flexibility built in with these back to back slash slightly longer, medium, or long streams depending on how you wanna play this thing out. So that's basically the, that's basically the look here is and I did it in 10 and a half minutes today, so that's pretty good. That's the the direction you're going. If you're thinking about tomorrow, there there isn't a lot you wanna do tomorrow. A lot of teams have 3 games the rest of the week. But at that point, you probably should have made your move yesterday or today. Wednesday is not a day I typically like to make moves when I'm long streaming. Thursday, I might consider it again, but if all possible, I'd like to try to hold off. The reason you look at Thursday is because there are a couple of teams that have 3 games over 4 nights to finish the week, which is special because, you know, you just there aren't that many. I think it's maybe 3 ish teams that can boast 3 games from Thursday to the end. So, like, if you had a team that went yesterday and tomorrow, but, say, only has one game after that, Utah, for instance, they go Monday, Wednesday, and then Saturday, you could take a Jazz player, flip him for well, Brooklyn, everybody on that team's been picked up already, but there's a couple more actually. Miami and Minnesota are teams that go 3 and 4 to finish the week. So then you turn that 3 game Utah week with one move into a 5 game slot, if that makes sense. Because, like, Miami, Minnesota, they only had one game the 1st 3 days of the week and then 3 games the last 4 days. You pair that up with Utah that has 2 in the first 3 and 1 in the last 4. That's how you use one move on the perfect day you turn a 3 game week into a 5 game week. Anytime you can use a move to add 2 games to your week in a long streaming universe, you pretty much take that opportunity. Nice thing about Minnesota too, if you wanted to go that direction, is they play on Tuesday of next week, so the schedule doesn't get crummy until after that. And that's really the today through Thursday look. But, again, if you wanna sort of hold off, remember, Portland, 57 starting on Friday. Clippers, 57 starting on Saturday. And then you actually have a a one or 2 more that starts for, it's Utah towards the end of next week and Boston towards the end of next week as well. So those things you can kinda look ahead to. And that is your lava lava lightning fast streamer show. Quick look at the chat room before we turn this thing off. Do I think Julius Randle or Randall or Joel Embiid is gonna return before the end of week 21? So, depend first of all, it depends on which week 21 you're referring to because, technically, this is the 20th week of the season, but a lot of sites combined the, the all star break into 1 week. So if you if you're considering this week 19 and you're considering March 11th, week 20, and March 18th, week 21, I think there's maybe, like, a 30% Randall chance Randall's back by then. I don't think there's almost any chance Joel Embiid is back by the end of that week. Johntae Porter or Clowney today? Wow. That is a very deep league. Oh, boy. I wasn't ready for that one. Alright. Hold on. Give me just a second here. I guess I'd go Porter because he at least played 7 minutes in their last ball game after went down. So you might get, like, 14 to 15 minutes out of Porter possibly. I don't know. I know Dayron Sharp is out for the Nets. So this Clowney play I you know, you're taking a shot there that he jumps into all of Sharp's minutes, and I don't know that he gets all of them. He might get a few. So I think I'd lean Porter in that ridiculously deep discussion. Should I drop Trey Murphy for Andrew Wiggins? No. I mean, remember how Wiggins came back from his family stuff last year? Took him a full damn season to shake off that rest. So I'm gonna say no. Stick with Trey Murphy for now. But look, I'll tell you what. Like and this is the cop out answer. If Wiggins looks like he looked before he took his personal leave, then yes. He was doing better than Murphy at that point, but Trey's gotten really hot since then, with McCollum out, and he sort of carried that over into now the Pelican situation with McCollum back. And I don't know that there's a perfect answer to this one. Wiggins is probably the better long term play, but Trey is so hot right now. I don't know how you can do this discussion without quoting Zoolander. Thanks again, everybody. Like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff on the way out. Wanna try to get these things done in 15 minutes. We're at 14 minutes and 55 seconds. I'm Dan Besperus at danbesperus on Twitter talking really fast on the way out. We'll see you tomorrow. Another 2 for on Wednesday. Later.