Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. What's happening, everybody? It's a quick hitter, Saturday edition of Fantasy NBA Today. This is exclusively a streaming show, and we are, again, trying to do it in 15 minutes or less. I'm Dan Vesperis. Thanks as always for, joining us on the program. Please do like, rate, and subscribe if you're enjoying all this bonus content we've been throwing your way, especially for those that are in your head to head playoffs or fighting to get into your head to head playoffs. Follow me over on social media at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. Alright. Let's get straight into it. It is Saturday's card, March 9th. We've almost wrapped up here playoff week 1 for a lot of folks or running into playoff week 1 for a lot of folks or whatever it happens to be. Hopefully, you're still in good standing. Let's go through this the same way we've been the last couple of days. First, the horrible schedules. And this is, frankly, where you need to begin is to figure out if there's anyone on your team that you probably need to get rid of. And the worst schedules right now are, frankly, I'd say not quite as bad as the last couple of days, but still pretty bad. The Lakers and the Timberwolves are your terrible schedules starting today, and it actually doesn't get all that better for those clubs even if you extend it beyond today. Timberwolves, for instance, they go, 2 games over 7 days today, and they also go 2 games over 7 days on Monday of next week. So what you can look at here is it's kind of an opportunity to maybe get off of the Timberwolf player, Timberwolf, early so you're not competing with other people. And if you have a move you can use now, it saves you from having to use 1 first thing next week. Same story for the Lakers. These two teams have, basically the same schedule. It is the same schedule over the next 9 days. They play Sunday. That's tomorrow. They play Wednesday Saturday of next week. Timberwolves have a slightly better schedule to start the following late week. The Lakers schedule actually is just horrible all the way until March 22nd. They play almost not at all. 1, 2, 3, 4. They have 4 games due to the Lakers over the next 13 days. Yikes. So one game the rest of this week, 2 games next week, and then one game the first 4 days the week after that. That's about as bad as it gets for fantasy purposes. For reality, it's great. These lakers are gonna finally get some rest after they get through this Minnesota game. Maybe that'll be good for them. Minnesota, who plays the lakers on Sunday, the difference there is that they have a back to back Monday Tuesday 18th 19th, not next week, but the week after that. So there is sort of a light at the end of the tunnel for Minnesota. But at least over the next 7 days, those two teams are terrible. So if you have anybody that's even remotely fringy on those clubs, meaning, yeah, Mike Conley, frankly, lately has been kinda fringy. Definitely Jaden McDaniels for Minnesota. You know, Nasrid probably moves above that mark, but certainly Kyle Anderson is outside of this sort of what's fringe, what's not kinda deal. For the Lakers, the line, sadly, might extend all the way down to somebody like an Austin Reeves, definitely Rui Hachimura. These guys are not dudes, you know, kinda 50 50 names in there. And if you're in the playoffs, it gets a little cutthroat, so you might have to make that tough cut. But 2 games over 7 days is just terrible because there's plenty of teams that go 4 times over that stretch. And so you had 2 games. Think about it from an Austin Reeves standpoint because he's the name I said just now that you probably were looking at, and you're like, Dan, are you serious? Like, you'd really drop Austin Reeves? He's 16 points, 4 boards, and almost 6 assists. Can you get half of that? Is kinda what you're asking yourself. Can I get 8 points, 2 boards, and 3 assists? And 1 3 pointer and a half a steal. And the answer is probably on the waiver wire. And then if you can get beyond that, 4 games out of somebody else ends up giving you more than 2 games of Austin Reeves. And I feel somewhat similarly on the Mike Conley front, who's been slowing of late, mind you. But, you know, 6 assists, 10 points, 1.1 steals, and 2.23 pointers. That's where he's kind of had the edge over in Austin Reeves, lower turnovers as well. Can you find half of that? Can you find 5 and a half points and 3 assists? Damn right you can find that on the waiver wire. So in my eyes, it's a pretty easy call. It's why, historically, when we've done sort of weekly lineups, lock shows, 2 gamers need to be top 50 or better. And, frankly, top 40 or better makes more sense come playoff time. But, certainly, even in the regular season, you're not starting a 2 gamer who's top 75 to top 100. That's what both of those guys are. I know that hurts to think about, but it's the honest to goodness truth. Those guys are not good enough to warrant a start. And so playoffs, 2 games over 7 days. That's basically what you're looking at right now. Couple of the teams with not great schedules, but really, you know, it's kind of a Atlanta, Miami, New Orleans, Orlando, and Utah, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 teams. So the Hawks, the Heat, the Pelicans, the Magic, and the Jazz have 2 games over the next 6 days, but their schedules tend to be a little bit better after that. So you're kind of like you're you're grading out whether you can make it with these clubs. Pelicans, they go back to back after that 6 day span. They have 3 games and 4 nights in the middle of next week. It's part of a 3 game week, so it's not the end of the world. Miami goes Wednesday, Friday, Sunday of next week. So, again, it's basically what you're looking at here is one game over the next 4 days, and you start next week kind of slowly. That's to me where the issue creeps in. If you can afford to start next week a little bit slowly with those players, it's not a huge disaster because they all still have 3 game weeks coming up. But it is an opportunity if you have somebody particularly fringy on them, like, if you have a fringy Atlanta Hawk or a fringy Miami Heat like a Caleb Martin, for instance. That's the kinda guy where you can go find somebody who has, hopefully more like 4 games over the next 6 days. And honest sadly, there aren't that many guys that have 4 games over the next 6, but there's a couple, Clippers being one of them. And we're gonna get to the the good schedules in a minute. Chicago Bulls are another. That's where, again, you can add 2 games with one weekly roster move. Those teams again were Atlanta, Miami, New Orleans, Orlando, and Utah. Now remember, Utah goes in a great schedule at the end of that. So if you're punting on a Jazz, you should have done it 3 days ago when they had the worst schedule on demand. Now that team with the worst schedule is the Lakers. Alright. So where do you pivot to? The teams with a good schedule is coming up right now, are the Clippers, who start a 5 game and 7 night stretch, including, I believe, back to back matinees. So it sounds like they're gonna rest at least one of their superstars, which means their fringier guys have a chance to be kind of useful. So before we get to the names, let's just do a quick scroll through this streaming chart that you guys are looking at starting on 39. That's today. The teams that you're looking at here and and you could see look for the ones where they the color change happens on 39 on the board you're looking at. And those teams are Boston. They have an okay schedule coming up here. The Clippers were the other one that I just mentioned a moment ago. They have the best schedule coming up. There aren't that many, by the way. Portland is still sitting on a decent schedule. San Antonio has a decent schedule, and that's kind of it right now. Brooklyn too. They've got a back to back this weekend, but it slows considerably after that. Okay. So let's change what we're looking at here on the screen for those that that are watching with the video feed as opposed to just listening in. Here are the names of the people that I think make a lot of sense, and and there aren't that many of them today because, again, you have a more of a select number of teams that have that improved schedule. You have more teams that have a bad schedule, so you're probably gonna be fighting with people for who you're picking up. But for the Clippers, Norman Powell and Terrence Mann both make a lot of sense. I don't think I would extend my Clippers stream to the big men, like Mason Plumlee or Daniel Theiss. There's, sort of too much hanging in the balance. Although 5 games in 7 days, you could probably make an argument, for one of them, but it's hard. It could really fall flat on its face. But Powell and Man make a lot of sense right now. Those are guys that should end up on your roster if you're making a move today, and I'm strongly considering it, by the way. In fact, that game might be going already. Is that game already happening? That game's starting, like, as we speak right now. So if you're watching live, you might still have a chance to do it. If you're not, you probably aren't. Dennis Smith junior, Dorian Finney Smith, Lonnie Walker are the 3 Brooklyn Nets that are still kicking around on some waiver wires. And then for the Spurs, I think the only guy you're picking up is Malachi Branham these days who's been good. And then let me I guess I should have explained a bit more about the spurs and Celtics. There's no one on the Celtics to pick up and stream. They haven't they don't use their bench really ever. You're gonna get 1 Al Horford day and 1 Kristaps Porzingis day on the back to back. Maybe you get a couple of Al Horfords. It sound like Porzingis might be questionable even for the game before their back to back Monday, Tuesday. But this is again why the list is so short. So you got the Clippers starting now, the Nets who have the back to back, and then you're gonna have to get off of them. And then the Spurs who you could pick up and ride through, presumably, Tuesday, they do have a 4 game week next week, but they have 2 games off after their back to back. So if you don't really like the spur you're playing, we'll probably look at what you might be able to do starting on Wednesday of next week. Bad news is there aren't that many great options there. Dallas has a back to back of Wednesday or Wednesday of next week, Wednesday, Thursday. The Pelicans have that 34, but it doesn't have a back to back built into it. Portland finishes up their great scheduling spell Wednesday, Thursday of next week, but that's kind of it. So you might end up getting stuck with your spur pickup through Friday or even Sunday and just hoping that you can take the 4 game week that starts quickly with the flexibility to maybe do something on that Wednesday if you really, really wanted to. Or, frankly, even on a Thursday, more teams actually have a better schedule starting on Thursday of next week than there are teams that have a schedule a good schedule starting on Wednesday of next week. So just keep that in the back of your mind or, let's say, call, like, an equivalent number of teams have a decent schedule on Thursday as Wednesday. So this is a tough one to look for pickups today. That's pretty much the list. And, again, you probably missed the Clippers side, so you might be stuck. If you'd like to, you can try to hang on until tomorrow. There aren't that many great schedules starting tomorrow, however, that move you into next week with a good position because there really aren't that many teams that go tomorrow, Monday. In fact, I think there's is there one team that goes Sunday, Monday? Cleveland. That's it. They're the only team that goes Sunday, Monday. So if you're gonna make a move tomorrow, it's probably to a cavalier because then you could hold them through Wednesday because they go 2 games the 1st 3 days of next week. But they're not the only team that goes Sunday and then 2 games the 1st 3 days of next week. The Indiana Pacers are Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday. The Grizzlies are Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and the Kings are Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday. So you have a few other choices if you wanted to go tomorrow instead of today. That would position you to then make your move on Thursday of next week to probably a Washington wizard or a Phoenix sun. Those are the teams that have a decent schedule starting on Thursday of next week. So that's probably your alternate option if you didn't get in on a Clipper earlier this morning. Quickly, a check of the chat room. Let's make sure that, everybody is covered there. Yes. We did have a piece of news today, and we'll probably have more news, honestly, as the day goes on. But right now, the one piece of news we got is that Benedict Mathurin is out for the year, torn labrum, which is not really all that big of a piece of news for Mathurin, but it is a reasonably sized piece of news for Aaron Nesmith, who's been terrible lately, was a little bit better in the Pacers' last ballgame because he had a couple of blocks, got some rebounds, got some assists in there. He still wasn't hitting his shots, but at least he took 10 of them. Now they have no choice. Indiana has no choice but to be like, look, Nesmith, you gotta figure this out. I don't know what you're dealing with right now, whether it's a lingering injury or it's just fatigue of a long season or whatever, but you gotta be the guy. So hold on to Nesmith. Again, for the Pacers, their schedule starting tomorrow is decent for 4 days. And so someone like an E Smith, if he got dropped, is actually a pretty good pickup tomorrow through Wednesday of the following week. Then you're gonna drop them because they got 2 games over the next 6 days after that before pivoting back into a slightly better schedule on March 20th. So that's what you're doing if you're looking at Nesmith and the Pacers. But that's a shame for my points league team. My points league team was riding a pretty good Benedict Mather and Heather, prior to this shoulder injury, and now you you pivot. But this is another reason why long streaming is such an important thing because it ends up it you end up holding on to your moves until later in the week in a lot of scenarios, and that allows you to deal with a situation when a guy gets hurt like this. Like, we didn't know the bathroom was gonna be out for the year, but when he was out sort of indefinitely and they said he was gonna get reassessed in a week, you drop a guy like that. He wasn't even good enough to give it a second thought in a points I mean, forget category leagues, but points leagues and and you can find plenty of players that are a similar example on the category league side where they're just, like, kind of okay. And if you start getting zeros from that dude in the playoffs, you gotta drop. You just have to do it. So you need to have a move ready on when did Matherin go down this week? Wednesday? Like, you need to make sure that you had moves available to be to get rid of him. Go find someone else that's not giving you a 0. I don't care who the hell it is, whoever we've been talking about, who's had a good schedule coming up. This is why long streaming is so important in the playoffs. You cannot set all of your moves in stone on Monday. Oh, I'm gonna make 2 moves today and one move on Thursday and one move on Saturday. Because if a guy gets hurt, that move takes precedence over whatever else you were gonna do. Be judicious with them, be smart, and try to hold on to some as the week goes on. I don't know if we're gonna have time to do one of these shows tomorrow. I'm out until pretty late. So if it happens, it's gonna be, like, after the kids go to sleep at night. That's not particularly helpful for you, and the games start early. So in all likelihood for tomorrow, there will not be a streaming show. Make sure to follow over on social media at Dan Vesprisk, because we'll do our streaming stuff over there tomorrow first thing in the morning. And then Monday, we'll get a recap going. We'll get you situated for the start of playoff week number 2 for a lot of folks or playoff week number 1 for some. And if you're in a Yahoo standard league, you're still a couple weeks away from the postseason. But don't worry. We will have our regular recap show mixed in there as well for folks that are playing roto or aren't in the playoffs yet. I am Dan Vesperis. This is a sports ethos presentation. It's Fantasy NBA Today, a special Saturday streaming edition. Hey. Go upgrade your NBA pass to an all sport for $1, people. The fact that you haven't done it yet is kind of upsetting. It hurts me in my heart because, you get your baseball stuff going. If you play baseball I did a poll, like, 30 some odd percent of the people that follow me also play Fantasy Baseball. So go upgrade to the All Sport, and then you get all of our stuff. Alright. See you guys likely on Monday. Don't think there'll be a show tomorrow. So, again, I'll, talk to you over on Twitter. I'll see you Monday. I'm Dan. I'm out.