Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. To this day, I haven't decided if I wanna just let that music roll out or if I wanna start talking over it. There's a complicating factor, people, in that when I edit this audio down for the recorded side of the pod, the non YouTube listeners, there's a bumper music that's the same song that edits onto the front end. And so if that's playing in the background on the YouTube audio, the same song plays twice at different points. Whatever. Nobody cares. Welcome to Fantasy NBA Today, everyone. It is, I'm pretty sure, Wednesday, 6 days from the start of the NBA season. I'm your host here on Fantasy NBA Today, Danvers, and I am joined by the founder of sports ethos, the big dog, Aaron Bruschi. Brew, good it's day it's daytime. Good day to you. I'm hello. Hi, everybody. Sorry in advance for my voice. I've been barking at people. Woof. Woof. Barking Did you all day every day. Have you watched, I know people kill us for this, but I don't care. We're talking about it's a TV show at the beginning of the pod. We got plenty of fantasy basketball to get to. If you are frustrated by like miscellany, just fast forward a little. Like, I Grown ups. I yeah. It's like I get it. Like yeah. Can we be a little grown up about it? Just fast forward. You you could either wait 5 minutes or you could fast forward. Yeah. Just fast forward. I'm not offended. I mean, if you're watching it live, aren't you? Yeah. I I'm a good good with it. Yeah. Doesn't bother me. I mean, podcast advertisers, they know you're doing it. Yeah. That's why they want mid roll, man. Nobody wants you to advertise for them right out of the chute. That does they don't want that. They want it right in the middle when you're in the meat of it. By the way, Aaron is on Twitter at Aaron Bruski. The website, sportsethos.com. Ethosfantasybk on social. Go check that out immediately. And as I just said, nobody wants to do a promo at the beginning because nobody's listening. I'm gonna do one anyway. Go check out the Fantasy Pass over at Sports Ethos. It's got the b 150. It's got projections. It's got a draft tracker tool. It's got panda sleepers in it now. That bad boy is outfitted. Gotta loosen the belt buckle. There's so much in that dummy, and it's $6 a month. All Sport also includes football and baseball. That's an excellent one. But for it. That's right. And that's going up. Favorite one right now. Well, you might as well you might as well win basketball and football and baseball. Yeah. I mean, I think they're fun too. Baseball's fun. Baseball's somebody telling me what to do. That's the OG fan. Do it. Like, Joe or Rico. That's the original flame, man. Football. You all play football. Somebody's dragging you into a football draft. I I still get dragged into football drafts. I know. I dodged it this year. So, yeah, get the all sport. I mean, that's a stupidly low price. That's true. Some of you watching this live. It's 8. A lot of people watching this after the fact. It may have already gone up to 9. Whatever. Get it fast. Don't wait to watch and listen to our shows. That's the lesson here. The thing I was gonna ask you, Brew, by the way, have you watched shrinking on Apple TV? No. I haven't watched anything. I'm stuck in the middle of, Better Call Saul. Oh. I've been there for a while. I'm actually say anything? No. No. No. I'm not I'm not gonna because I am also so that show had, I think, 3 or 4 seasons before Riders Strike, like, a few years back, not the one that just ended. And there was a gap between 45, maybe. I might be getting that wrong. Someone a writer out there is gonna yell at me, and and I deserve it. But I'm just finally cycling back through that one too. You and I are both watching Better Call Saul way the hell after the fact. This is lovely. Well yeah. So, so at my house, we got a a tenant unit, and, this is tenant. You know, got a couple beers in her the other day and started lipping off about Better Call Saul. I was like, wait, lady. Wait. Nothing you say. I will completely immediately know, and I think I know it. And I don't even know it because you're in the middle of it right now. So who knows? Somebody up there could be in the middle of it. Anything I say will tip you off. Yeah. I don't tip me off and see. I'm just gonna shut up. I don't wanna say anything. No. Nope. Nothing at all. Done. No. I'm talking about it. It's all good, man. That's all. Yeah. You're good. Leave it at that. Lay ladies man 420 who wants to be mad at us. You know? I'm just fun. I hope that that's Tim Meadows. Talk, by the way. Fantasy basketball. Alright. So let's navigate a draft. Ladies man 420? Yeah. I thought you were talking about the ladies man. I'm not gonna get sidetracked by a ladies man discussion because you know that's my thing with Boggs man. Me and Boggs, man, we go back and forth on ladies man. I believe it if I believe it when I see it that you can stop talking about the ladies I can't, man. I love that. I love that. Called fish sandwiches. So you don't want a fish sandwich? Goddamn it. We did it anyway. Alright. Okay. So here's what we're getting into on today's show. How to navigate a draft. This is a big big picture item that I think a lot of folks are actually struggling with. It's something that experts, novices, each have different areas where they scuffle on draft days. And so in my mind, I was trying to go through, okay, what are the things that I struggled with when I was first starting out? What are things that I'm struggling with right now? Brew, I'm sure there are 1 or 2 things that even you're, like, trying to knock on the side of your head. Like, don't do that thing that always gets in there. I'll tell everybody the thing that I struggle with right now is specifically when I'm drafting anywhere near the end of a round. I know I'm getting, like, right into the weeds quickly here, but I I want people to know you're not alone with things. If I'm near a turn, front or back end turn on on a snake draft, I struggle with this idea of, well, if I take this guy here, he doesn't have the amount of value that I'm used to getting if I take him in the middle of a round. But sometimes you just have to be comfortable slicing off 6 slots of perceived value if it's a player you believe is out in front of where you have them. And I I still struggle with that. I get to my turn or I get to my pair of selections in these drafts, and I'm like, I don't wanna take that guy because I prefer to take him at 44 or something like that. And it's my pick at 36, 37. And on principle, I'm not gonna do it. But that's dumb. Right? Tell me I'm dumb. You have carte blanche. But when you say based on principle, it was immediately dumb. Mhmm. But if you do it based on principle It's dumb. That's dumb. Yeah. But I know I'm being dumb. Look, I mean, drafting on the the ends, it's very difficult. I don't like it. I think it's that's why auction drafts are great. For that specific issue, I I really I think the only silver lining there is you do get a degree of control over how you go about that second pick. Because you get to really if you're the second to last pick, near the end, it just kinda really sucks. But if you've got 1 or 2 GMs on the outside of you heading into that turn, you can look at their, lineups and determine, you know, have they gone just gone so on centers, and then you're looking at a center, and you're like, okay. Well, I shouldn't take that center first. I'll take that center second because they don't need a center. Pretty easy stuff right there. You do gotta take your shots. And and I think in that spot more than anything, you really do gotta game out your draft. Like, you gotta understand what the where the pockets of value are. And and that's something I'm probably 30 drafts deep now, you know, of drafts I actually care about. And by the way, the draft tracker's amazing. I've done 1. No way. By the way. Hell I'd have been able You've done 30, and I've done 1. Oh. I know. Wow. I know. It was yesterday. It was a keeper draft. Doing over there? It was a keeper draft. I draft as close as I can to the start of the season. I know you have really important ones around that time as well. So it you know, stuff comes up, guys get hurt. I think who Jared Allen is gonna miss the beginning of the season. Right? Isn't that a thing? Like, these are why you draft late? Yeah. He might be back. I think I Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, it doesn't matter. That's not even the main point there. What about you? Let me start with you on this one, and then we'll go to sort of the laundry list. Is there something that you even after multiple decades of this, of being an analyst of, like, staring at this stuff all day, all night, every day, and doing you're probably almost into the thousands of drafts if you not might actually be in the thousands of fantasy drafts. What do you still struggle with? Steals. Steals? Constantly. That's weird. Why? Joke. I mean, because yeah. No. I mean, I think the market doesn't understand the value of steals. They're everywhere. I mean, so basically, I end up playing against myself so much because at some point in time, steals will be there. And so when you're looking in terms of pure value, sometimes you're gonna end up taking somebody a little bit later, or or or taking a guy that you have ranked lower, you know, x you have a lower expectation for, however you wanna put it, and you're taking them because you know you're gonna get those steals later. And it took me forever to really stop doing that. I still do it, and that and and I I find myself drafting these kind of weird inverse, you know, inverse team is where they're completely not who I think is the best at that draft slot. And it's fine because I know that I'm gonna get those deals. So if we're measuring in terms of pure value, yeah, I'm gonna take a little bit of a loss on that stuff. But if you do it the other way and and and you're gonna lap the field in steals or, you know, win by some stupid amount, you're also not doing it right that way. So that's that's my personal thing, and I think that's more a function of the market, you know, and and of anything than anything else. If these guys were correctly ranked, then I wouldn't have that problem. So that's a big one. And then league settings. That's absolutely everything. Positionality, 1 center versus 2 centers. That's I think the first thing you gotta look at in a draft. Is is it 1 center or 2 centers? I see a lot of people banging on on 2 center leads. I actually like it. I think it it creates a scarcity and it creates a need to make a choice early on in a draft. Am I gonna take care of this? Or am I gonna look at this list of centers that I have that I know I can get late and and rely on that. Yeah. And if you And that's been something I've been kinda going back on. Yeah. I was gonna say because, like Yeah. You guys can yourself out to dry that way. Well, if you don't get them, you're you're screwed. There isn't there isn't a way to come back from that. If you get to the end, you're like, oh, crap. I didn't get the 2 I needed. That's well And and centers are interesting. Yeah. Go ahead. Because it's like on one hand, if you can nail down centers, it helps your team so much in in so many different ways. So they and especially in a 2 center format. And and I think it's even true in a one center format because it just depends on settings, of course, but, like, big man stats are good, is the summary of the point. High field goal percentage, good blocks, good boards, and then if you're not killing yourself on free throws, this solves so many problems for your team. So even in a one center format, if you can get power forwards who do that, you know, or whatever the case may be, I've always found that that that's a, it's a good thing for your team. Now is that gonna help you when, say, that that kind of player is not available or shouldn't be taken, I should say, in, like, until, like, the 50, 60, 70 range? And and you're sitting there and you're like, well, you know, I got this player. He's like a top 30 guy. You know? Should I go for a center, nail this thing down, get the right stat set that I would like, and leave this 30 on the table here. You know, this this 30 ranked player on the table. And that's the in and out of the draft that I think is fascinating whether it's a snake draft or it's an auction draft. You just constantly are being put on some very strategic decisions in real time. With a fast clock, interesting things happen. Again, the draft tracker, like, without a tool like that, I don't know how you compete. And and in this case, with the draft tracker I have that we have, I should say, you can go so fast with it. Like and that's so important. If you've got a clock that's a 62nd clock, I mean, some people get crazy and take that thing down even lower. To keep up with what's going on, you gotta have a fast tool. You don't you you can't have something that's gonna be, you know, taken 5 years to reload. You you can't have to be, like, scrolling up and down the page, doing all this crazy stuff, you know, data all over the place. You you need something that's quick and succinct, and then you can start to zig when when others zag. I mean, great example I think was in a draft. I'm drafting with what I would call an intermediate league. And the guy that I haven't taken anywhere, and I think he's a good player, Jacob Pearl. You know, I'm on the turn, you know, so cool. That sucks, but whatever. And I'm sitting there looking at my team, and I'm like, I got so much free throw advantage right now, and I need rebounds so bad, and everything else is great. You know, it's gravy. Man, I'm gonna take Jacob Pirtle for the first time this season, because I know I got 5 guys behind him that I can take in the in the coming rounds and, you know, they're all very high highly valued. So you make a decision on the fly. I'm gonna take a guy that he's not ranked as high as the other guys. I don't particularly like him, you know, because of the free throw issues, you know, in a lot of drafts. But here I am, I'm taking him. And and you just gotta zig when when you need to zig and zag, when you need to zag. And, I I think, strategically, just kinda gotta be looking at what's the value in each category. What do you have? And it's just shifting all over the place. So that actually takes me to one of the, questions that I think probably is useful for both novice and intermediate, maybe even expert players as well, is, at what point in a fantasy draft are you now starting to look at more specific team needs versus just strictly higher ranked player? You said Jaka Pearl, he's going in the seventies in a lot of drafts. Is that the time to start filling in the gaps on your team, or is it earlier on? One of the greatest I know this is just like a walking ad for the draft tracker, but, seriously, it's it's been a game changer for me personally. I I I answer usually about 10 drafts a year, and and this year and I even got medical issues that keep me off a keyboard. I'm in, like, 30 this year. And and then I and I I took it on because I was like, I can. You know? This thing's allowing me to do that. To answer your question, the thing will it's got a bunch of different settings. One of them is you can have it set it to show totals for the entire year. So yeah. Okay. 6th round, 7th round, I've made my plays. They've all kind of been let's just say they were by the book, and they were all great plays or whatever, you know. I feel great about it. Then you look at your team and you're like, man, I'm gonna get a 1 in rebounds if I don't do something about it. You know, if you're head to head and you intend to punt rebounds, whatever it might be, that's another story, you know, that's a strategy. But a lot of times, 5 or 6 players come off the board. You did a good thing. You got what would be 5 or 6 top 30 players, you know? You're just kicking ass. Great job. Now what? Are you gonna just throw this thing off the rails because you didn't get ahead of the the need for your team when you could make a difference? And and and how you know when you're looking at totals. Say you're just completely down in rebounds. So just keep using that as the example, and and you're, like, looking at these totals, and you're, like, man, there's, like, 3 or 4 guys on the board that get over 300 rebounds in a season. And everybody else is getting less than that or they're all really bunched up at these super low numbers, and you're like and there's only, like, 5 guys left in the draft that can actually deal with this deficiency I have. Then you go, alright. 3 of these guys, I know I can get round 12, whatever. You know? So I those they're my safety blanket. These 2 guys, I gotta make a choice. I either gotta go on them right now, or I'm looking at the other side of the equation, and this tool will will bring all the players that you should be looking at right up into your line of sight. And it's like, are those guys worth it to pass up on what might be my only chance to effectively win this league. Because if you're gonna go down heavy in a category and get a one in it, you might as well have been punting it from the beginning. And so you do need to, look at it almost existentially in round 6 or 7 or 8 if you do end up you did a good thing, you drafted all the right guys, but for whatever reason, the deficiencies are what they are, and you only have 2 rounds to address them because it's impossible after that point to do so. And a tool like the draft tracker just makes it stupid easy to see where the where the lines are, where the cut lines are, so to speak, in your decision making process. So you're just evaluating at that point. Can I sneak in another high value guy, or do I gotta go for the thing that absolutely matters right now? So it's, that's why I love this sport. You know? Let me, constantly fluctuating based on who people draft. Let me dial you back a little bit earlier in the draft even. One of the things that I know comes up in this same discussion is after, like, 2 rounds or even after one round, you can have sort of a, wonky view of how your team stacks up against others because, like, whatever you get in the 1st round and the 2nd round, you're gonna be very, very good in in however many categories. And, like, it does feel like the days of traditional big small pairing in the 1st 2nd round are kind of over. Well, maybe I should ask you about that. Is that over now? Because there's, like who who like, Joel Embiid is your traditional big in the first, and it still exists? And he's shooting threes and Right. Yeah. It's what makes sense. I think I get I get I I get I get questions about it all the time. I get people asking me, should I pair this guy with this guy? I'd say half of the questions I think are are good questions in the sense that they are actually the right question to be asking. The other half are to me, like, no. I I just take the best player, you know, because whatever whatever you're thinking here is not, you know, the juice isn't worth the squeeze on whatever your idea is. But yeah. No. It's you you find people are doing that, and then you just have to know what is what. Like, sometimes, like, you get 2 of the highest assist players in the league. Yeah. You're probably okay in that category the rest of the way. You get 2 of the highest block guys early on, you might be good the rest of the way. You need to to really think about, you know, how that all stacks up. And and it I don't know if it comes into play with, like, your 3rd or your 4th selection, but it definitely comes into play soon. And if you don't have some degree of of knowledge about what you're doing at that point in time, you will end up wasting value. So it's it's just about not wasting value and and tracking where you're at between the categories. That's that's the way that you you keep from doing that. And then you can even find more pockets of value once you get to that spot. Because you might take a guy that's got a pretty high ADP. It's not somebody you would normally take. And then you're gonna get the guy that you had highly ranked after that. And it's maybe not a move you you would have made if you weren't open to the idea of taking somebody who you had had ranked lower. That kinda comes back to that ego thing. It's like, okay. I think this guy's better. I think he's got a better value. I've got him ranked higher than the b 150. Man, this player right here, you know, man, I gotta take him like 10 slots early over ADP. That's that's, like, embarrassing. You know? I'm supposed to do that the other way. Like, that's the key to my team right there. So you really got and it's happening so fast. You have to be able to, kinda check yourself and be like, yeah. No. I'm gonna take Bobby Portis. No. You know? Bobby Portis. Why? Just sitting there. You know, he's got his 1 30 80 p or whatever. And I'm like, man, I'm gonna take this guy at 110. Just because that's the one that Of course. If it slips through yeah. Fair enough. Okay. Let me ask you more. Yeah. At that at that stage of the draft, you might need his rebounds. So for novices, let me because I think some of the stuff we're covering right now is is a little more intermediate and expert understanding, like, how value works and where you attack certain guys. Let's say we're more of a novice level player, kinda getting in and trying to make sure that they have a good draft. Is it more important for a novice player to win the draft or to not screw it completely up? Because I think the answer might be the latter. Mhmm. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Who are they playing against? Let's say it's mostly other novices? Yeah. Novices, maybe a couple intermediates floating around in there. Do they have the draft tracker? Do they have the b 150? The novice That's a serious question because, like Yeah. Get some help. That's Facebook. Reason being, if you if you yeah. You know, if you have a draft list, that's good. You know, if you're if you're a novice walking into like, let's say, if you're a novice and you just got a list from a big box site, I don't know. I would I would think you you might be, like, okay. So, the idea that you can just not screw it up, what does that mean? That means, like, don't draft injury prone dude Pretty much. That we know is going to fall apart. You know, don't draft head case guy who's guaranteed to blow it. Gee. I wonder who he could be talking about. Yeah. Basically, I think that's I think that does sort of sum up the question a little bit. Should it should someone just learning I mean, presumably, if they're brand new, they're gonna be competing against someone with a little bit more experience than them, but it does feel like they shouldn't dive straight into the deep end. I I would go off the top of the list and I mean, if you have a draft tracker, then you can at least just if I tell you this one thing, watch the steals. That's your thing. Watch the steal because they'll they they're available. They're everywhere. So are you saying wait on them then? Make sure I'm understanding this right. I'm saying just keep an eye on it. Like, if you're if you're gonna lap the field in that category, it's too much. I think as a novice, if you take one thing from this sort of kinda wonky discussion, take that one thing. If if you're trying to not draft injury prone players, maybe look at our our draft guide and get a sense for who those guys are before you go into draft and put a little mark on your sheet, you know, before them. If you have a b 150, you know, or some good rank list, I don't I don't know what, you know, that might be, but, like, then I think you can just go from the top of the list and and risk be damned. Like, take an injury prone guy because you're gonna have other players that back him up. Do you do you there's been, man, I've been trying to push back on this on on social a little bit. By the way, talking to Aaron Bruschi at Aaron Bruschi on social, there's been a push to, I think, look and you and I have talked about this a little bit on a previous show, but I think this is actually relevant for both intermediate or both novice and intermediate. Maybe not as much for expert level players, so they probably already know how they feel about it. And I don't know that you and I yelling at them is gonna change it either way. I think there's been a push lately to not look at Total's ranks as much, and I I just I feel like folks have tried to oversimplify fantasy in a way that doesn't actually work. Because anybody that's listened to to my show for the last half decade knows my number one job, I'm trying to make fantasy basketball a little bit easier for people listening. Here is the we I get it. We don't all have 2, 3, 400 hours. This is what analysts we're spending our time on. So, hopefully, you don't have to, basically. Let me present this to you in a way that is, easy for your brain to process. We're gonna try to go find values in a way that doesn't require you to do 9,000 hours of digging. But so I get it on paper, the idea of trying to simplify the way that we look at these things. But I just don't think that's a way that's reasonable to do. I think that totals make a lot of sense in certain areas, and per game makes sense in certain areas as well where you can kinda look at 1 or the other or both. What does a novice or intermediate Fantasy player need to know when they're looking at totals ranks per game ranks? Is it as simple as is this guy injury prone or not, or is there more going on than that? Yeah. I think it's is it are they injury prone or not? That question is sort of the difference in a nutshell between a per game and a totals rank. And and it's I mean, if you're looking at a novice and and trying to help them be better, kind of thinking of a of a guy. I can't remember his name. I can, but I can't say it. His, philosophy was he just takes freaking good players. Like, you know, I'm I'm misplacing a word there. What he meant by that is kinda like stats be damned. I just want the best players out there. So that's a that's a piece of advice that it's not optimizing the the assets at all. But it is a pretty good piece of advice in the sense that, you know, if you're if you look at 9 categories or 8 categories, and you're just like, woah, this is too much. You know, you could come back to that. You know, pick good players. I know breaking news. You know, on the show is, you pick good players and and you win. But, yeah. No. I don't know why there's a pushback against totals, like, even in a head to head league. This is what we talked about the other show. It's like, so we're gonna say that this per game rank is is, more relevant in week 22 versus week 23 versus week 24 versus week 21 versus week 20. Okay. I mean, we're just guessing, right, at this point? Oh, hey. I got a great way to incorporate a guess into some sort of valuation method. How much does the guy play? How much does he stay on the floor? Yeah. It matters. Oh, yeah. Total's rank. Do you That sounds amazing. Brew, do you total's rank. Brew, do you agree with me that it's not a a hard line or anything, like but there is some spot along the path between player rank number 1 and player rank number 200 where the pendulum swings more towards the per game side. Like, I think I would for me, I think I would rather have, a guy who's a little bit more injury prone, who's, like, the number 65 ranked player versus a very durable guy putting up a 100 range type of production on a game to game basis. But as you look more towards the front end of a draft for me, like, the guy who's the number 4 per game guy versus the guy who's, like, the number 12 per game guy, if your number 12 dude is playing 10, 11, whatever extra games, at the end of the year, that guy ends up being more valuable. So then totals become the more relevant ranking. Do you have any idea of where that that pendulum swing is? I think for me, it's somewhere, like, between 60a100. Yeah. This is also flat. Yeah. League size cap. I know you play a lot of games cap leagues. Like, so games cap versus just straight up, you know, let her rip. You you can have a higher, requirements of value for a guy to be effective in your league. So you're looking at, hey, a 100 is not working for me. 75 is my cut line. And so when you're talking about ads and drops, that stuff matters, you know. I I think I've been trying to spearhead that movement for years is tell me what you're talking about when we're talking about ads and drops, you know? There's a there's a lot of different formats and a lot of different, you know, specifics that matter there. I think the cut line on this discussion is basically kinda backs into that. It's what's going on with the waiver wire. You know, if I can replace you with 5 other guys, fantasy basketball industry discussion here. If I can replace you with a bazillion players, then, yeah, give me the guy who's got, like, no knees, but if he plays for 15 games, you know, then they're gonna be spectacular. What if he happens to play 60 or 70? You know? Give me that guy. And, generally in drafts, that's kinda happening after a 100, you know, depending on the size. Yeah. That makes sense. Hunting upside, and it's always it's question of the the probably the last piece of this is, what does it do to your roster decisions to have risky or injury prone or longer developing players on your bench? Yeah. That's actually one of my questions, by the way. You'd you'd you'd take in the next segment and rolling it right in. Go for it. Have at it. Sweet. It's it's what is it doing to your your decision making to have to you know, maybe you got a guy that you're playing for 3 games a week, and you don't want that, you know, because you have player x on a bench who's who's gotta wait and get better or whatever the situation may be. And you might find that not this year, but, like, a Monty Morris of of yesteryear, you know, who's just hanging around 120, 150, but he's he's reliable, and he's just gonna be there, and you know what he's gonna give you. That might actually play better, you know, than the than the the snazzy young player that's just not there yet. What about about all that stuff. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to jump in on you there. I thought, I thought I I thought I caught the end of the sentence, but I think we might have about a one second lag on this one. What about this year specific to the board? I don't wanna get into individual players necessarily, but just the way the board is constructed in for instance, the, the industry mock the Fantasy NBA Today industry mock, the, I think, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. I think there were 7 centers that came off the board in the first four rounds combined, which, by the way, that's quite low for a year where everybody's talking about how many centers there are. But then, to no one's surprise, I think there were something like 12 that came off in the next 3 rounds. So things like that, Brew, now that you've done 30 drafts, what sort of draft arc do you think makes sense this year? Should folks be trying to target guard stats early with the exception of a few, you know, centers, Jokic, Embiid, guys like that that are obviously gonna go at the top of drafts? Is there a right or wrong strategy? Like, if you get your bigs early, now you don't have to be a part of that run-in the middle rounds? I know there's so many ways to skin a cap, but what feels like this sort of path of least resistance is the way I'll frame it for this season in terms of how to collect your stats? So I think with, like, 1 center versus 2 center leagues, I almost find the question somewhat irrelevant in the sense that you still need to win those big man stat categories, whether or not you're using them out of a utility slot, or maybe they also qualify a power forward. So how it's it's basic roster construction. You know, I've played in a couple of leagues that have 0 position requirements, and they're just like, how about it? Just 10 starters. The way you want. Ten utility slots? Just 10 starters and you Wow. Yeah. Exactly. And and that's one way to skin a cat, but it's like I I like position eligibility because I think that it weeds out people. You know? You can take advantage of it and, you know, sort of sort of the who who works the hardest will win, blah blah blah. Yeah. If you don't have position eligibility, doesn't that really, lend itself to hard punting? Because someone will just take, like, 14 point guards. If it works? Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. If it works. I mean, that's the key question is is what can you actually pull off, you know, with that strategy? But yeah. No. I I think with the center question, it's a it's a fun one because you kinda have to ask that question at every stage minus, like, 1st, 2nd, 3rd round. I think you're at that stage, you're taking the player you like. Kind of maybe that's a question that's a tie breaker tie breaker kind of question. Say you got 4 guys that are available that would be on your short list of players. You view them all equally. 1 of them has center eligibility, like, that's the guy because I wanna get the center thing out of the way. Another thing, there are a lot of guards out there just flat out. There's just a ton of guard stats. I don't wanna say that it's like you can just sit there and wait on it. I don't think you can do that. I wouldn't say that the problem is that pronounced, but there are a lot of guard stats out there. And then, necessarily, I think the forwards market is kinda annually a little bit dry. And it it it's the same situation with forwards and centers. It's like, okay. Do I wanna get really crushed in either of these areas? And if not, okay. I gotta take somebody who's lower valued than I would have wanted to take. You know, I'm not winning by 3 rounds on this guy, but it gets me out of a problem of having to pick from the bottom of the bucket later on with these guys, and how much do I like the back end players in those buckets? So you you're coming across a player that might alleviate the pressure in those areas. Maybe gotta take them early. Maybe I've got, you know, like, Drew Holiday, you know, staring me in the face, you know, at some very advantageous place to selection, you know, selective. I got another guard just sitting there waiting. And it's like, I don't know if I wanna do that because I, a, don't wanna wait on the players that I consider in the the bottom, you know, the back end of of a bucket. And and you just kinda constantly cross reference that. Is this player who could solve this need, are they reliable? You know? If I'm gonna take a haircut on this, are they reliable? Are they going to have an upward trajectory? Or is this, like, very risky? You know? And if it was very risky and I didn't like the player nods, take another you know, give me another garter forward, you know, or whatever the case may be. That's why this sport is great. I mean, out of 30 drafts, every single one of them has been different. Do you see well, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get the same. Yeah. No. While certain things remain the same, every draft's been different. Do you and and this is gonna be a a hard one. I'm trying not to I'm trying my best to ask this question without, putting anything out into the universe. First of all, people, you guys need to go get the b 150 if that wasn't immediately evident. It is the list that has dominated the industry for what are we at now? Like, 15 years? When did you start the b 150 at, NBC slash RotoWorld? It was just RotoWorld back then. Yeah. It was, 8? No. 2009? So we're It was 2009. So we're approaching 15 years. 2009, 2010? There are a lot of other top 150 lists floating around out there. If anybody wants to know where that started actually, was it Evan on the football side? No. Yeah. It was Evan. Yeah. Evan was the the inspiration for it. Yeah. And, thank you, Evan. Evan was one of the greatest. He's, a He gets it. Well, those guys already t r. He gets it a plus for the show. Yeah. The OG. I just You know what I love about that crew over there, they're all the old Roto World crew. And and even the ones that moved on to the TV and all that. Everybody just worked their butts off. And they just weren't, like, in it for the whatever, you know, 3 seconds of YouTube fame or Hey. We're on YouTube right now. Oh, this is YouTube? I thought we were just talking to each other. No. That is how these usually go. No. I love those guys. And, yeah. 11 the 150 was an Evan thing, and then I was like, no. I should do one for basketball. Yeah. The first one I looked at it the other day, it was so it was like just the smallest amount of not work, but, like, you know, it's just like this rickety thing. You looked at your first one? Yeah. Way back in the day. Oh my god. List of players. Can we see it? List of players, and I'm like, I wouldn't I Do you have it? Oh my god. This would be the most amazing Easter egg ever. The first v 150? I'll I I Please dig it up, and I will put it at, like, the very end of a future YouTube video, And it'll just be this special prize for anybody who makes it all the way to the end of me yelling into the void for 45 minutes because that's my existence for the most part. Okay. So, wait, the question I was you don't need to find it right now. The question I was gonna ask before I realized You sent me on a journey, man. I know. But I like this. That I really wanna see the first b 150. I think that'd be absolutely freaking amazing. So the reason I prefaced it with all of this was I don't wanna try to get you to say, like, who the targets are that you're doing at the end. Folks need to go get the b 150 if they want those. But do you find that there's a particular category or a few that is easier to get in the very late rounds? Is steals, I think you said, was one of them. Are there others that you feel like you can make up easier at the end of a draft, meaning things that you'd need to be more concerned with earlier and middle? Because, personally, I'll throw my own think you can make up. Yeah. Yeah. Go yeah. Let's do yours. I was gonna say, personally, I found that after you pass, there are a couple of interesting centers at, like, between a 100 and a110 and ADP boards. Once you get past those, you get into some real boring plotter types, which, I mean, sometimes I can handle it. But, like, you don't wanna find yourself in a situation where you need to draft Steven Adams in a non punt free throw team. So I found centers to be a really weird position this year, because there are a ton between, like, 40 a 105. And there's just a few at the beginning and, like, none at the very, very, very end. What's that sort of how's that how does that I wanna say arc again, but I already used that expression earlier on. What is it do you find that's kinda hard to to squeeze out at the very end? Giggity. I think percentages are are it's so funny because so many people just fade percentages in every respect. They're like, don't care. It's not a thing. Don't need them. Whatever. You know, I'm punting this or or a player that's, you know, good in percentages but kinda bad everywhere else. They're like, nah. That player's not worth anything. Percentages though, as you get to the the bottom of your draft and the back ends of your rosters, like, players just simply aren't gonna play enough to impact your percentages. So at the end, if you're chasing there, you're chasing. You know? You're you're you're you're kinda screwed there. But I think the traditional ones are I I think steels are available and that's that's just a it's more of a take on the market itself. But, you know, a lot of years threes are available late. I've been noticing that they haven't been as available late this year compared to previous years. So I would I I would I'm more interested in looking at that deeper, but but it's usually it's the points, it's the assists, and the and and typically the blocks. So those three things, and, you know, it's been interesting. Conversely, this year, I've been able to find those late. Mhmm. More so than previous years. They're not there. You know, it's not just, like, sitting there waiting to be had. I mean, some years, it feels like after, like, round 9 or 10, you can't get a point and you can't get an assist. Yeah. Just flat out. There's a couple of them this year. You can't do it. Yeah. You gotta I don't know. I mean You gotta be comfortable going old as dirt with a few of those things, but nobody nobody wants to walk down that path with me. There you know what, man? There are a lot of values late. I I'm drafting into the 2 twenties right now, 2 thirties, 2 forties with guys that are hitting, like, a 130, 140, 150 rank. Guess what's coming up, everybody? That you gave me a perfect segue. 30 deep is coming up, bru. 30 deep's coming up. Yes. That's the heavy hitters, man. I know. I'm excited. Can we, you know what I'm not excited about is freaking Mike Pandora. Oh my god. He says that tongue in cheek, though. Panda is our has long been our secret weapon here at Sports Ethos. 2 time winner in, what, 5 years? He's destroying that damn league, and and he beat me in the finals. He gotta keep reminding me of that. He does the best player previews in the industry, and it's so not even close. Yeah. It's not close. Any player preview written anywhere else is never gonna be as good as what Panda does. So he's just 500 players deep. And that's why he wins 30 deep, because the rest of us are digging around at pick 340. He's like, this is my guy. This is my guy. This is my guy. And he and I share intel, so it's like there's no secrets between the 2 of us. And and it's so it's like it's really fresh. I'm sure he has the same thoughts. It's like, I just know when Panda's got 2 picks between me and whoever I go, there's 2 Yeah. You're not off the board. Yeah. You're not gonna get your guy. Just guaranteed. No. And and we're talking in the the context of 30. Did you know there are, like, 30 picks or 50 picks even? You know, they're gonna happen between the time you go and you get your next pick. And so I mean, you know that going into it. I'm like, thinking if not for Panda, I'm gonna get this player. And every single year, he just snakes me. It's terrible. And he won again. And then he wins. And then he wins. Yeah. Aw. I really thought I had last year. I think he's gonna need to go too far down that rabbit hole. It makes me feel sad again that I got to the finals and lost to Panda. Panda. That's coming up. That's gonna be fun. You've got your I know you don't wanna talk about it too much, but you've got your big leagues coming up this weekend. Right? Yeah. Yeah. High stakes leagues. And again, literally, the draft tracker has opened it up for me to be able to be in more drafts than I've ever been in. So it's exciting. I love it. I feel like I've, you know, you you you prepare for a test and you know you're ready and you're not even worried about it. You just go in, you're gonna take the test, you know, walk out, you just know you did a good job. So that's a feel right now. Andre Lemos, amazing, you know, just asset for this team in general, but working with him on this stuff, as discussed in in previous shows, being able to rely on him for the data entry, but also the basketball analysis. He and I have been able to bounce all sorts of ideas that we would have just never gotten to, if I was doing it on my own. And, yeah. No. I feel like every stone's been turned. It's good. We're ready. I love it. Any other thoughts on helping a novice navigate a draft before we, put a little bow on this bad boy? You gotta have a draft tracker. I mean, that's just outside of that. I would say, if you've got a good list, see if you can invest in some nonguards early because you're gonna get good guards no matter what. So if you got a tiebreaker, go with nonguards. Yeah. I'm actually inclined to agree because that does sort of fall into what I was saying after pick whatever. What did I say? A 110, 115? The number of centers is a little tougher at that point, but there are I've found guards in almost almost all of my, late grabs, even ones that people hate. Old guys, young guys, the whole thing. They all end up being guards and wings at the end. So, yeah, I think I'm I think I'm very much on board with that as well. Frenzia is the wonderful, the magnificent, the svelte, skinny as all damn hell, Aaron Bruschi on the other end of this thing. Do you even recognize yourself when you look at the YouTube videos after we've recorded them? Nope. Nope. I get I get I get a lot of concerned people, you know, that they think I've lost too much weight. Yeah. I mean, you need one grandmother I was talking with earlier today. Do you need me to be your Jewish grandmother? Really. Baby. Yeah. I didn't know she was Jewish until you just mentioned it. But I thought I could've I I thought Oh, wait. I I hear her again. Yeah. She's back. Where she It's fine. She usually ends most of her sentences with do it for mama. Whenever people are gonna get that reference. Not as many as I wished. Oh, well, you look good, big guy. You look you look clean. You look ready to rumble. Thank you. Yeah. He is the spelled Aaron Bruski. At Aaron Bruski, b r u s k I. I know people butcher that plenty. I am at Dan Besperis. This is Fantasy NBA Today and the Sports Ethos YouTube page. Please take a moment to like, rate, subscribe. You guys know the drill at this point. Brew, you and I doing this one more time before the season starts, or are we hopping on after we see the first crazy you know what action? We we gotta get that figured out, and we gotta get the, the secret show. Secret show. This is real. He's not joking about that. We do need to figure that damn thing out. I can't wait for this. This is this is why you had a fantasy pass. The same fantasy pass secret show. Email list secret show. I have a great Wednesday, question mark. I'm Ron Burgundy. It's Wednesday. I got it. It's all figured out. Basketball in 6 days. Later, everybody.