Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I told you it's a 2 for Tuesday. Didn't make you wait very long between episodes. Welcome to episode 2 on this delightful Tuesday morning. Back to back. We did our 1st buy low, sell high show earlier today with Rafael Johnson. That was fun. Hopefully, we can do some more of those, as the season progresses. This is our Monday recap show. I'd like to say it's a Tuesday look ahead show, but there are no games tonight. It's election day in a lot of spots. I didn't get any ballot, so I guess it's not election day for me. But, hey, go vote if you're in an area where there's a vote happening right now. NBA taking this, 1st Tuesday off in November annually, I think, is actually a really good idea. It's cool. I think it's cool. Honestly, I think everybody should have election day off, but we'll see. Doesn't seem but it's crazy. Like, you have to try to wedge it in around all the other crap that you're trying to do on a given day. I don't care your background, who you're voting for, whatever. You have the day off. Look at all these other random days off during the year. Why not this one where there's an actual, like, directed thing to do? Well, the NBA did it. But lucky for us, we got a whole lot of Monday recap stuff to go over, like, a lot a lot. It was a very big Monday. Forget big Wednesday. Big Wednesday is so 2,020. Oh, wait. Sorry. You're telling me what now? What's that fake producer that does not exist talking in my ear? There are 14 games tomorrow? Oh, okay. So Wednesday's still big? Okay. Roger that. So there were only 12 games on Monday, but we're gonna go over them. Welcome to the show. Again, this is Fantasy NBA Today. Show 2 of 2. I am at Dan Vesperis. That's the my location. If where are you at? I am at here, Dan Vespris, d a n b e s b r I s over on social media. I expect you all will find me over there because I am a bit of an addict. Social media is so damn important for fantasy basketball players. So important. Because, like, legitimately, while we're on air on most of these shows, news is breaking about what players are out and for how long. There's there's just there's no time where NBA news isn't happening. And, yeah, I mean, like, this morning, sure. I'm doing back to back podcast. So if, yeah, as news breaks over the last 2 hours, I can just say it. I can repeat it all to you. But then I'm off air for 20 some odd hours where how am I gonna get you guys the information I need to get you? That's over on social. So definitely come find me over there. If you don't wanna follow 15,000 different people, don't because it's a hellscape. But at Dan Vesperis, at ethos fantasybk to follow the, sports ethos news feed. I'm also quickly here at the front end. I keep forgetting to do this, like, early in the show. I wanna make sure that I get these thoughts to you. I'm throwing the Discord link in the chat room here early, popping that up on screen for folks that are watching on YouTube. It is a good one in the description. I made sure of that this time. Please do come join us in Discord. There are awesome premium services in there for folks that have a Fantasy Pass if you just are a free sports ethos user. There's some really nice just general NBA chatter going on, especially as we add, you know, 15, 20, 30 people to the Discord every day. It just becomes more and more populated with folks who wanna talk about fantasy basketball. And a cool thing that I've seen people do is when they ask a question for even on the free side, they'll put 2 emojis basically for voting on it, and they'll get, you know, 9, 10, 15, 20 replies to it of just other people that are cruising through there, and you can kinda crowdsource some of your fantasy questions. So really cool. A lot of really good ways to use that. I hope that we will see some of you over there. But let's not waste too much time on all this other stuff. It's not a waste, Dan. What are you talking about? It's very, very useful time spent. But let's not spend anymore, waste or not, waste not, want not. Let's talk about fantasy basketball. We're gonna dive right on into it. We'll see how long it takes us to get through this thing. You know, the funny thing is and this is like I don't know if you guys remember this this Conan O'Brien bit. But at the end of it or beginning of every show, he would always say, we got a great show for you guys today. And then he'd sometimes turn if he had Andy Richter on at that point or sometimes he was solo. He'd turn to a producer and say something like, I have to say that. But it's I liked a bit. I thought it was funny. That's kinda how I feel about this one. Like, it was a 12 game Monday, but there were only, like, 2 or 3 things mixed into all those 24 teams that played. So what we're gonna try to do on today's show I'm not gonna cover every damn name on the board. That's just that's too much to do. There are too many names. We're gonna stick to the valuation changes. Okay? So bear with me on that. If you have questions, you could throw them in the chat room. I'll try to lightning round our way through those at the end of the show. But let's go over some of the changes that emerged from yesterday's card. Change number 1 on the Washington Philadelphia side. Philly beat Washington by 18. Wizards are really, really bad. They shot 51%, by the way, and and lost by 18 because and to look this up, the sixers shot 56%. Denny Avdia, another solid ball game. He's been better than I expected. I'm still not like what you'd call a a true Avdia believer, but he's very much good enough to be rostered and played right now. Daniel Gafford was someone that we had talked about on the show as as somebody who you we really hadn't seen play normal minutes in a basketball game yet. And he finally got them, and he posted a really, really strong game. 12.7 boards, 5 blocks. Eventually, Joel Embiid ate him up, but Gafford started strong, and, you know, it's the kind of performance that's gonna earn him more play. He was a minus 4. So was Tyus Jones. So was Kyle Kuzma. So So was Jordan Poole. Actually, the starting lineup for Wizards wasn't that bad in this one. It was a lot of the bench weird configurations that were getting spanked and, you know, ended up being enough to take care of them. But we did finally see a lot of the Wizards crack 30 minutes. Praise the lord. We finally got there. And so then you got a slightly better game out of Jordan Poole. Kuzma has actually been quite good so far. Tyus Jones, 12 points, 6 assists, couple of steals, couple of threes. That's kind of the lines you're hunting for with him. Hopefully, he makes more, than whatever it was, 5 out of his 13 shots, but overall, that seems totally fine. Philly side, the only notable things here, De'Anthony Melton still at just 26 minutes. That's a number that we really need to see get higher. I thought for sure he'd be locked into 28, but he's not even at 27 on the season. He's shooting horribly at 32 and a half percent, 67 at the free throw line. Those are things that are going to come up for him, so he's not gonna stay as bad as he's been. But I'll tell you right now, in this Philly construct, 25, 26 minutes, that's not gonna be enough for Melton. He needs 28. So if he doesn't get there, that's when we start to think about making a move, but I'm gonna give it a little bit longer. Also notable, Nick Batum, 17 brilliant minutes off the bench. He was a plus 30 in his 17 and a half bench minutes. Does that mean he's gonna play a bunch? I doubt it because his body can't handle that. But what it did do was it rendered Kelly Oubre somewhat obsolete yesterday. Oubre only 26 and a half minutes. Only 5 shots was really the key there. He just he they didn't need him gunning. Hold on to Oubre. Let's give this at least another week week and a half to see how it goes. Same story for De'Anthony Melton, and then no other real surprises there. Dallas beat Orlando 1 17, 102. Mavs are off to a really good start this year. I I I admit I didn't have a good feel for the mavericks coming into this season. That's a team that from a a betting standpoint, I pretty much always stay away from, but they've looked good so far. And the Kyrie, Luca connection has been solid. Both guys posted solid games here. Kyrie, ten assists. He's facilitating more than expected. People are complaining about Kyrie, and I think he's ranked in the twenties right now. Like, it's been a kind of a a lackluster start because his shots aren't falling, free throw or field. When they do, life gets really easy for him. It's it's like, otherwise well, I didn't expect 8 assists a game. Well, anyway, Tim Hardaway junior hit 4 more 3 pointers. At some point, the bottom's gonna fall out on this one, but it hasn't happened yet. So you can hang on for dear life if you like. Grant Williams, not as good in this one. He missed some free throws, but overall, kind of the same stuff, which has I don't know why I said it with kind of a a sad tone to my voice. He's number 83 in 9 cat right now. And as long as he's ranked there, he belongs on a team. I know I know you guys are all wondering what the hell happened with Derek Lively. 500016 minutes, that's kinda tough to overcome. Still was okay. It gave Dwight Powell some breathing room. I think typically here with Maxi Kleba out, Lively is the guy they want in the mid to high twenties and minutes. He's a hold. Lively is a hold. On the Orlando side, we came into this ballgame wondering if Goga Bitadze or Moe Wagner was gonna win the center minutes battle with the note I said it on yesterday's podcast that this may end up just kind of a time share, and that's exactly what it was yesterday. Wagner, 26 minutes to Butadze's 22. Previous game, Goga got the high twenties. Moe was at 19 or 20. And I do think that it could flip on a game to game basis. The faster stat set pile up guy between the 2, that was very poorly phrased by me, is Wagner. Moe, 19 points, 5 boards, a steal, a 3 pointer in 26 minutes. If he's seen 24, 25 minutes, he probably gets near the top 100. Right now, it looks like neither one of them belongs on a fantasy team, though. Because if they're really splitting it right down the middle, that means neither one has any real upside. Markelle Fultz was out for another ball game as was Gary Harris, so that allowed Cole Anthony some room to get loose for 19 points, 5 assists to steal a couple of blocks. Good ball game for Cole. I still have this weird fantasy crush on Jalen Suggs. He only played 24 minutes here because his shot wasn't dropping, and he was turning the ball over. Willy nilly is the term I will use on today's show. But he did have 10 points, 4 boards, 7 assists, a 3, a steal, and a block. There's this there's this outline of fantasy value with Suggs that we can't quite fill in with broad, glistening, delightful colors because he's shooting 36% from the field. But he's also averaging 2 and a half defensive stats over 5 boards and over 3 assists from the off guard spot. I just I can't quit him yet. Even though I know I probably should, I can't quit him because when you can get boards, assists, steals, blocks, and up to this point, free throw percent, and the only thing that's been missing is the field goal percent, which would then drive points up as well. It just it all feels like it's too close for me to let go of. So we're gonna hold on to Suggs a little bit longer and see what happens even if it turns out that it is a urine down the leg. Indiana blew out San Antonio. You can pretty much just dump this box score. Don't read too much into either side of it. Zach Collins, probably a little bit of a buy low, because his free throw percent is weirdly terrible to this point as it are his turnovers weirdly high. On the Indy side, I mean, this is like, oh, what if somebody got 25 minutes in the front court? Not Miles Turner. He only needed 21 in this blowout. I was talking about Obi Toppin who got 27. Someone came in and was like, Dan, Rick Carlisle's gonna give Obi Toppin 27 minutes. I would put him on the ad block immediately, but we know it's not gonna happen, and so we move on to the next one. Whispering as I do so because it's super annoying. Warriors beat the Pistons 120 to 109. Golden State, 62 to start their year. They were another team that if you go all the way back to July, they were on my list of season win total over bets because I felt like they had a chip on their shoulder. This was sort of like a warriors. I don't call it last hurrah because Steph Curry still looks like he's in his prime, but it's a little bit of a last hurrah because, you know, I don't what's gonna happen with Klay Thompson? Age, negative press, and they actually have a little bit of depth this year, specifically Gary Payton the second. He's he's critical for them off the bench, and they've needed it because Andrew Wiggins has turned straight up into a pumpkin. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. He remains a Bilo, and he remains a guy I don't want on my fantasy team. Both of those things are true. Meaning, if you can go get him for, like, a waiver wire crapper, you probably do it, and you leave him on your bench until he gets hot, and then you try to move him somewhere else. That's the only thing I would do with Wiggins. Otherwise, avoid. Chris Paul, 17, 5, and 6. He only played 21 minutes, but, again, this game was well in hand. None of the Steph was the only Warrior starter to clear 30 minutes. I'm not even really sure why that happened. I think it has to do with his minute pattern, like his substitution pattern, because nobody else did. Draymond, 27, Klay, 28. They didn't need it. What I did like was finally seeing Chris Paul, see a few shots go in. That hadn't really happened to this point. He's still shooting just 36% on the season, though. And so you you gotta feel that his numbers will trend upward a little bit. I remain somewhat concerned about how he and Draymond Green coexist as guys who wanna be the facilitators. Probably have to see Chris Paul take a few more shots. Maybe this is more of like the Houston era Chris Paul where he's playing off of a guy like Harden there and off of Steph and off of Dre in this spot, but they find ways to have him run the 2nd unit. And so when the 2nd unit is playing okay, Chris Paul will rack up some numbers pretty quick against other teams' 2nd units. Over on the Detroit side, Killian Hayes had a big ballgame, but I very much don't care. Azar Thompson's been incredible so far. I'm blown away at how fast he's acclimated to the NBA. And congratulations if he was one of the late rookie flyers you took a shot on. He's he's amazing. Isaiah Stewart, 17 and 11, and not surprisingly, happened in a game with no Jalen Duran. So do you stream Stewart when Duran's out? Maybe. Otherwise, he's not a play. Marvin Bagley, also kind of a, do you stream this guy? Probably not. And then Cade Cunningham had 5 more turnovers. That number is outrageously high. I never thought he was gonna be a top 30 guy in 9 cat this season. You guys can go to all my season run up podcasts as Cade, a guy that I was not drafting where he was going. I thought he was going way too early. But, also, he's not gonna be, you know, 1 90 range, which is where he's at at 9 cat right now. That's a number that's gonna work its way up the board. Question is, what would it take to get him? And I think it would still be too expensive. Marcus Sasser, 33 minutes. He kinda came back down to earth. I I do think the returns of Jaden Ivey, and Alec Burks kinda screws up the Marcus Sasser experience we've seen lately. I mean, if you wanna add him, understanding you're probably then gonna drop him. I don't know. I don't think we need to worry about it. Harden's first game with the Clippers went about as you'd expect when, a team jams a whole bunch of miss mismatched pieces together on day 1, which was that some guys played alright, some guys played terribly. The thing that no one ever thinks about when you're incorporating a key piece that's gonna play big minutes and have high usage is how is it gonna impact the defense. And that was a big time problem for the Clippers yesterday. They had issues rebounding in a huge way. Mitchell Robinson, I think he has, like, the most offensive rebounds through 2 weeks for anybody in the NBA for, like, 20 or 30 years or something like that. I mean, he just annihilated them on the glass. And for the Clippers, you know, Harden, was efficient. Kawhi was efficient. Paul George was not. Russ was. And you're just gonna see issues. 22 turnovers has to be the number that jumps out at you. And that's gonna be a number that is probably somewhat high for the near future and not just for Harden because all of these guys are trying to figure out, okay. Where is James gonna be? How where are the bodies gonna go? Who's running the offense? Are we taking turns? Is it Harden running pick and roll and getting it to the rest of us? They have a lot of stuff to work out. It's going to get better, but it's going to be a little bit weird while they're on the way there, which in my eyes means after about a week of this, which I think you'll see a week of this you know, they might have a game in there where Kawhi explodes or Paul George explodes or something like that. But about a week of this, you'll probably able to buy on Harden, Kawhi, and Paul George. So get ready. Remember I said it on November 7th that in a week, whatever it is, week and a half, two weeks, you're probably gonna be able to get discount on some of the stars on the Clippers. And when we get to that point, let's be ready to jump at it. Nick's side, Josh Hart, 32 bench minutes. Yay. Thank goodness. Oh my gosh. We really needed that. I know Quentin Grimes only played 21 and Quickley only 20, so there's no guarantee that Hart's gonna get 32 minutes every game. But the fact that we now saw him clear 30 minutes off the bench, and the Knicks were not surprisingly good when he was on the court. Let's hope that this solves whatever that BS was to start the year where he was only playing, you know, 24, 25 minutes because 30 plus for Josh Hart makes him a must add, must play guy. There is one of your little gold stars for the afternoon. Go ahead and make sure Josh Hart is not dropped to your waiver wire. The Lakers right back into injury hell, and it only took 2 weeks to get there. Anthony Davis left with a groin spasm. I don't without making any, lurid jokes, maybe it's time to do a Manscaped ad read here. Hey, Anne, Anthony. Perhaps your groin wouldn't spasm if you shaved with the lawnmower 5 point o, which you can get over atmanscaped.com for 20% off with free shipping with promo code ethos 20, e t h o s 20. 20% off and free shipping on whatever you get atmanscape.com. It doesn't just have to be the lawnmower. It could also be the handyman. That's a traditional electric razor. You can get the luxury nail kit. Look at that. I've got all these things on my desk because I use them. I actually use these things just sitting at my desk. Sometimes I'm sitting here, and I'm like, I'm a shave my cheeks, clean up the old face. I I definitely trim fingernails sitting at my desk, and I actually trimmed this nail last night, right, as I was going to bed. Anyway, that's called the shears, I believe. 20% off free shipping, Ethos 20. So, anyway, Anthony Davis had a groin spasm. Tried to play through it. It went very poorly, and that was really the stretch where the heat opened up a lead. The lakers also could not stop yelling at refs, and I get it. The game was not particularly well officiated. But, like, Deelo, you can't get ejected. That was 2 free points. I think the lakers gave 4 points to the heat on technical fouls alone from arguing. LeBron got 1 or maybe that was a delay of game or the second delay of either way, like, they were all getting them, and that ended up being the difference in the damn ballgame. Lakers rebounded a little bit better in this one. Not great. Bam had 20, and certainly once Anthony Davis was out, that didn't get any better. But from a fantasy standpoint, you kinda like when a team doesn't have many players available because Austin Reeves had to play 40 minutes. LeBron had to play 37. This is awful for him long term, but certainly good right now, fantasy wise. Torrey and Prince Prince played 34a half. Delo was at 29 before he got tossed. He was gonna get to about 36. Christian Wood played 30. Cam Reddish played 29. I mean, they had nobody left. Once Deelo got ejected and Anthony Davis lost, the lakers were running a 6 man rotation in this game. Great for Fantasy, very bad long term for that club. Hopefully, they get somebody back. If they don't, Austin Reeves is gonna be huge. They play again tomorrow in Houston, if I'm remembering that right. LeBron's gonna have to be huge. AD's hoping he'd be back for that ball game, but we'll see. I mean, Prince, you can stream. Wood, you can play. Dilo, you can play. Pretty much anybody that's available. Maybe not Max Christie or Cam Reddish, but almost anybody that's available, you know they're gonna get almost 30 minutes because, you know, Ruiz out, Gabe Vincent's out, and Jackson Hayes is out, and AD might be out. And who am I forgetting? There's, like, 2 other guys that are already hurt for that team. As far as the heat go, Jimmy Butler had kind of a a wake up game. You knew it would happen against LA. He's up to number 38 in 9 cat now. Doesn't mean this is what you can do early in the season with 1 big ball game. Adebayo's gigantor game moved him up the board a little bit. He's up to number 92 off of a very, very, very slow start to the season. Tyler Herro has been solid, and I don't know that anybody else really deserves your time in Miami. Duncan Robinson, 3 point streamer, but that's it. I had outside hopes of Josh Richardson carving out a role for himself because Kyle Lowry is not good at basketball anymore, but, also, Josh Richardson's not really good at basketball anymore. Let's keep going. We got a long way to go still. Milwaukee beat Brooklyn 129, 125. Milwaukee, tried to use drop coverage on defense. Remember, we talked about that worked really well in our last ballgame, and Brooklyn just went to work with a whole bunch of mid range shots and sort of forced Milwaukee to abandon that. That's why Brook Lopez didn't have a particularly good ballgame here. So don't read too much into that. Schematically, this just didn't work for the bucks. On the net side, big game for Cam Thomas. He's just rolling right now. McHale Bridges had a nice ballgame. Royce O'Neil had a pretty good ballgame in 25 minutes off the bench, but he's more streamer level while, everybody other than Nick Claxton is healthy. Dorian Finney Smith had a a colder shooting game, but still got a 3 pointer, 6 boards, a steal, a block. He remains a solid fill in. Ben Simmons, a classic Ben Simmons game, 2 points, 15 rebounds, 4 assists, no defensive stats. Someone in the chat room, was asking where his defensive stats went, and I I I just think it's the speed for him. I don't think he has the speed he used to. So as fun as it feels like it's been for Ben Simmons, he's actually ranked outside the top 100 right now mostly because he hasn't had defensive stats. If if if he could get the steal rate up a little bit, he'd shoot inside the top 100. Also, maybe make, you know, more than a quarter of your foul shots, but, you know, we'll we'll see how that all shakes out. Spencer Dinwiddie, really bad ballgame. I didn't draft him anywhere because he needs a ton of usage to be a Fantasy asset, and it just didn't seem like he was gonna have that this year. But he's also shooting 43% at the foul line, so life will probably get a little bit better. I don't think he's a 9 cat 12 teamer this year for whatever that's worth. I just don't think so. Sacramento got blown out by the Rockets. You can throw this box score right in the garbage chute because nobody did anything on the king's side. They all were terrible. For the Rockets, nearly tripled doubled. His defensive stats have been kind of strangely low so far, but you certainly can't complain about the, assist numbers to this point. Jalen Green had a rare efficient ballgame. So he put up a pretty good one, and then everybody else didn't really have to do very much. So, again, move along. Boston lost in overtime. The Timberwolves. Timberwolves, ladies and gentlemen, you may remember I had them as an overbet back in July. The receipts are there, ladies and germs. I thought the wolves are gonna be good this year. And, honestly, they've been better than I expected so far. They've won 3 in a row. Have not won on the road yet, so we'll see if that comes around. But fantasy wise, Naz Reed, he's a go. All systems go right now. He's getting 25 minutes a game. He can put up really nice numbers in those 25. Cat fouled out of this one, so that helped Nas a little bit. But he's doing it, and, you know, I don't care about the whatever's going on around it. Mike Conley, fine enough. Didn't do very much in this ballgame, but he's a hold. Kyle Anderson slowed down after having one better ballgame, and he's gonna be oh, I'm a little worried that slow mo is gonna be someone who kinda bounces in and out of the top 100 all year. Probably settles into streamer mode, if I had to guess. But, you know, if you wanna hold on a little bit longer and find out, I'm okay with that. It just sort of feels like that's what slow mo's gonna be this season. Al Horford filling in for Derek White played 36 minutes and did very little in them all. He was a plus 7 in the minutes he was on the floor in a game they lost by 5. So, you know, 6 to 1 half dozen. I think I think you can probably stream Horford when any one starter is out for the Celtics, you know, regardless of this crummy line, he just does a little bit of all things. And so to me, that feels like something you could probably utilize. If you wanna go back to the Minnesota side, Jaden McDaniels had 20 points on 18 shots. The problem with McDaniels, and I and he's gonna be better in reality than he is in Fantasy because he can get you some threes, he can get you some steals, he can get you some blocks. He doesn't score reliably. He doesn't rebound or assist reliably, and his percentages aren't good enough to float you in anything. So, like, we all just wish that somehow he'd be cut loose to do other stuff, but it's just not gonna happen on a team with Anthony Edwards, Kat, Gobert. There aren't so that and Conley, frankly, and slow mo. So there just aren't rebounds or assists or shots for him most ball games. There was in this one, but that's a one off. I love having him in 30 deep because I got him at, like, pick a 140 there, so that's gonna pan out great for me. But 9 cat 12 team? Mm-mm. How about that Jalen Johnson? And I know Atlanta lost this game, but who cares? 13 and 12, 5 assists, 3 steals, and a block. He's been a revelation. Saddiq Bey was also very good off the bench. So both those guys are still a hold. Deandre Hunter, I think we can probably move on from the heat, or the the the heater has ended. So Hunter, back to stream level, and he's on a cold streak right now. Thunder, nothing really of note. Lew Dort had a big ball game, but we know enough about his fantasy game to know that that's just not gonna last all season. Shea came back early from his injury. He was originally listed as out and then ended up playing. Great. Oh, man. Did the Bulls need this blowout win? Kobe White had a better ballgame, but you know who cares? Not me. He's number 184 after a good ball game. Usually, after somebody has a good one, you hope that they get to, like, a level you're like, oh, maybe I'll be nope. Nope. That's the bull's side. Literally, the only thing I wanted to mention on the bull's side. Utah, I'm gonna say it again, and I'm gonna repeat it until people stop arguing with me about it. What's he gonna say? He's gonna say, Talen Horton, Tucker, and Jordan Clarkson are not 9 cat 12 team players. I don't care how specialized you need your team to be. They do more damage than good on a night to night basis. THT, you need to be punting both percentages for him to get it near the top 100. Jordan Clarkson, you need to be punting, like, half of the categories for him to get near the top 100. They're not 9 cat, 12 teamers. People keep arguing with me. Oh, I need Clarkson for no. You don't. I had Jordan Clarkson in the league last year, a roto league, and I was, like, languishing in 5th place. I dropped Jordan Clarkson, and my team immediately started climbing the ranks because I gained points in field goal percent, and I basically didn't lose anywhere. And he's much worse this season so far. You know, some of that's gonna come around for him. Like, he's gonna have some games where he shoots the ball better. But when the dust settles, it's not gonna be good enough. You know who likely will be good enough when the dust settles? Walker Kessler, who pushed himself up to number 145 with this positive showing. We just need more minutes. We just need them to get to those starters minutes on a game to game basis, and everything will be totally fine. And I do think it's gonna come around. Buying now after 15, 15, and 4 is gonna be a whole heck of a lot tougher than buying on Kessler before this ballgame, but I still think you can get him somewhat on the cheap, and I would say go for it. And the last game of the night probably had the most interesting fantasy note of the entire evening, and that was Jordan Hawkins who put up 31 points on 19 shots in the first game without CJ McCollum. It was a loss, so grain of salt. But it was also a loss at the hands of the, fighting Nikola Jokic's. My good lord. I mean, Denver, what a machine that team is. Jokic somehow is only ranked 5th in Fantasy on a per game basis. I don't even really know how that's possible. I think it's because he hasn't been able to hit his free throw so far, but we know that'll come around. Michael Porter junior is off to a tremendous start, and you can expect a lot of that to continue with Jamal Murray out for what they're saying is not days so that my tea leaf reading there would suggest weeks. KCP, y'all can hate on KCP all you want, but I have him in plenty of places, and he's number 61 in 9 Cats so far on the shoulders of 2 steals per game, very good percentages, half a block, and 2 threes per contest. I'll take it. Thank you very much. Aaron Gordon's a weird one. I I almost never talk about him because I hate his free throw percent, and it's at 50 this year. But he is inside the top 90 so far because he's shooting 58% from the field, and he's over a steal and a block per ball game. I mean, I think we've seen enough from Aaron Gordon over the years to know that that's probably gonna taper off. So if you can trade him for someone else ranked near 80 that has better staying power, I would consider it. Maybe you could go try to get Nick Claxton for a stash for a few weeks. I don't know. Just throwing it out there. Reggie Jackson, guys, first start with no Jamal Murray, 7 points, 4 assists. That is a check-in the wrong column for him. I don't think that he's someone you have to race out and start. Certainly streamer level and head to head if their schedule were, in a good spot. But, you know, games caperoto, I don't think that it makes the mark. But certainly on the Jordan Hawkins front. So, let's let's pause and just take a moment briefly to talk about what happened with the Pelicans. The the report before the ball game was that the Pels who said it? I think it was a Willie Green quote. Right? Yeah. I think it was from the head coach. I think Willie said that they were probably gonna be doing a little bit of matchup stuff. Meaning, you'd have some games where there's a little more Matt Ryan, some games where there's a bit more Dyson Daniels, games where maybe there's even a bit more Larry Nance junior, just to sorta and not that those guys necessarily all fill in directly for McCollum, but they can move bodies around. They can have Brandon Ingram play some sort of point forward if they had to. They don't need a a an old fashioned point guard with McCollum out, although it certainly does help. But, you know, they ran a bunch of their offense through Zion yesterday, for instance. And a lot of times, they'll run it through Ingram. Zion with 9 assists and 0 turnovers was very impressive. I don't know that I would call either of those guys an elite passer. I don't know that I would call McCollum an elite passer, but he's a little bit better than those dudes. So the Pelicans are they're gonna have a little bit of feeling out to do. And in the meantime, you know, they got this young dude who's just on fire. So in my eyes, you have to pick him up. And, you know, we saw when he was filling in for Brandon Ingram that he has a relatively strong fantasy game. That is to say, like, the percentages are not there yet, and that's the thing that you're gonna be worried about because young player, rookie, shooting 39% from the field, 73% at the free throw line. But, averaging 27 minutes a game this year, 13 points, 4 boards, 2 assists, a steal, and 3 3 pointers, that's hard to completely ignore. So I think I would add him. There's gonna be a little bit of a close your eyes and pray kinda thing going on with the percentages. You just you'll hope that they don't aren't as bad as they have been. Games cap, would I throw him in immediately? No. Especially, again, on the report that they may use Dyson Daniels in a different matchup, things like that. So, Gamescap, I don't think I'm using him right off the bat. But head to head, I think I probably would because it doesn't I mean, yeah, I guess it could hurt you if the percentages are that awful on any given night. But if he's gonna rack up a bunch of counting stats, which we've talked about variability a bit more this season on the pod, those are things you wanna try to collect. So So that's your Monday recap. Lot of questions in the chat room. Oh my good lord. You guys came prepared today. Before we get to those, a reminder mid show, please hit the like button. It ain't that tough. It'll take you a second. One second. Really. That's like that that's that's how much I'm asking of you for these hour long specials where I answer all of your questions at the end. Please hit the like button. And, if you've been enjoying all the content we're putting out, whether that's the the buy low the buy the buy low show, the buy low sell high show from earlier today with Raf, whether it's these recap shows, whether it's the the big Friday weekend review shows, whether it's the weekend advance shows with Derek, please subscribe. It means the world, really. That's how I grow this thing. The subscriptions, that's what does it. So please hit that button. Please like, and please come find me right now. I'm gonna go look, actually. I'm gonna go check my Twitter feed to see if anybody came and followed me in the middle of the show. Oh, look. It looks like one person did. That's fun. How about you do it as well? And, also and did anybody come into our our Discord from the link I posted? Actually, it looks like a couple of you guys did find the Discord link. That's fun too. Look at that. Things happening in real time. Here's the Discord link again for those that are watching. Hem, I will clear my throat. Take a sip of water because 2 shows in a row is a lot, and let's see how many of these questions we can get through. Question 1, my league rarely trades. Who do I drop for a streaming spot between Derek Lively, Malcolm Brogdon, and Jalen Suggs? Brogdon fits my team the least because I'm punting assists. It's probably Suggs, unfortunately. Again, I have this little crush on him, but he's he's not a 10 teamer right now. Hey, Dan. Is it crazy that I'd rather keep Chet if someone offered Wenbanyama? I feel like Chet's blocks rates are similar. He has better percentages than Wenby. Well, when you say keep, I assume you're talking about a redraft, just sort of 1 to 1 on this thing. I think there is a very real chance that Chet beats Wenbanyama this season in straight 9 category rankings. If you need more points, Wenbanyama is likely to get those for you. Chet is likely to have better percentages at the end of the year, and that's why he was on the old man squad. Even though he's very much not an old man, it's because he has old man ability. Guy who's going to be higher rank than people expect because his percentages were good. I'm pretty happy with the fact that the only young dude I had on the old man squad was Chad Holmgren. Although, man, can you guys believe us, r Thompson? Holy crap. Should I trade Brandon Miller and Benedict Matherin for Jeremy Gran and Klay Thompson in a dynasty league? No. Because I think Brandon Miller's probably the guy. Unless you're really in win now mode, you probably want Brandon Miller from that group in dynasty. Klay Thompson is very much on the tail end of his career. Jeremy Grant is not that far away from it, and he's on a team where he's gonna probably get shut down again if they can't move him. His Claxton for my Russ and Lively, is that too low? That's where I mean, maybe he's getting tired of stashing. Why the hell not? It's probably not gonna get it done, but you could try. Is Christian Wood an ad? Yes. What happened to Benson's defensive stats? Oh, this is the question that I was talking about before. He's just not as fast as he used to be. They'll be better than they are right now, but they're not gonna be where they were. Is Klay Thompson a buy low? Yes. Because at some point here, Steph is not going to be able to go full thermonuclear in every single ballgame, and they're gonna need Klay to step it up a little bit. Now, a lot of the issue has just been that he hasn't taken as many shots as last season. I think that's a number that probably comes up for him a little. So yes. Short answer, slight buy low. Would you trade Trae Young for Kawhi Leonard? Yes. But I play a lot of 9 cat games cap roto. And if it totally messes up your team build, then maybe not. Like, Trae might beat him in totals on but Kawhi is gonna win the the per game battle there. Jalen Williams for Jalen Johnson. A Jalen swap? I think I'd rather have Jalen Williams on the thunder than Jalen Johnson. I love Jalen Johnson a lot. I like them both a lot a lot, but I think I'd rather have Williams. Dan, how would you rank these 3 players in 9 cat roto? Jalen Brunson, DeMar DeRozan, Zach LaVine. I think I'd go actually right in that order. And would you take Michael Porter junior over any of them? No. MPJ would be the back end of that for me. We dropping Jeremy Soehan. I never picked him up. Told you guys his percentages were gonna break you. So, yeah, you can drop him. Is Jalen Williams a buy low? A little bit. Yeah. So the one thing that hasn't really come around for Jalen Williams yet is the steals rate. He's only at point 6. Everything else is exactly where you need it to be. The hope, of course, is that point 6 steals goes up to more like 1.6, and that's how he jumps from, 100 range to more like, 50. And anything beyond that is gravy. So, yes, if you can get him for 70, I think I would do it. Moe Wagner versus Goga. Nah. I don't think you need to do either of them. Orlando has a good schedule this week. So to that end, head to head side, you could do both. Roto, I don't think I'm doing either one of them. Dan, help, please. I need to drop a player to activate De'Aaron Fox, Devin Booker, and Derrick White. Well, bad news for you, but Derrick White's the only one that's probably playing in the next ball game. The my closest to drop players are Dorian Finney Smith, Moe Wagner, Tim Hardaway junior, Tyus Jones, Jordan Hawkins. Tyus Jones, you're not dropping. Wagner, you can drop. Dorian Finney Smith, you can drop. Jordan Hawkins, you could drop. I think I'd probably hold Tim Hardaway while he's on a heater. Definitely, Tyus Jones. And if you prefer Dorian Finney Smith, because he's probably also a court of a sort of a safe floor guy there. Guys, I have the weirdest thing happening. There's this fan in my bedroom, and I don't know what my kids pushed on it. But I turn it off, and then after an hour or 2, it turns back on. And now I'm freezing. Should I drop Xavier Tillman for Josh Hart or Kobe White? Yes for Josh Hart. If you have a chance to trade Jalen Green for a power forward, who do you target? I don't have the first flying clue, guys. Because Jalen Green isn't inside the top 200. So who you gonna get? I don't know. I have no idea what that dude is valued at in the in the general landscape. I can't help on this one. Is it the right decision to trade Tyrese Maxey for Kyrie last week? I know Kyrie's miss gonna miss games, but he's capable of being yeah. Yeah. I'm good with that. I'm good with Kyrie over Maxey. Should I trade LaMelo Ball for Dejounte Murray in a points league? No. What's the rest of season outlook on? Dame? He was a borderline 1st round pick, but he doesn't look the same with the Bucks. He wasn't a borderline 1st round pick. He was a mid 1st round pick. I think he gets back to, at least top 20, probably higher. So I wouldn't worry. In a league with a very deep bench, would you stash Moses Moody with the Wiggins weirdness and likely high injury risk on the warriors in general, or would you stash Obi Toppin? Well, I guess the question is if you need them doing stuff right now, then Toppin's doing more right now. If this is all about someone you can just sit on your bench forever, then it's moody because then you're like, okay. Well, now I'll drop him in. Like, if Klay takes a game off or if Wiggins takes a game off or whatever, you get the intermittent bursts of better per game numbers from Moody whereas with Toppin, like, you're gonna get something. It's not gonna be great, but you're gonna get something every day. Should I drop Tillman or Monk for Jordan Hawkins? Yeah. I think you can drop Tillman. Not that Hawkins is gonna be a rest of season guy, but I don't think Tillman's gonna be a rest of season guy anymore either. Weekly twelve team head to head league with an open IL plus slot. Would you stash Alec Burks or Ahman Thompson? We'll go Burks. I think he'll be back sooner, and I think he'll produce quicker. I didn't get the chance to ask in the earlier show, but what are your opinions about 2 for 1 trades, like combining a sell high guy with a player you wanna get rid of for a higher ranked player? I like them. But as everybody gets better at playing fantasy sports, they become tougher and tougher to pull off. So you're gonna have to feel like you're giving up more than you're getting back, like, significantly, or you're not gonna be able to pull it off. The problem with 2 for ones is people send, like, 2 top 70 guys, and they ask for a top 40 guy back. It doesn't work that way. You need a guy overperforming who you think is gonna fall back and pair that dude up with a safer side player and ask for that top 40. So I like them. They're hard to do. Dan, would you trade Jalen Williams to get Azar Thompson in 9 cat roto? No. It's a little bit of a sell low on Jaylen and a bit of a buy high on Thompson. So, no, I like them both a lot, but I don't think that's the right pairing. Should I try to sell high on Gordon Hayward? Yes. You freaking should. He's number 60, and he hasn't gotten hurt yet. None of those things will last. Who would you even sell Hayward for? Yeah. I mean, that's the question. You could probably get, like, a Conley or a maybe maybe you could get D'Lo. He's ranked, like, 25 slots behind because his shot hasn't fallen that much yet. If you get D'Angelo Russell for it, maybe injured Terry Rozier. No. That won't happen. Buddy Heeled, who's managed to get inside the top 100 despite only playing 24 minutes. That might be an interesting one. See if you can go get Buddy Heeled for Gordon Hayward because Hayward's gonna go down. And Heeled, like, he's in his worst case scenario right now other than being held out. Hey, Dan. What's an attainable and reasonable alternative to DeMar DeRozan? I'm kinda scared for the bulls, and I wanna get rid of him while his value is average. No. You don't need to do that. Stick it out, man. Even if he gets traded, he's gonna go to a place where he has a big role. Don't don't panic on DeMar. He's already on a team with 2 other guys that want the basketball. So, like, it's probably not gonna change very much. Dude, I have Giddey Dinwiddie and Keegan Murray in 9 Cat. No clue what do with them anymore. Well, Keegan Murray, you're holding on to because the Kings are just flat out bad without De'Aaron Fox, but Keegan's still number 110, and he's shooting 35 a half percent so far this year. So, Keegan Murray is very much a by low. Josh Giddey was someone that was on my bust list if anybody was watching this show during the damn preseason. So you're stuck, man. You can't really sell low on him. You gotta hope that Shea misses 3 games. Giddey goes big, and then maybe you could trade him in for somebody that's got a safer floor. And then Dinwiddie, there's just not enough usage there. He's probably a drop. He's the only drop of the 3, I think. Should I start Jakob Poeltl or Mark Williams tomorrow? I don't know, man. I didn't even look to see who they're playing tomorrow yet. Listen. You need one of our DFS experts. Let's see. Charlotte is hosting Washington? Oh, that yeah. I mean, I don't think I need to even look at the other one. Who's Toronto playing? In Dallas? Yeah. Give me Mark Williams. Should I drop Andrew Wiggins in a points league? No. No. Do you think Xavier Tillman's gonna come back with a starting role? Yeah. Probably, but I don't know that that actually means all that much. Thoughts on KCP without Murray. Was playing well before, but the 7 assists were nice last night. You know, we saw last year that KCP actually was worse when Murray Orijokic was out because his shot quality got poorer. We'll see. I mean, I'm still in on KCP, and I have been since day 1. Nothing has changed that. Should we hold Dillon Brooks? Yeah. I mean, he's hot as hell, man. He's hot as Bakersfield in July. He will cool off, and at that point, you could probably punt, but right now he's hot. Should I drop Drew Eubanks for Daniel Gafford? Yes. Thoughts on D'Anthony Melton? I think we covered him earlier in the show. Right? He's a hold for me right now. I wanna see how this whole thing shakes out. But if his minutes don't get up over 28, then eventually, we do have to we would have to move on, but not yet. What are your thoughts on Scoot Henderson? Yeah. I mean so, don't draft ball handling rookies typically is my rule there. The fact that he got dropped is really interesting. He's a 14 teamer. I think you probably stash him because at some point this year, he's gonna be really fun, but it might not be until January or February. So you're probably adding him, and it's gonna be rough for you. But if you don't, I'm guessing somebody else will. Should we be concerned with Jalen Brunson and Darius Garland's shooting percentages? No. These guys are who they are. Brunson's shooting 40%. That'll work its way up. Garland has been awful. 42, that's actually not gonna change all that much. Garland's turnovers are at 5.3. That's the number that's gonna come down a lot. He was getting overdrafted because he gets assists, but Garland was, like, 50 range last year, and that's probably where he worked back to this season also. Would you drop Max Strouse for Jordan Hawkins? I would not. Do you think Deandre Ayton is a sell high? Yes. I would. I think if you can get anybody inside the top 30, you'd do it. If you can't, you probably hang on because I think Ayton's probably gonna be inside the top 50, 45 range this year. So the target there is to try to beat that number. Larry Markkanen and Buddy Heel for Zion and Capella, who wins? Well, if you're punting free throws, the Zion and Capella side wins. And if you're not, the other side wins in a landslide. The only way the Zion and Capella side wins is if you're punting free throws, because otherwise, Lowry's way out in front of everybody as the best player in that trade. Tyrese Maxey rest of season. Really does feel like he can be a top 25 player. He's having a ball, and ain't nobody coming for his minutes right away. Maybe they do make another trade down the line to get a usage guy, but, I mean, if he's rolling top 20 for a couple of months, it's gonna be hard to knock him off of that perch. So, yeah, top 25, I think, is very reasonable for Maxi, maybe even a little bit higher than that. Guys, you don't have to post the same question 15 times. I I I see them. K? If it's in the chat room, I see it. Should I drop Struce, Suggs, or Looney for Nas Reed? Suggs or Looney? Let's go Looney. Jordan Hawkins or Jalen Suggs, 10 teamer, points league. Give me Suggs because I I like, the Hawkins one is tied to the CJ McCollum stuff. Suggs is not really tied to anything. So let me we'll go that one. Do you think DeMar DeRozan is cooked? What? He's number 48. Are people watching the same stuff as me? You still at 21 points and 4 assists? Field goal percent is down a little bit right now, but he's at 4 1.4 steals. DeMar's fine, guys. He's inside the top 50. Do I trade Trae Young or Paul George for Wembley or Barnes? Well, Barnes is a is a buy high right now if you're buying on him because he probably comes down from there. I mean, if you you're you're not gonna get 1 Bunyanama for Paul George. Whoever has 1 Bunyanama is not giving him up. That's let just assume they're not trading him. They're not trading him. Did we decide it's Hawkins time? Yeah. Why the hell not? It's Hawkins time. I gotta wrap this thing up soon. Keegan Murray, rest of season outlook. Let's go 90. I have Melton, Hawkins, Jaden McDaniels on the wire. Any of them worth dropping Keegan for? No. I think I'd stick with Keegan. Someone dropped Wiggins in my points league. Do I just stay away? Points leagues, I think I might consider it. Is Tyler Herro a sell high? Yes. The steals are gonna come down. Scoring also probably comes down a little bit. Yes. Sell high. Who can we get for Cam Thomas? Honestly, I don't know. I don't know. You're not he's number 26, but nobody believes that's where he's gonna stay. You could probably try to get somebody in the top seventy range. That feels like attainable. Is trading Jalen Williams selling low? Yes. There's another, should I sell high on Cam Thomas? I mean, yes, but, also, I really have no idea what you're gonna get. How sustainable is Dennis Schroder's production this year? You know, he's number 52. I assume his 3 pointers are gonna come down, but his free throw percent is probably gonna come up. Maybe the assists come down a little bit. I'm gonna say somewhat sustainable. It does seem like he'll be a 9 cat start guy all season long. Where that sits exactly, I don't know for sure, but, he is a sell high. Yes. But he's also, I think, gonna be decent all year. Melton, Brooks, Herb, or Bogdan? I can pick up 2. Give me Dillon Brooks right now because he's hot and Herb Jones. And then Brooks cools off Herb and Melton. Should I throw any Kuzma for Austin Reeves, or are they about the same? Same? Should I drop Bruce Brown for Jordan Hawkins or Jalen Suggs or Max Strouse? Maybe Max Strouse or maybe nothing. I don't think that's gonna change your team very much. Tatum and Trae Jones for McHale and OG and CP 3, the Tatum side. Melton or Strouse? Right now, it's Max Struss, believe it or not. Dame or Damien or, Donovan Mitchell. Sorry. Not Davion Mitchell. Dame or Donovan Mitchell, rest of season. I think they'll be pretty tight, actually. Those guys probably both end up in the in the 12 to 16 range, somewhere near there. So whichever whichever. Maybe Dame by a tiny bit, but whichever. And for Simon's rest of season, well, we need to get him back first, but then hopefully top 70 after that. Is it worth adding Miles Bridges? I'm personally not doing it. I don't care if you do. I'm not gonna judge anybody. I just think I can win without him. Yes. If you are, feeling cutthroat, you can do it. I just I don't really wanna bother. Would you try to sell PJ Washington with Miles Bridges coming back? Yes. Should I drop oh, this is a shallow leak. Someone dropped Jaden Jaden Williams? I'm assuming Jalen Williams. Should I drop Gobert, Dilo, or VanVleet? Dilo would be your weakest of those guys. Thoughts on Tari Eason when he comes back. I don't think he's quite inside the top 100 when he comes back. Rebounds and steals. If he can get a bunch of those, he might be able to get there, but it's iffy. Should I keep Herb Jones? Yeah. Certainly with McCollum out. Let's see how that goes. And Hart rest of season of his minutes stay high. Well, he was in the 65 range in 30 some odd minutes last year, so let's say 85 or better. And that's that. 2 shows back to back, that's a lot of shows. I need to stop talking. Guys, find me over on social at Dan Besperis. Like, rate, subscribe. Go check out the Fantasy Pass at sportsethos.com. You'll love it. Hang out with us in Discord. Hang out with us on social. We'll see you guys again tomorrow. So long for now. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sportsethos presentation. I am, was, Dan Bespres? Question mark? Bye bye.