Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. And away we go, ladies and gentlemen. I am Dan Bessepris, and this is Fantasy NBA Today. It's a Wednesday recap show that is going to focus largely on basketball players named Jalen. But fear not, that still gives us about, I don't know, 30, 40 players to talk about, I think, in the modern NBA. It's a joke. I do jokes here on Fantasy NBA Today. They're great ones, every single one. Gold, Jerry. This show is available in a lot of places these days. We're doing it live on YouTube. We're doing it live on Twitter. We've got it after the fact on YouTube. We've got it after the fact on Twitter. We've got it after the fact on Itunes, Spotify, whatever other podcast device you use, the podcast app on your mobile device, Google Play, so on so forth. Thank you to everybody who listens, rates, likes, subscribes on all of that stuff. You've been a big part of why we've been able to join forces with the incredible Believe Network, sports ethos and Believe hanging out together, making beautiful podcast friendships as we roll along the way. I wanna dive right in after I yell at you guys to follow me on social media. So however you're taking in the show, whether it's, again, maybe you're scrolling through your x feed, and it's like, oh, Dan is going live. Follow at Dan Bessepris. Make sure to hit that button. If you're on YouTube, make sure to navigate over. We do a lot of stuff on social media. That's the that's the note. That's it. Let's talk basketball. Let's talk last night. It was a busy Wednesday. I admit, friends, I've completely lost track of what day of the week it is. My damn kids were sick for so long. I've totally lost track. But let's start at the top. It doesn't actually matter what day it is. Today's Thursday, so happy Thursday. It's a quick day. Oh, quick note here for those that are hanging out with us either live or watching, early or listening lie early in the day. Today is a, Euro NBA day. There's a game in Paris that starts in, like, 2 hours, so make sure to check your lineups first thing this morning. Cavs and nets are tipping at I think it's 11 AM Pacific time. Yeah. 11 AM Pacific time start. That's why those 2 teams only have one game this week just in case you guys were curious. Anyway, back to the board. Sacramento blew out Charlotte because Charlotte isn't even really an NBA team right now. They were barely an NBA team when they had their players, and they don't even have any players left. So what do we take away from this one? Nothing. Seriously. What are you gonna do with a game where a team gets blown out and it's not even close? Certainly, on the king's side, the only note on this one is that remember when we had Keegan Murray as a by low and he was ranked, like, a 105? And I was like, this is the easiest by low I've ever seen in my life. Do you guys know where he's at now in 9 Cat? 54. And this is actually, I think, where he can probably hang out. Field goal percent is up to 46a half. Remember he was at, like, 39? Here we go, baby. The Keegan Murray surge has happened. Malik Monk's still trucking along, and everything else is sort of irrelevant on Sacramento. So I really wanna try to focus on the big picture stuff. Don't let's not get caught in the minutia. We're gonna talk about everybody named Jalen. Was there anybody named named Jalen in this game? I wanna keep my promise. Even if they didn't play well, I said I would talk about Jalen's. No Jalen's in this game. Terry Rozier, I haven't responded to the comment from a couple days ago on YouTube, but someone was like, Dan, you're you're getting caught up in recency bias, when it comes to Terry Rozier. And so I kinda wanna talk through how I got to where I got. Because I take all of your comments very seriously. And I think most of them are written with love because it's people that you guys watch the show a lot. Some of you might not know how to sort of construct tone in a a comment on Twitter or YouTube, whatever. But I'm I'm never gonna be the guy that holds that against you. I'm never gonna be the analyst that gets super defensive about stuff unless I, like, haven't slept in 4 days. And then, you know, I would just beg your forgiveness on that one. But to the point of recency bias on Terry Rozier, here's what I was thinking. Last year, I liked Terry Rozier. I thought he was gonna have another good season, and they're you know, all the signs pointed to him basically being able to repeat what he did the previous year, and then he didn't. It was as simple as that. He just didn't. His shooting was, basically all the way back down after he had had 2 or 3 years in a row, 42, 45, 45 percent shooting. He dropped back down to 41a half. His usage was way up because LaMelo Ball basically missed the entire season, but the inefficiency actually counterweighted the increase in usage. He also had a poor free throw shooting year for reasons we don't entirely know, and so everything kinda got held back. This year and, admittedly, we were too high on him last season. Don't really fully understand it, but that's what happened. The reason I wasn't as high on Rozier this year as I was last year was not actually because he had a bad season last year. It was because it felt like and, obviously, the entire team has gotten hurt, so none of this actually came to fruition. But with LaMelo Ball likely coming back, which didn't hurt Rozier, he got better shots. That one was a bit of a wash, but they added Brandon Miller and Miles Bridges. Those were the 2 big pieces. That was the handicap for me. Brandon Miller, Miles Bridges were gonna come back. Those guys were gonna get some number of shots. I figured at least 20 between the 2 of them, and it's actually been higher than that. But, again, some of that clouded by who's been in and who's been out. And so my thought was, okay. Well, Rozier's probably gonna drop back down maybe more like 15 shots a year instead of 16 to 19 where he had been the last 3 seasons, possibly even lower. So it wasn't that I I don't think I ever said during draft season to specifically avoid Terry Rozier. I think I just said this isn't really a guy that I'm targeting this season because I think you're gonna see his role slightly diminished. And I thought there was a chance that if things went south, he was one of their potential trade ships, which that one is actually still on the table. But, again, I'm not I can't use that an ex as an excuse because as a roto guy, that's not something that I really game plan for anyway. But what's happened now is that Rozier missed the beginning of this season. Remember, he's he's basically started the year heard. By the time he got back, everybody else in the team was out. LaMelo's been out. Hayward's been out. PJ Washington's been out. Body's just dropping left and right. Miles Bridges is basically the last man standing for that team. Mark Williams has been out. Forgot about Mark Williams being hurt. Brandon Miller even lately has had a flu. And so Rozierst taking 19 shots a game again, but his efficiency is back up where it was 2 seasons ago. So it's actually better than ever. So it wasn't about recency bias for this year. It was about the addition of 2 more guys that I figured the Hornets were gonna be carving out shots for. Now what does that mean going forward? It's not take lock for me to say he's a sell high. Because if the Hornets get any of these guys back, again, they're missing, like, 60% of their rotation players right now. Rozier's not gonna get 19 shots a game when all of those guys are healthy. Could his efficiency stay higher? Yeah. It could. But will the assist stay at 7? No. Will the scoring stay at 24? No. Are the threes? They could maybe stick a little bit. 4.7 free throws a game? No. All these things are coming down. But then the opposite part of that is people are like, well, nobody wants my terror Rozier because they all know he's gonna drop off. So now it's about understanding how far you think he's gonna fall. My guess is he's at 25 right now. If the usage takes the hit that I expect, which is, like, 15 to 20%, actually, it's, like, a pretty good knock on what he's doing right now. That's a couple of rounds. That's 15 to 25 slots. So if you can get someone back in the 40 to 50 range, I think you sort of lock in value, and you get the added bonus of sort of buttressing against the possibility of a trade. So I hope that makes sense, and I hope that addresses what was a very reasonable question about Rozier in, one of the previous shows. See, I did find something to talk about on Charlotte. Brandon Miller, I mentioned earlier this year, I didn't think was a 9 cat guy. It doesn't look like he's a 9 cat guy yet. He probably will be at some point in the future, maybe even within the next 2 months. Not right now. I'm still okay with streaming Nick Richards. I don't think I go too far down any of these other pathways, at least not I mean, at this point, you just have to hope that guys come back. No real notes on Washington. They kept this game competitive, so most of the key guys had better basketball games. Better in quotation marks. Gafford was amazing. God, how good has Daniel Gafford been this year? He's number 41 in 9 Cat in 26 minutes a game. 41, friends. Even the atrocious Jordan Poole had a better ballgame. Keep an eye on Denny Avia. If he starts to cool off, then you start to bench him. He's a stream well warm guy. Kyle Kuzma was I mean, how many times did we scream about sell high? He's number 1, 41, and 9 cat. No defensive stats at all. Percentages, turnovers are all atrocious these days. Somebody's probably gonna trade for him, and maybe that helps. I don't know. And then Tyus Jones was not quite as good in this game, but, you know, who cares? Indiana side is the more interesting side in this ballgame, so let's pause there for a minute. I wanna try to zip through the games where we can and pause where on the ones where we need to go a little deeper. This is game 1 for the Pacers without Tyrese Halliburton. I make that sound more drastic than it is. They're hoping to have him back in a couple of weeks, but a couple of weeks is an opportunity to try to cash in on something. First of all, if you're looking for scoring, Benedict Matherin is probably gonna do a fair amount of that. 9 cat, no. Obi Toppin, he got more run here because Jalen Smith was out, so don't read too much into that one either. The names that I think people oh, and hold on to Aaron Neesmith. There's no reason to drop him. He's been very good lately. The names that everybody was wondering what would happen with them, I think there were 4 of those. Andrew Nembhard, who I've said many times on this show, I don't believe is a 9 category guy, and you saw it in full force here. Buddy Heald, who the question was, hey. Would he maybe get a bunch more shots with Halliburton out? And the answer on day 1 was no, so leave him alone. Bruce Brown, who my question was, hey. Is this guy gonna have to do more facilitating? And he kinda did here in the first game without Halliburton. I don't know that this level of production continues, but I do think it's worth kind of a speculative add on Bruce Brown. And then McConnell who only played 22 minutes, TJ only got 22 minutes, but he did a lot in them. And I'm inclined to believe that in most scenarios, he's the guy who's gonna get the minutes. For McConnell, if he gets up to 24, 25 minutes, he's crushing it. If he plays full starters minutes, he could be, like, a top 40 fantasy guy. So McConnell's the obvious one. Brown is the one that you're like, okay. Maybe. Head to head, I think you could go for it on Bruce. Roto. Maybe we just watch one more and see if he can replicate. And that's as far as I go on Indiana in the games here without Halliburton. Minnesota Boston was a weird one because both teams were resting guys, and the game went to over overtime. Boston was without Kristaps Porzingis, so Al Horford got his fill in game. Minnesota was without Mike Conley and Rudy Gobert. So Naz Reed got a fill in game, and slo mo got a fill in game. And then Nakil Alexander Walker played a ton of minutes, but there hasn't been a perfect correlation between minutes and production for him. And even in this one, it was like, yeah. I mean, he did some stuff, but it took a really efficient ballgame to get there. Slo mo is the guy you look at if both of these dudes are out. Nasrid is a guy you look at anytime any of the big men are out for Minnesota, and you play Nas when he's hot just sort of in general. But, again, let's not spend too much time with this ballgame because both teams were screwing with their lineups. There's nothing long term to take away. We move to San Antonio, Detroit. The toilet bowl. I mean, there's bad and then there's Detroit bad. Spurs whipped them. This game was over early. I I wouldn't do a whole bunch of pickup and drop stuff on the Spurs based on this because nobody played more than 28 minutes. Hold Trey Jones. As long as he's starting, you're holding. That's the only note I have on San Antonio today. Jaden Ivey needs, a breakdown, I think, on the Detroit side. I'm not picking up Killian Hayes. I know he had 12 assists, but we've seen too much ugly to go down that rabbit hole. Jaitland Duran, good. Bojan Bogdanovic, good. Ivy, this was a game this game perfectly illustrated my fears on Jaitland Ivy. He had a bunch of good stuff. Nineteen points, he took 18 shots, 5 assists, 2 steals, 2 blocks, and 2 3 pointers. Lots of really good stuff there. But high volume, terrible field goal percent, missed some free throws. He actually didn't turn the ball over that much, so it didn't have all three of the the telltale mischief marks. But this is why Jaden Ivy is a full freight train go in points leagues and why I'm flipping a coin in roto and saying, like, is this actually good for my roto team, the line that he just put up here? Honest to goodness, if I'm if I played this game in roto, I think I'd be upset because I like the 2 blocks a lot, and I like the 2 steals. Those are nice. But, like, do I really need the 19 points and 5 assists all that bad? I'd rather play a guy who gets 11 points and 3 assists and does not obliterate my percentages on any given night. That's just me. Now head to head, if you're punting one of those percentages, that makes it a little bit of an easier play. Or if you're punting a turnover in a percent, I get it. More appeal on that side. I understand. I'd wanna try to tailor this podcast, all my discussions to whatever leagues you're in, but, like, we can't talk for 2 straight hours here. But that's, to me, the sort of double edged sword of Jaden Ivy with Cade Cunningham out for a couple of weeks. Oklahoma City beat the, zombie Miami heat, and then Eric Spoelstra, or was this right before the ballgame? Eric Spoelstra was given, I believe, the largest contract in head coaching history, which was funny because I think on yesterday's show, wasn't it the show where I said, oh, and we just got terrible news on Marcus Smart right in the middle of the program. So I'll we'll break in on that in just a second. Damnable. Okay. So I think on yesterday's show, I was like, someone should go give Eric's Bolstra, like, $200,000,000 just to get him. Well, the Heat were like, uh-uh. No. Nay, Dan, we're not gonna let you have this idea. And they gave him a $120,000,000, and he certainly earned it. The news, unfortunately, of the morning is that Marcus Smart's finger injury, which we were hoping was not a big deal, is a big deal, and he will be out for 6 weeks again. Is there an obvious pickup while the Grizzlies just gave Vince Williams a whole bunch of money? So maybe. I don't think you have to, like, sprint out and pick up Vince Williams. I don't think that he's gonna be a league winner over the next 6 weeks. But, I would say that he deserves your attention at the very least because they're back down, Jah and Marcus Smart again. And the Grizzlies now are looking right down the barrel of throwing in the towel on this season. I mean, they'll keep fighting. They'll do their best. But I mean, really, how far are you gonna go without Marcus Smart? And, Yeah. Anyway and and Ja was the other one. Sorry. I was looking at Vince William stats while I was talking about that. How many teams do I have Marcus Smart on is the question. Only one. Alright. I guess it's not a total disaster for me personally, but, man, that's a pain in the butt. Tough break, man. Tough break. Yeesh. When it rains, it pours there. Man, grizzlies can't catch a break. I I I I'd be I'd be really worried if I had grizzlies. Well, at least we know Desmond Bane is gonna get 20 shots for the rest of eternity. Alright. What the hell were we talking about before I got sidetracked by crummy news? Okay. See, no news. No news. They are a, they're a 0 delta fantasy team, which is fine. It's boring for a podcast because all we get to talk about is guys doing cool stuff. But mostly, I like to focus this show on actionable things. There's nothing actionable with this team. Best thing I can say about OKC right now is that, hey. Remember when he we told you guys to buy low on Jalen Williams? That was another really, really, really easy call. He's up to number 56 now. Miami was weird in this one. You know, Bam Adebayo, duh, and Tyler Herro, duh, and Jaime Achez, duh, while Jimmy Butler is out. Those are all the easy ones, but we had our sort of, like, once a week Nikola Jovic sighting. No. You're not adding there. Haywood Highsmith played 35 minutes in this ballgame because Kevin Love was basically getting having young dudes run circles around, and he couldn't guard anybody on defense. That's why Love didn't play as much in this ball game. Kevin Love has actually still been streamable lately, and, frankly, even in a bad ball game here, he still did enough to not hurt you. Funny thing is, I think I'd rather have this Kevin Love game than the Jaden Ivey game. And I know that makes me sound like a crazy person, but, you know, he positive percentages, still got you some points and rebounds, and just, like, the difference was not no steals or blocks, really. And that's just the way my brain works against sort of the standard fantasy competitor. You know, most games, Highsmith and Love are kinda splitting minutes. And when Kayla Barton comes back, it might further complicate matters, but you're you're not picking up Highsmith after this one big ballgame, and we can continue. Still no Joel Embiid for Philadelphia, and to no one's surprise, they're not as good without him. And this is really the stretch where you've seen the Sixers miss James Harden because they need somebody to run the team. And as good as Tyrese Maxey has become, he's not at that level yet. The assists are are solid yet. 9 of them. I mean, they had a a really nice fantasy ballgame, but, like, I just I don't think you want your guy taking 29 shots. I think you want him you want a little bit more involvement. Because Maxey took 29 shots. Tobias Harris took 24. Kelly Oubre took 11. That was the next highest number. Not a good distribution. Still, you love playing the hawks, and you love overtime for Fantasy. D'Anthony Meltony is gonna work his way back into game shape. He's coming off this back thing, so they didn't wanna overextend him. He'll be fine. He's a hold. As he ramps up, Oubre probably ramps down. Hopefully, we get Joel Embiid back in the not too distant future. The big disappointment in this game was that, you know, I figured Paul Reed in an overtime game would get at least 20 something minutes. The nice news is that he still put up a good fantasy line in only 19 minutes. I'm still comfortable using Paul Reed when Embiid is out even if it's not gonna be these big eye popping numbers because Marcus Morris comes in and screws things up on that front, but he does enough. Same with, you know, and, like, Mo Bamba's in there kinda messing things up for him. But still, 20 to 25 minutes of Paul Reed is still startable in fantasy. Let's just hope that Embiid is back pretty soon. And now the player of the day and I forgot to talk about any Jalen's that had already played. I'm sure I missed 1 or 2. I did mention Jalen Williams, though. Jalen freaking Johnson. 25 points, 16 rebounds, 7 assists, a steal, 2 blocks, 3 3 pointers, 62% from the field, 6 of 6 at the free throw line, one turnover. He was a positive fantasy contributor in all 9 categories yesterday. That is remarkable. And on the year, Jalen Johnson is up to number 32 in 9 cat. That is just I mean, holy crap. What a year he's having. And the question I would post to all of you guys is, is Jalen Johnson the pick of the year right now? Because for a while, I thought it was Scottie Barnes, and it still could be. He has a good case for it. Barnes is number 13. For a while, I I thought there was a chance it could be Tyrese Maxey. He's fallen to number 18, which is still very impressive, but he's he's dramatically cooled. Chet Holmgren, he's at 14. That he's in the mix. Kawhi Leonard is number 6. He was being drafted in the thirties. But there's just something I think about a guy drafted at, like, a 135 or not drafted at all. That's a 3rd rounder. That just feels like it has to be the pick of the year because he was off the radar in a lot of leagues. The b 150 had him at, like, 55 or 60 or something like that. I can't remember the exact number. I think it I think Ethos tweeted it out last night, so it's my fault for not looking it up before coming on the show. So if you were in if you had a b 1 50 drafter in your league, they probably took Jalen Johnson in the, you know, 10th, 11th, 12th round, something like that. But a lot of leagues, he got picked up. 2 or 3 leagues that I was in, I picked him up. You know, Yahoo public leagues that only go 13 rounds. Picked them up. Some folks are calling for the pickup of the year, and I'm like, oh, I mean, again, like, draft I think draft pick of the year. Really remarkable. I love that discussion. I love talking about the positive side of fantasy. It fills my heart. People are gonna hear me talk about Jalen Johnson as the pick of the year, and they're in their mind, they're gonna go, he's sliding. Scottie Barn no. No. He's an awesome pick also. There's no right answer to this question. I think it's just fun to talk about these big winners. Jalen Johnson has to be near the top of the board. He has to be. Houston, also an overtime game. They could really use some depth right now. No Tari Eason. No official timetable on him. Dillon Brooks still out. Grumble, grumble. Cam Whitmore finally got an a more extended look in this ballgame. 33 minutes, 16, 5, and 1 with a couple steals and a couple of threes. I think Cam Whitmore is worth a speculative ad. The nice thing too about having a few kinda fill in or spec ads coming up on yesterday's card is that we also had, in this very same ballgame, some obvious drops to carry us forward. And that's from the Chicago side because now with Zach LaVine going back to full tilt and Vooch coming back to full tilt, you can drop Patrick Williams. You can drop Andre Drummond. You can drop Iota sumo if he was on one of your teams. You don't have to worry about him. The Bulls that need to be rostered, LaVine, White, Vooch, Caruso, Darosin. Those 5, they're also the 5 starters for Chicago, so that makes it easy to remember. It was really nice to see LaVine get going. He was one that I I had mentioned a few times as a by low because I think people were pretty frustrated with him. Also nice to see Kobe White stay warm here with Zach LaVine back. It seems more and more like White's season is not gonna be as tied to Zach LaVine and just more to his sort of natural hot and cold streaks. Where he settles is still kind of unclear. My guess is gonna be, like, in the 60 to 80 range because he doesn't get defensive stats, and that's always gonna keep him held back a little bit. And the field goal percent is probably not gonna be great in the long term. And then do the bulls trade guys. That's still on the board, but they are not in the number 9 seeds. So suddenly, they're like, well, I guess we could kinda run it back. And they're 13 and 9 at home, so they're not a complete disaster there anymore. And offensively, they've gotten a lot more fun lately. New Orleans may have actually ended a dynasty with this ballgame. Seriously. Because warriors Twitter, warriors media, the warrior team, all 3, full implosion. Trailed by as many as 40 points on their home court. They should move back to Oakland. This has to be the this has to be the the the curse of San Francisco. I wouldn't read too much into the fantasy stuff going on in this game. From a micro standpoint, I guess I did get a question if Trey Murphy needs to be roster. The answer is yes. Does Herb Jones need to be roster? The answer is when the team is healthy, probably not, but he had a better ballgame in this one. The questions in this game seem like they need to revolve around the warriors because the poop has hit the oscillating air movement device. Nerd alert. Klay Thompson, he was asked about getting booed at home, said something like, what? Do I need to worry about that? Yeah. Defensive. Someone asked Steph Curry if things need to change, and he said something like, well, what's the definition of insanity? Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. Getting a little warm in the yay area. But what does it mean? Well, it means one of 2 things. One of 3 things. There's 3 possible outcomes here on this Warrior situation. Outcome number 1, which in my opinion is the one that we almost definitely do see, but it doesn't preclude us from seeing the other two outcomes. Outcome number 1 is Draymond Green comes back in the next two games, and the warriors see if their heart because as Steph Curry is their best player, no one with a brain, of any shape or size would argue against Steph Curry being the team's best player. Steph Curry and Draymond Green, I would argue, however, are equally important to what the warriors do on a night to night basis. They don't have offensive fluidity without Draymond, and they don't have any defense without Draymond. They also lost Chris Paul, and everybody can talk about how he's old and washed and whatever, but he's actually still a good point guard, and so he was a guy that could get people open. The warriors basically lost their 2 point guards with Draymond and CP 3 both being out. Steph can play point, but that's not his best position. Steph Curry is a transcendent all around basketball player. But if everybody can just key on him and he has to do all the ball handling, which is kinda what's happening right now, that's a recipe for doom. Doom. So thing number 1, Draymond comes back. The warriors see what they look like. Do they look a little bit better? I would bet almost my entire life, they look at least a little bit better, provided Draymond doesn't choke hold anybody or grab someone by the you know whats and yank on it. Then he'll just be done. Then he'll have to actually retire instead of just threatening to retire. But then things can go in 2 different ways. Because once they see what they are with Draymond and they decide, look. Are we still close to being competitive, or are we still a train wreck? And this was like a 2 train collision. 2 trains going head on. It's the worst possible outcome in what we saw last night. But with Draymond, they have to decide, look. Are we just, like, are we still a train wreck, but just not as embarrassing a train wreck, or are we competent? Because once they get the answer to that question, then the warriors start to figure out, are we a buyer or a seller? Either way, change is on the horizon. If they're a buyer, which I think is actually great for a lot of guys, they send out pieces. Teams want Wiggins' contract. Teams want Jonathan Kuminga's human because young, interesting. Teams are gonna want Brandon Pogemski, glue guy, who's totally run out of energy, by the way. Teams might be interested in Trace Jackson Davis. Warriors will package together some stuff, a young guy, a bunch of picks, whatever. Go get another player. Okay. We'll reassess at that point. Or is it time to break it up? Is it time to take the chisel? Bang it through the middle of this thing, and just split it? In which case, Clay probably gets moved. Wiggins almost definitely gets moved. It's hard to know exactly where they end up and what their fantasy value would be in that scenario. All of this to say, we bring it all together into our lovely little package. You can't really do anything with the warriors until we know what direction they're heading. I'm not starting Trace Jackson Davis unless he's starting. I know we had a better ball game here, but when he comes off the bench, the minutes are too, too much influx. Klay, you start. Steph, you start. That's it for me right now. Even Podgemski, I'm not starting because he's hit a rookie wall, which rookies almost always hit a wall, and then you can always tell how fast it's gonna happen by how many times they're getting knocked to the ground in a ballgame. And Pajinski was playing so hard, and, like, his whole story to this point this year, it was a good one, by the way, was, oh, he's, like, grinding out, defending, getting rebounds, getting assists. There are 10 year NBA vets playing that have that profile that can't stay healthy for a full season, so you knew a kid coming in wasn't gonna be able to. And he's upright to his credit. He's still healthy, but he's got nothing in the tank. Let's see what happens when Draymond comes back, and then we can reassess again. But something's gonna pop for the warriors. What will it be? So I guess Utah is good now. Nothing changes on the Denver side, but for the Jazz, it's like it's a different assortment of players every ball game other than Larry Markkanen. So Markkanen is a start. That's an easy one. I haven't looked at his rank in a while. Where's Larry at? Did he fall back a little? No. He's still number 10. Damn. That's an impressive year. Chris Dunn had another good ballgame. He played 26 minutes here. I love Chris Dunn. I don't know why I'm so hesitant to make a move on him. I mean, I know why I'm hesitant to make a move on him. It's because, you know, half the time he's playing, like, 16 minutes. Chris Dunn's minutes since the team has gotten healthy are 19, 19, 18, 20, 16, 26, 33, 24, 26. They've trended up a little bit, but assists, steals, typically kinda field goal percentage. I didn't really shoot at all. He kinda needs to be rostered. That seems nuts because he's number 217 on the year. But over the last week, he's number 52 as, like, a weird point guard version of Matisse. Nobody really all that obvious is out for the Jazz right now, And Chris Dunn is splitting the point guard, man. It's almost right down the middle with Deontay George. 24 minutes a game is enough for Chris Dunn because he's gonna get you assists. He's gonna get you a ton of steals. The Jazz are playing their butts off right now. So add him to the mix. I like Larry Markkanen. I like Colin Sexton. I like Walker Kessler. I know Kessler's minutes are also all over the map. But over the last month, 2 months, he's been, like, number 65, so I wouldn't worry about the game to game too much. John Collins not doing enough on a game to game basis for me to quiet of a fantasy line these days. Kelly Olynyk, I think we can probably push to the side for now. Jordan Clarkson is on one of his heaters at the moment, and, obviously, he plays better when he has point guards with him. Chris Dunn being one that helps a lot. But for Clarkson, I mean, we've seen this a 1000 times. He has 3 big ball games in a row and then crashes into the earth. And anybody that doesn't remember the last one can't remember 4 weeks ago. Sell high on Clarkson when he's running like this. So, Clarkson, if you wanna start him when he's hot, I'm okay with that. Kessler, Sexton, Markkanen are the ones that I'm going with every day. And then right now, I think I'm going with Chris Dunn, but it is a little bit of a specialist look. I mean, damn. 24 minutes, he's getting you, like, 2 steals a ball game. He's got a Delon Wright thing going on. And then Toronto, they were able to hang in there for a while, but just kinda ran out of steam late against the Clippers. I don't think there's a whole lot to take away from this ball game. The usual. RJ Barrett is on a heater of his own just like the beginning of the year in New York. He's shooting, like, 52% from downtown right now. You know that's not gonna last long term. So if you really wanna play Barrett right now, you can. Just know it's gonna run out, and when it does, it's gonna be oogly. Oogly. Oogly boogly. It's gonna be bad. I'm sure I forgot to talk about a Jalen somewhere in there. We had Jalen Duran. We had Jalen Williams. We had Jalen Johnson. Those are the ones that are crushing it. I am excited by the fact that I look over into this they do a chat box on StreamYard, and I can see folks posting in Twitter. I can see folks posting on YouTube. I got stuff firing in on social. What a cool day. What a cool time other than the Marcus Smart news. One question that got asked that I didn't address was what to do, with Luke Kennard. And you guys know I like Luke Kennard, and I talked about him at the beginning of the year as somebody that I was sort of, like, side eyeing. Hey. Can this guy get enough minutes to actually put up consistent fantasy value? The answer is I I don't think they're gonna play him enough. I think the grizzlies believe his body can't quite handle a full workload. And if you look at his minutes per game this year, it basically tells that story, which is, first of all, he hasn't been healthy this season. He didn't start the YoHealthy, and he hasn't really ever been healthy. He's cleared 30 minutes one time. That was on November 5th. If someone could tell me that Luke Knarr was gonna get to play, like, 27 minutes a game, I would pick him up. But I'm not gonna do it before I see it happen because I just don't know that his body can handle it, and I don't think the grizzlies even believe his body can handle it. Vince Williams junior is gonna get the first crack at those minutes. You're gonna see the grizzlies try out all sorts of random crap now with the team going down, and they're gonna be a silly season club. So get ready to see Jacob Gilliard play down the stretch and Santi Aldama play down the stretch, and maybe Luke Kennard, and maybe Jon Konchar, and maybe David Roddy, and maybe Xavier Tillman, and maybe Zaire Williams. I don't know today. Today, well, I guess, I don't know. Does anybody the Grizzlies even playing tonight? I guess I probably should've looked that up before I started talking about them. I don't think they have a game today, do they? No. They they played again tomorrow. They host the Clippers tomorrow. What are the Grizzlies gonna do tomorrow? If JJ is back, it's gonna be probably but they waved Bismarck Biambo, so there's gonna be more Tillman who's iffy for fantasy value. JJJ, Desmond Bane, and then it's like, well, we'll see if anybody else actually gets to do enough consistently. Vince Williams likely starts, so that's the reason that I mentioned him as this sort of speculative ad for 12 teamers. Definitely an ad in in slightly deeper formats. And then you wait and see because they're not just gonna pull the plug on the season on January 11th. It sucks. They're gonna see if they can win a handful of games without Marcus Smart, but, I mean, ultimately, they won't. And then, eventually, they'll pull the plug. I don't think they're gonna be big sellers at the deadline because they still feel like they've got enough there. They've just been brutalized by injuries and suspensions this year. I don't think they're gonna be a buyer at the deadline because they know this season is a lost cause. They're a team that's probably gonna get to February March and just start giving their guys days off. And that's when you really wanna dig in. Not January 11th. February, March, that's dig in time on the Grizzlies. And that is where I will put a pin in it for today. Thank you for the lovely audience. To those that are hanging out with us live on Twitter and YouTube, please take a moment to like I don't even know where you're at. If you're on Twitter, maybe you could pop over to YouTube and hit the like button. If you're on YouTube, make sure you pop over to Twitter and follow. And no matter where you take in the podcast, please subscribe. That is such a big deal, such a big deal, especially here with us moving over to the Believe network. Wanna make sure that we make a great impression on them and on our friends over atmanscaped.com where you can get anything at Manscaped for 20% off and free shipping with promo code ETHOS 20. Promo code is ETHOS 20 ETHOS20 for 20% off your order and free shipping atmanscaped.com. I am at Dan Besperce over on social media. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. Come hang out with us over in Discord. The link is in the show description. Everywhere, I think, except Twitter has a show description. That one that one, I don't think, has anything there, so you'll have to find it if you're on YouTube or Itunes or where I'm forgetting how to talk here at the end of the program. That link is posted everywhere. I also have a pinned tweet with a bunch of these links as well. So if you're watching on on Twitter, that's a good place to find it over there. And make sure to get your fantasy news, and this is the Twitter handle. I'm gonna post it on the screen so everybody can see it on my way out. That is the Twitter handle to get your fantasy basketball news. That's the sports ethos fantasy basketball news feed. It's a really good one. And, make sure you check that out. Tomorrow, we'll have our big week in review show for Friday. I'm wondering I don't think I'm gonna have a show on Saturday, but I really wanna try to get a show out on Sunday because I missed so many over the last couple of weeks with winter break and the kids having gastroenteritis and me being out of my mind. And, look, everybody, remember how the other day I said I was gonna clean up my, facial hair situation? A little better today. Right? Still got a pretty thick beard, but that's okay. That's kinda what I'm going for. Cleaned up the cheeks, Clean up the neck. Shout out manscaped.com. Have a great Thursday, everybody. Again, game start basically in an hour. Set your lineups early. See you guys tomorrow.