Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Well, I feel like I've got a little bit more pep in my step today, and it's not really a great day to have more pep in your step because, whoo, the injury news was bad yesterday. Real bad. Ja Morant out for the season. Absolutely crushing, crushing blow to a Grizzlies team that waited out his 20 5 game suspension. Got 9 games out of jaw. They were certainly a lot better with him on the court. And now are back to not having him for the rest of the year. We got reasonably okay news on Cade Cunningham, and then Tyrese Halliburton got hurt during yesterday's ballgame. We got kind of okay news on Halliburton this morning as well. So I don't wanna say it's all doom and gloom, but it certainly starts with doom and gloom. Damn it. So this is brutal in a lot of ways. And, you know, I said I'd I'd try to do a better job of talking about the news of the day at the beginning of the show. And when there's big news like this, you kinda have to do it right out of the chute. Grizzlies are 13 and 23. They're a they've been above 500 since Ja came back. But as you may recall, prior to his return, they were something like, like, 3 and no. That's not right. Let's see. They're, the 36 games into the season right now. They were, what, like, 7 and 19 or something like that. That's one too many games. I think they're, like, 6 and 19 or 7 and 18 or something like that. That's a team that's not getting all that close to making a play in or playoff run. Yeah. I don't know that the Grizzlies were gonna get back into it. They're 4 and a half games out of a playoff spot, and they had multiple teams separating them from a play in spot. But they had hope, and hope was gonna be good enough to carry them to the end. Without hope this sounds bleak. I'm talking about fantasy basketball still. And reality I mean, this is reality for Ja. But without being too hyperbolic here, this potentially could change who the Grizzlies do and do not play down the stretch. Yet another reason why your head to head leagues should end at least 3 weeks early. Or just switch to games cap roto, and then you get what you get. As we say to the kids, you get what you get, and you don't get upset. Is there some sort of ad in the wake of the Ja Moraine injury? Not really. Marcus Smart was largely rostered at this point. He's someone we've talked about. And I thought with Ja around, I wasn't sure he was gonna be a top 100 guy. He wasn't a top 100 guy at the beginning of the year, but now we really have no choice but to see kind of, how the Marcus Smart thing develops over the next couple of weeks. What is his actual role gonna be on this team? Because it'll be more than that now than it would have been if Ja was around the rest of the season. And then other stuff we saw was, you know, other guys surfacing for a game or 2 here and there. Vince Williams was an example from their this last ballgame. We saw Santi Aldama play better for stretches. Guys that get hot, and then they get to do a little bit more. But some of that happened when both Ja and Marcus Smart were out at the same time. Shifting our attention over to Detroit, and I wanted to go through these 2 teams because they didn't play yesterday. This news came out on nongamedays. Cade Cunningham was ruled out for only 7 to 10 days with a reevaluation at the end of that. So it's possible it ends up being a little bit longer, but still, I think everybody was worried that this was gonna be, like, a 3, 4 week thing. It might not be that long. I also don't wanna spend much time on the Cade Cunningham thing, because I don't think that there's an obvious pickup for Detroit with him going down for a week and a half. You know, there's gonna be more for Jaden Ivey. We've seen Alec Burks doing more lately. All these guys are fringey schedule play type of dudes. And, again, if we're talking about, you know, what if well, if it turns out to be 2 and a half weeks or something like that for Cade, this is not a bend over backwards, try to get out in front of it kind of thing, especially not with anybody being a guaranteed replacement value guy. The team that I do want to spend some time on is the Indiana Pacers, but they did play yesterday. So instead of jumping straight into the Halliburton news, which, I mean, obviously, you're picking up TJ McConnell, but we wanna talk more about it a little bit more in-depth. Welcome to the show, finally. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. I'm your host, Dan Vesperis. I am I'm, like, 80 to 90% recovered from this thing that's been going around. My older kid poured son of a gun. He's 2 rooms over right now. He's doing some solo play. I think he might be playing a video game, honestly. Younger dude finally went back to school today. He missed, let's see, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Monday of this week with it, plus over the weekend. I mean, it's been what an hellacious stretch it's been here in the Vesper's household, because they had, like like, a slightly stuffy nose and low grade fever right after Christmas. My little one had it, like, Christmas day and the day after, and then my big one caught it, and he had it for 3 days. Then we went to Yosemite for 4 days, came back and had one godforsaken healthy day. Actually, it was New Year's Day. We traveled. We came back from Yosemite that day. We came home on New Year's Day, and then on the second, my older one started violently. And then the little one got it the next day. And, anyway, I got it on Saturday. So I I don't know. I guess I'm lucky that I'm back on my feet here by Tuesday. Good gravy. Anyway, you can find me over on social at Danvers. I'm doing something slightly different today. Also, I am simulcasting the show. I don't know if it's gonna change anything, but this episode is available on Twitter also. If it doesn't do anything, then I'm not gonna bother doing it going forward. But I don't know. I figure it can't hurt. I have no idea what x prioritizes. And now, like, do people sign on, and they see, oh, Dan is live broadcasting right now. 'Tis the answer to the age old question, what do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? Elephino, which also reminds me of that joke that they told in the original Hot Shots. You guys remember this movie? Valeria Gallino, I think, was the actress. Getting that right? And she says something like, what do you do to an elephant with 3 balls? And Topper Harley, played by the great Charlie Sheen, says, I don't know. And she says, you walk him and pitch to the rhino. God, I love that movie. Alright. Let's get into what happened yesterday. Boston Indy was the first game, so we can basically just jump straight into the the big story of the day, which was that Tyrese Halliburton went down. It looked bad. He basically got carried off the court by teammates because he didn't wanna put any pressure on a hamstring. I think it was a slip, actually. And it looked like we were looking at months. So, you know, depending on how you set expectations, the morning news on Halliburton turns out to be pretty good. The MRI revealed a grade one strain, which is the lowest possible strain you can have of your hamstring. He will be reevaluated in 2 weeks. My guess is that he's not ready to go at exactly that moment, but the simple fact that this wasn't like a he's out a month plus, let's, you know, piecemeal this crap together is, I think, a huge win in what was otherwise a really bad situation. So if he's being reevaluated in 2 weeks, shame of this course is that the Pacers are in the middle of a pretty good scheduling stretch. They had 4 games this week, 4 games next week, 4 games a week after that, 4 games a week after that before they finally have a 3 gamer. So games missed right now are gonna be sort of coming faster and more furious. Family is everything as those movies taught us. So you're you're looking at at least 7 games out for Halliburton. By all accounts, he probably misses another week after that. So you're looking at, like, 11 games. I think that's actually what Basketball Monster has on their board right now, and that's why. That's how they got to that number. Because 2 weeks is 7, 3 weeks is 11. If he's back after 11 ball games, you just sort of, like, chalk it up to unpleasantness, call it a win, and move on. This is, this is a huge deal for Fantasy teams, for reality too, because I have the Pacers as one of my biggest overplays of the season, the season win totals. And they're gonna have to work their butts off to tread water right now. They beat Boston. The only saving grace here for Indy is that they've got the Wizards next, which they should be able to win without Halliburton. They've got the Hawks after that, which is winnable, not easy. Then they're in altitude twice. Those are gonna be tough ones. They got Sacramento. Portland, that's a winnable ballgame. Phoenix and Denver, those are tough. Philly, Phoenix again. Memphis without Jah. I mean, if you look at these 11 ballgames, I think if you're the Pacers, you're you're looking at and you're going, if we can go 47 and get Halliburton back, then we'll be 2522. We'll still be in the thick of things. That wouldn't end us. So that's probably the way that they're looking at this next little stretch of ball games. From a fantasy standpoint, there's all kinds of stuff that this could actually mean for Indiana. The one big one is that TJ McConnell needs to be added everywhere as fast as humanly possible. Large fab budgets were blown on TJ last night, and some people were, like, you blew half your fab budget for a guy that's only gonna give you a month's worth of ball games. Honestly, I don't mind. Because when McConnell is the lead horse at point guard and don't don't don't talk to me about Andrew Nembhard being the lead horse at point guard. We know how this is gonna shake out. Regardless of who starts, the fantasy guy here is McConnell. TJ McConnell playing full starters minutes is a top 50 fantasy play, and you shell out for a guy like that when you know you're getting, in my opinion, at least 10 ball games out of him. That's a big, big thing. Yes. Bigger in roto than head to head. I get it, because with roto, you bank it. You get 10 games out of a guy who's, like, a 4th round value over the next 3 weeks? Maybe more. Again, I don't you know, I don't know that Halliburton's gonna just drop back in and play 35 minutes in his first game back. So, like, what if you get 15 games out of McConnell? What if you actually get a full month of 4th round value out of a pickup? That's worth spending on in Roto. That's a big, like, positive dent kinda guy. And I don't think you need me to go through, like, oh, you know, what has TJ McConnell done over the years to make you think that this is something that's gonna happen? It's, I mean, we have many seasons of evidence that this is an easy one. In fact, I think you can even just go to a game earlier this year. Didn't Haliburton miss 1 or 2 games earlier this season? McConnell played, like, 26 or 28 minutes in one of those games. He had a 28 minute game for a 3rd game of the year. I think Albert might have even been in for that ball game. He had 18 points, 7 boards, 5 assists, and a steal on 8 out of 13 shooting. Played 25 minutes on December 2nd at 20 points and 11 assists. 26 minutes on December 16th, 9 points, 5 boards, 9 assists, and a steal. Don't hit the 3 ball. If you wanted 3 pointers, you've come to the wrong place. But look. He played 25 minutes yesterday, and Alberton played the Q1 and a half and still had 124 and 7 with 2 steals. He's a high steals, high assists, decent rebounding point guard who shoots a high field goal percent. And the only thing you miss from a typical guard is the 3 pointer. But who cares? Big men hit threes now. I don't need my point guard to hit a bunch of threes if he's doing all those other things for me. So, yes, immediate TJ McConnell ad. Spend if you gotta. Smoke if you got them. But I don't think he's the only story here. Because, sure, DJ McConnell's gonna step in, and he's gonna have the lion's share of point guard minutes. Again, you know, Andrew Namari is gonna play more, but all he does is get points and assists. That's not enough. You need other stuff to be a 9 cat guy. I believe that Halliburton going down negatively impacts the guys that rely on his ability to get them open. Myles Turner, probably a guy who is negatively impacted by this. I would venture to guess that Jalen Smith is negatively impacted by this. Obi Toppin is likely negatively impacted by Tyrese Halliburton being out. But there are also likely guys that are positively impacted by Halliburton being out because of an increase in usage. Typically, guys that maybe wouldn't have the ball in their hand quite as much that are now gonna be relied upon to go create a little bit more. You know, McConnell's gonna come in and play minutes, but he's not gonna do as much as Halliburton did. So Aaron Nesmith, gonna have to do more. Benedict Matherin, gonna have to do more. Buddy Hield, probably gonna have to do more. I don't know about creating off the dribble. Remember when Sacramento asked him to do that, and it was not pretty? But he might have to do it. Even if it doesn't make a whole lot of sense, he might have to do it. Bruce Brown might have to do it. So I don't know that there's gonna be a big, like, starting lineup fliparoo, where you probably just get McConnell or an Emhart in for Halliburton, and then TJ ends up playing more minutes than Emhart no matter how they shake that out. But does this also mean that Buddy Hield is gonna get more shots? Because that's the guy you need to get more shots to get him back to value. He did yesterday. He also got a steal in 2 blocks. Does this mean that Benedict Matherin has a 3 week stretch where he's startable even outside of points leagues? I don't know. I kinda feel like I need to see what Hield and Matherin, in particular, look like in the Pacers next ball game before I'm, like, yeah, go do this. If you're in a roto situation, you could pick up those guys and just leave them on your bench for a game. If you're in a head to head, I don't know that I would spend a roster move on them. In a lot of formats, heeled is probably still on rosters, because he didn't really have enough time to stink after moving to the bench before this injury went down. If you're in a really competitive hyper aggressive league, he probably got dropped because he was bad, like, straight out bad for 3 games in a row. He had lost his job to Aaron Nesmith, Didn't look like anything was going the other direction, and then, bammo, Halliburton goes down. Hield has a better ballgame. So sure. I mean, like, they got 3 more games left this week. You wouldn't move them you wouldn't make the move today. But starting tomorrow, then they go 4 in 6 days. So okay. You could take a shot on it there on the head to head side. And, again, for Roto, you can make the move early because, presumably, you're in a games cap. Okay. That's basically the injury news. We're 18 minutes into a show, and we haven't really gotten anything that happened truly happened on the box scores outside of this one thing. Celtics are as predictable as they come. Jayson Tatum was resting his ankle, so Al Horford got the start. And Al Horford, when he starts, is a Fantasy play. He was fine. Wasn't great. But anytime Al's gonna get 30 minutes, you put him into your lineup. Easy peasy, 11 squeezy. Let's go to the next game on the board. I have no fantasy deltas to discuss from Thunder Wizards. None. Everything stayed exactly as it was in my mind. For those of you and this is one of the problems with doing a daily podcast is you sort of settle into this routine of, like, assuming everybody's been watching and listening to your show for many years. It's a bad habit. So for those that are watching or listening today for the very first time, here's how I feel about everybody on both of these two teams and why nothing changes for me in their eyes. Shay, awesome. Chet, awesome. Jalen Williams was a buy low about 5 weeks ago. That bad boy is cashed in. Nobody else is a 9 cat guy on Oklahoma City. And I know what you're saying, you'll be, like, damn, what about nope. Not Josh Giddey either. Points leagues, fine. Cat leagues, nah. Wizards, all they gotta do is not get blown out. And Tyus Jones is great, Daniel Gafford is great, and Kyle Kuzma is fine. He had a 22 and 15 game, and all of the best I can do is call him fine because he didn't really do anything else. No threes, no steals, no blocks, bad field goal percent. Sorry. I know it feels like I'm picking on Kyle Kuzma. Maybe I am. He'd make a lot of teams better, but he's also number 140 in 9 cat. That's not going anywhere because his percentages, turnovers, and defensive stats aren't fixing themselves. And then Jordan Poole is absolutely atrocious. He's number 182. And every time it looks like he's making even the tiniest bit of headway, he falls back. But you can't really drop him, can you? Denny Abadia is a stream while warm guy. He was great the first 3 weeks of the season. He was then bad for 5 weeks, and now he's been good for 2 weeks again. So play him when he's good. Drop him when he's bad. Seems like, actually, he's streaky enough where you can sort of, like, game out the streakiness. It's not one game here, one game there. It's, you know, gets good for a few weeks, gets bad for a few weeks. We haven't talked about, Bilal Qubilee in a while, which honestly kinda makes me happy, because there was a stretch there where the wizards were getting blown out every day. And I had to keep deflecting all of these, Dan, is it time to pick up Bilal? And I was, like, no. It's not. He's only getting minutes because these are blowouts, and his fantasy game isn't there yet. And, luckily, the Wizards, although, like, lately, they got blown out, I think, like, 2 3 of the last 4 or something like that. But prior to that, they've been competitive for, like, 5 out of 6 ball games, and finally people stopped asking about Cruella Belle. So let's keep going. That game was not all that interesting for fantasy purposes. Chicago beat Charlotte, took overtime to get there. I mean, we're talking zombie Hornets right now. Chicago is getting their bodies back, and I don't know that it's helping. Certainly, Alex Caruso always helps. Caruso, a plus 17 in this ballgame. Good god. There is I I feel like everybody in the NBA is just wishing they could pry that dude out of Chicago. Lakers letting him walk was the dumbest I mean, that was the dumbest roster decision. Anyway, Andre Drummond slid 21 and 15 in an unexpected mega burst. Vooch played 30 minutes. Drummond's minutes will continue to dial back as Vooch likely, I would think, moves into the starting lineup in his next ballgame. Was this Andre's last stand? Probably. I know Caruso's game wasn't all that great here from a fantasy standpoint, but he's gonna play a bunch anytime he's healthy. So go ahead and start him. DeRozan is up into the low forties in 9 cat. Remember when he was in the late sixties, and I was, like, this is the easiest buy low I've ever seen. And some of you were, like, no. He's too old. Nope. Nope. Old doesn't make your free throw stroke go away. A lot of these guys get better at free throw shooting as they get older because they're like, well, I lost everything else. I better make my foul shots. Zach LaVine played 36 minutes, only took 9 shots. Usage has not come back for Zach lately. He's also playing through what we hear is a sore shoulder. That's a weird situation, but he's getting the playing time. Overarching thoughts, with the team basically healthy right now, the guys that you're starting are DeRozan, Vooch, Kobe White, Caruso, and probably Zach LaVine, even if this game wasn't all that impressive. Ijo is a drop, Patrick Williams is a drop, and Andre Drummond is about to be a drop. If you wanted to hold on for one more game and see what happens, I'm o I'm okay with that, by and large. But I think we have a pretty good idea of what's gonna happen. Maybe not a perfect idea, but enough. Charlotte, I mean, everybody's out. Brandon Miller tried to play through a cold or flu or something, and he wasn't very good, which is a shame because, like, basically, anybody that's upright for this team right now has a chance at Fantasy value. Terry Rozier, 18 shots and 12 free throws. He was a usage bonanza for scary Terry. He's a sell high. It's, like, the most obvious sell high of all time, which makes it also the hardest sell high, because everybody's like, of course, you're trying to give me Terry Rozier because, him, LaMelo Ball, Gordon Hayward, PJ Washington, Mark Williams, and on and on and on, and the whole freaking team is out for a bad Charlotte team. That's bad to begin with. So, yeah, Terry Rozier is gonna have to play the whole damn ball game, and Nick Richards is gonna have to play the whole damn ball games, and Miles Bridges is gonna have to play the whole damn ballgame. And Brandon Miller, if he was healthy, was probably gonna have to play the whole damn ballgame, but seems like he wasn't quite all the way there. And then it's, like, well, someone else might get to do something. And in this one, it was a fella named Nick Smith junior. And I can tell you with full honesty, I don't know who this dude is. Why? Because he's a rookie. He's the 27th pick in this most recent draft. He basically had not played. I think his I think his season high was, like, 18 men no. He had a game right before Christmas where he had 19 points. This is the second time that he's actually had, like, a, hey, look at that guy kinda game, So I shouldn't be a total butthole about it. But, I mean, if you got the stone to pick up and play Nick Smith junior, have at it, man. I am not coming anywhere near it, because the next ballgame, it could be Bryce McGowan's or Nathan Mensah or JT Thor or Ish Smith. Nobody knows. Nobody knows. And the situation just keeps getting worse and worse. I still think this is a Bilodeau window on LaMelo Ball. Call me crazy. Call me a riverboat gambler for a team that's almost definitely gonna be shutting everybody down at the end of the year, but I feel like you get LaMelo on the cheap right now. Hey. Before we get to Houston, Miami, why don't you take a moment to follow on Twitter at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. Whether you're watching on YouTube, on Twitter, x, or listening after the fact, this is a perfect opportunity to come find me on social media. Again, it's at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. Our free sports ethos Discord link is available in the show description. And, also, check out our buddies over atmanscaped.com. Promo code there is ethos 20. Ethos20 is the promo code atmanscaped.com. Get 20% off your order and free shipping on the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra or whatever you decide you want atmanscape.com. Do not take my face as your example right now because my face is the face of someone who's lived in a house where everybody except, knock on wood, my wife has caught the, like, 5 to 7 day version of a stomach flu. I think I had this once before in life, maybe twice. This is, like, this is not one that comes around. You know, everybody, like, once a year, there's this there's the stomach thing that everybody gets, and, like, it zips through a school or whatever. And everybody feels sick for, like, 24 hours, and then it's just gone. Because it's really violent, and it's, like, in and out. And everybody catches it because it's all in and out. This is a different one where it's just, like, on and on and on, and you just can't get better. I'm not gonna shave my face with this going on. My goal yesterday was to walk around the apartment. Shaving is a lofty bar. I there was no intent. Like, oh, you know what? My goal today is to deal with my personal hygiene. Showering came first. I promise you all. So when you're, like, why would I get Manscaped if Dan looks like a rabbi on today's show? Well, consider the context. I will be shaving my face within the next couple of days with my Manscaped stuff. They're kind enough to send it to me, gratis, as the host of a show. You guys would have to pay, but you can get 20% off and free shipping with promo code ETHOS20 over atmanscaped.com. Please do check them out today. Let's pivot back into the games. Houston lost at Miami. I mean, the Heat are, like you know, I was just talking about how every team should just sell their whole farm to get Alex Caruso. Every team should literally sell every piece of equipment in the building and take all the money you found to hire Eric Spoelstra. I know he's not underrated, because everybody knows that he's a great head coach. But, somehow, he's still a tiny bit underrated. They're here 21 and 15 right now, and their best player has had, by all accounts, a down season, Jimmy Butler. And he's only played in 24 of their 36 ball games. He's missed a third of their game so far, and they just keep winning. Tyler Herro missed how many games did he he's only played in 18 of their 36. I mean, they've he missed half of them. How do they do it? They're tied for the 4 seed in the Eastern Conference, running out lineups that are, like, Bam Adebayo and this. It's like going to a restaurant where they list the main course, and then instead of saying what comes on the side, it just says 4 sides at random. Sir, yes, waiter. I will I'll have the rib eye, somewhere between medium rare and medium. Oh, I don't get choices on the sides? You're just gonna throw 4 things at my face and laugh? Okay. And it works. Everybody's going to that restaurant. So in this one, Tyler Herrell, Bam Adebayo, they scored 50 points on 32 shots between them. Jaime Aquez continues to be somewhere between decent and good. Kevin Love has gray bearded his way to a fantastic streaming run right now. Duncan Robinson, sometimes good, sometimes terrible. When he's good, he plays. When he's not, he doesn't. I don't understand. I mean, I watch it. They're just, like, the Heat watching the Heat play and I'm not a huge hockey fan, but watching the Heat play kinda reminds me of hockey in the way that everything is tethered. Everybody's tethered. It's like a dance with that team. It doesn't matter who's out there. You just drop a new dude in, and they know the dance. The understudy knows the dance. They're impressive, man. The Heat are which, of course, at the say like, you can be impressed, and at the same time, a little bit sad about the fact that if they had one more truly special player on that team, they could probably win the championship. I hope they I hope they take a swing. Go get somebody, Miami. Anyway, as far as fantasy goes, let's talk about the fantasy ramifications of this game. There were very few. Tara Eason was still out, and nobody's really shown an inclination to fill in for him on the Houston side. So you had a whole lot of Freddie VanVleet and Alper and Shangoon. Cam Whitmore looks like he's gonna have some pretty good fantasy games, but his minutes aren't high enough yet. Jayshawn Tate has the minutes, but isn't doing anything for fantasy. Jalen Green is terrible. Jabari Smith is up and down, but he's got he's a guy who's generally started moving on to the Heat side. Kyle Lowry is not someone I'm trusting as a fill in. He didn't make it through this ball game anyway. I think he was dealing with a cold, and then he hurt a hand or something like that. Josh Richardson and Duncan Robinson played well off the bench. I'm not trusting the bench guys right now. My mainstream is Jaime Aquez, who people, like, oh, he might still be good with Butler back. Yeah. He might, actually. He could be. They like, they could slide one of those dudes up to power forward, so you would never pre drop there. And then I don't know how he's doing, but but Kevin Love is a stream right now. If Caleb Martin ever shows up, then this gets a little bit funky again, but he ain't there right now. Utah beat Milwaukee. Soundly soundly beat Milwaukee. 132 to 116. This game actually was a bigger blowout than that. Utah is just mixing and matching right now. And rather than get into each individual player because, like, look, Chris Dunn had a big ball game here. Jordan Clarkson played well in this one. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I would argue that, like, 7 to 8 guys had serviceable fantasy lines, and not all of those guys were the dudes who played bigger minutes in this ball game. You know, Chris Dunn, 24 minutes. He had 13 assists. Colin Sexton, 18 minutes. He had 19 points, 3 threes, 3 assists, and a steal. Keontae George had 19 points. They just shot the crap out of the ball. 33 assists and shot the crap out of the ball. Let's try to make it simple. Who are the Jazz that I'm starting every night, meaning the roto games cap level? Those of you that are uninitiated, my the top level for me is someone I would use against a roto games cap. So that's level 1. So that's basically, like, all formats all the time. Those guys on the Jazz right now are obviously, Larry Markkanen, Colin Sexton, and Walker Kessler. Because those guys have either very good fantasy game, where they don't need a giant number of minutes to get it, or are getting consistent minutes or some combination thereof. The next tier down for me are guys that I would call head to head only, but maybe not roto. So in this case, that might be someone like a Kelly O'Linnick, who's put up pretty well rounded lines lately, but not reliably enough to use against the games cap. But he's not hurting you anywhere, so he's been decent enough for head to head. John Collins, you could probably play on head to head, because he's been fine but unspectacular, more of, like, a plodding kind of line. Jordan Clarkson is a stream while warm guy. That's kind of the next level down where you can play him in any format, but only when he's on a heater. And then below that is probably just the guy that you're not playing. So the 3 I like on Utah, as I mentioned, Markkanen, Sexton, and Kessler, and then there's some other guys that are sort of slotted underneath that, But that's where I feel about that team. Milwaukee was down both point guards. No Damian Lillard, no campaign. Andre Jackson junior got the start. You don't have to worry about that. More importantly, when Dame is out, that means there's probably enough shots for someone like a Malik Beasley to maybe get back over the cut line for a game. And that's another level, is injury replacement. Beasley is injury replacement level slash 3 point streamer. But when Dame is in there, he's not getting enough shots, and he's not doing enough things besides just taking 3 pointers. And that's where he sits, and that's really kind of the only, I think, piece of information we learned from this game on the Milwaukee side. Let's go ahead and tackle the last one. Phoenix got spanked by the Clippers. This was a reeducation. Phoenix has problems. You're seeing Twitter getting fussy right now, about how they need to blow it up. I would try to remind Suns fans that Phoenix has had their 3 stars together for, what, 3 ball games? Because, remember, Kevin Durant missed a couple games, and then it was just Beal and Booker. And there were some stretches in there where it was just Booker, and there were some stretches in there where it was just KD. They're still very I mean, I know we're 30 they're, sir, 37 games into the season, but they're basically, like, you have to treat this like it's November 1st for Phoenix. We have no idea what they are. I don't think they're gonna play very much defense. But at some point, offensively, this team's gonna be pretty freaking good. I'm holding Grayson Allen. That's literally the only Fantasy note on this game. Possible buy low on Bradley Beal because you had that, like, adrenaline spike when he came back. Now his legs are a little jiggly, and then he'll settle in. He'll get his c legs, and he'll be okay. I don't know that you I mean, maybe you could pull off a buy low. If you get him for, like, a 100 range guy. And then the Clippers, this is one of the Evita Zubatz. By the way, Evita Zubatz is now a member of the stream while warm department, because he runs very hot and cold. He puts up these 2 or 3 big names in a row. He has a week where he's, like, top 50, and then drops off a cliff. He's hot right now, so have at it. Otherwise, no big surprises. The 3 main dudes, Kawhi had 6 defensive stats, yay. James Harden, double doubled, yay. Paul George, 20 57, yay ish. I didn't think the Clippers were gonna be this much of a fantasy gold mine. I have a lot of Kawhi and Harden on my fantasy teams, because I felt they were just getting drafted too late. And by and large, that's worked out very well. I didn't have much Paul George, and he's number 12. It's crazy. The Clippers got 3 guys on their team inside the top 16 in 9 cat. How about them apples? Alright. That's your recap. I'm sorry that everybody's hurt. That's, man. Rough go yesterday. Rough go. Couple of quick notes from the chat room. A lot of the folks that are saying that they're, happy to have me back. Thank you. I appreciate it. It was, oh, unpleasant, doesn't even begin to tell the story. Brandon Marcus, host, one of the 2 hosts, I should say, of our fantastic Clippers podcast here at Sports Ethos, Ethos Clippers. What type of dude are you targeting for Terry Rozier? That's a great question because I don't think you're gonna be able to really fool anyone into thinking that this is who Rozier is. He's number 26 and 9 cap, but he's at 19 shots, 5 free throws, and 7 assists. Like, he's involved in everything they're doing. And at some point, LaMelo Ball is gonna come back, and those numbers are going to take a bit of a nosedive. And then, presumably, you'll get over the guys come back too for Charlotte. Also, Rozier and a team this bad, very much a threat to get moved. It's not a guarantee. Nothing is a guarantee in life. I think if you can lock in a top 50 level guy coming back, I would do it. I think if the best return you're gonna get is, like, 65, I don't think I would. I think I'd rather just ride out the Rozier thing and see how it goes. And, you know, if it hurts later, and you're, like, ah, damn it. Someone was gonna give me Keegan Murray. Okay. Fine. Like, maybe that ends up being something you lose in in your head to head playoffs on. But for now and you know me. I'm all roto games capping and tallying up what he's doing. I I don't think that I would take something back that's that low. I think I would wanna aim a little bit higher. Shining Knight asks if boy on Bogdanovic is gonna get a boost with Cade Cunningham out. Yeah. I mean, he probably takes an extra shot or 2, so it doesn't hurt. It's a good question. TJ McConnell or Benedict Matherin on the pickup? TJ. TJ. Should I drop Brandon Podgemski to burn a waiver on TJ McConnell? Yeah. I think I would, actually. I think Podgemski, as much as I like him and I like his fantasy game, I do think he's kind of fatiguing a little bit. And the Warriors are trying something new, basically, every ball game. And at some point, Draymond's gonna come back, and that's I know you're, like, oh, but he's a big guy. It's gonna yeah. It's gonna impact everybody, because the Warriors are just gonna slide guys up and down. The only thing holding me back from saying a hard yes on this is the Chris Paul injury. Because Chris Paul's out a month, and so those minutes are gonna have to go someplace. And it does feel like Podgemski's the guy that should get some of them, but we also know that TJ McConnell is going to go big for 3 weeks. I gotta go big, I think. If you're asking about trade questions, I'm not doing those on a live show. We'll we'll have a trades show. In fact, I have an idea of just doing a show that's exclusively trades at some point. It won't be today, and it probably won't be this week unless everybody magically gets healthy in the next 24 hours, then maybe. So let's see. When is LaMelo Ball coming back? I wish I knew for sure. I think it's gonna be in the next 2 weeks. And we haven't heard anything, which means this is your last chance to buy low. Because as soon as there's a timeline on him, whoever's been holding on this whole time is not about to move on. Let's see here. Yeah. Chris Dunn in 24 minutes is solid. If someone could legitimately tell me that Chris Dunn was gonna get 24 minutes every night, I would have him on every damn fantasy team. But we've seen all of this stuff, and it's been, like, 12 minutes, 17 minutes, 24 minutes. Hooray. And then back down to, like, 14 again. Where do you see Dame the rest of the season? Well, probably not too far from where he is right now. I think he's number 18 in 9 cat on the boards I'm looking at, and he's been pretty consistently in that range. I do still think that there's a heater coming where he shoots 50% for, like, 5 or 6 games in a row, just like a like a real mega heater Dame version, and that'll push him up a few slots. But, you know, top 18 feels pretty reasonable on Lillard. And what is Jayson Tatum's trade value? This is a tough one, because somebody probably drafted him at, like, 7. And then he was at 36 last, 2 weeks ago. Now he's back up to number 23, because, obviously, he wasn't gonna shoot 79% of the free throw line all year. I think he still moves a little higher than this. He's at 80.7%. I know this is, like, it's really math. It's it's very hair splitty. But if Tatum just continues to do exactly what he's doing in everything besides free throws, and the free throws go from right now being a net neutral, which, again, 2 weeks ago was a small negative, now they're at neutral, and it becomes a small to medium positive, get them up to, like, 84, 85%, he will move another 4, 5, 6 slots up the board. So I think Jayson Tatum is probably inside the top 20, inside the top 18, just like Dame we were talking about a minute ago as the season goes. But in terms of trade value, if you drafted him at 7, you probably don't wanna take back someone who's 20. And if you're trying to buy on him, you're probably trying to do so with someone that's near where he is right now. So I don't know that it's ever gonna link up. That's why I had Tatum on the buy low board when he was at 36, because at that point, I was, like, you know what? You might be able to get him for someone ranked near 20, like Kristaps Porzingis or Tyrese Maxey, or Maxey, or I think these are guys that maybe kinda passing the night a little bit. And now I don't think that's gonna get it done anymore. Now you'd have to go up the board, and you'd have to give up Dame or Harden or Kyrie or Paul George. And I do you want to? Maybe. I mean, Tatum's healthier than some of those guys. But, like, remember when everybody was upset about Kyrie Irving? Because he was, like, number 25. He's number 14 per game and climbing. Alright. Let's wrap it up. Why? Because I'm hoping that I can do another show this afternoon. What show? I don't know. Because we did a Bilo on Friday, so it feels like doing another one would be a little bit dumb this soon. But I have all these ideas for shows that I wanna do. The Trade Raiders show that I just mentioned earlier, and this one, I really wanna do I haven't done a sell high in a while. Maybe that's the one to just ease back into it, but I really wanna get a second show going this afternoon. And I also wanted to take some time to, again, shout out the Believe Sports Network for bringing us aboard. Maybe that'll happen over on social. Anyway, they've been amazing so far. Oh, here's one last question. Booker owner, is it time to panic and sell? I watched them play. He is always double teamed. Listen. If I talk about Devin Booker, I'm gonna get accused of being a little bit of a negative Nancy. And I don't I don't wanna I don't want people, like, Dan, you're always down on Booker. I just never thought he was gonna be number 12, which is basically what his ADP was. And now he's number 29 in 9 cat. It's not that he's been bad. He's still averaging 26 points, 7.8 assists, 5 boards, 2 threes, like, a lot of really good stuff. It's it's 2 things going on, how hard it is to be a top 12 pick or top 12 fantasy player, because the pinball numbers guys are putting up at the top of the board this year is truly insane. They're astronomical. But, also, that there are little things. It's nitpicky, but there are little things in Devin Booker's fantasy game that aren't going away no matter how much he's given. Those little things are he's not that big of a 3 point guy. It feels like he is, because he scores a lot. But 2.1 right now is pretty high for him. And the assists that were at, like, 8 and change, you always knew those were gonna start to come down as his teammates got healthier. And the steals that were at, like, 1.2, you knew those were coming down, and the blocks are coming down. And I don't again, I really don't want this to seem like I'm picking on him. But what did I say during draft season? I said Devin Booker is gonna lose some usage, and he's probably gonna be more in the twenties than the teens, and he is now. So, no, I don't think it's time to panic. I think this 20 something iteration of Devin Booker is probably more what we should have expected from the outset, but he got hurt immediately. And then KD got hurt, and so it was just like Booker against the universe. And, of course, he was gonna put up 30 points and 10 assists, because he was playing with a bunch of Joe Schmoes. And even the first wave of Joe Schmoes got hurt. Grayson Allen was out for a while, and Eric Gordon missed a couple of ball games. Now you're really, like, who were these guys? Team's getting healthy. When they start to figure out how to play together, he shouldn't have to do as much every game. That's okay. This was the handicap from the outset. He was overperforming early because the situation was better early. Okay. I'm at Dan Vesperos over on Twitter. Some of you might even be watching on Twitter right now. I have no idea if that was useful. If you are someone who watched live on Twitter, x, send me a note to let me know that it was useful and improved your experience some way. If nobody says anything, I'll probably just go back to putting it on YouTube, iTunes, Spotify, and all that good stuff. But I figured it can't hurt to have it in more places. You know, more Dan. Who doesn't want more Dan talking about his family's digestive problems? Have a great middle of your Tuesday. Again, I'm hoping that we can do another show this afternoon. Stay tuned for that. Make sure to like and subscribe, however you're taking in the stuff. And that way, you'll know if we've got another show in the afternoon. If you ask me questions in the chat room I didn't get to, things like trade questions, whatever, you can put them in the comments, or you can wait. Because at some point here, I'm gonna do a Trade Raider show, and I kinda want you guys to have a whole bunch in the hopper ready to go. Keep them ready to go. Alright. Later for now, everybody. We'll talk to you soon.