Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. What's happening, everybody? Welcome to this, Wednesday, days of the week. Who needs some edition? Fantasy NBA today. I need a I need to relight the fire. I need to relight the fire. We're so close to the end of the season. And, you know, for Roto Leagues, this is a time when you really wanna hunker down, but it's, you know, it's less so about the sort of day to day insanity on the roto side. And it's more about isolating the key stats you need. So it's a it's a really different process in Roto right now. And then, of course, head to head, we have our second show every day where we break down who you're streaming, whatever. I'm trying to figure out a way to synthesize this. And and the best thing I've come up with so far is doing these back to back shows. But if something else pops into my dome, we'll, we'll try to do that. Also, working on a side project right now where I'm hoping I can catalog my feelings on basically every fringe fantasy player in the NBA, and there's a lot of them. There's, like, probably a 100, so it's gonna take a minute. But I feel like that would be a really cool way for people to be able to sort of refer back. Oh, what did Dan think about this particular fringy guy? Is this the guy that Dan's high on? Is he low on? You guys don't have to and I you know, me repeating myself is also part of this equation. That maybe comes off the table as well. Follow me on Twitter at Danvers. If you're watching on social, pretty easy. Just hit the button if you're watching anywhere else or listening somewhere else. It's at danbesbris. This, of course, is a sports ethos presentation where the fantasy baseball draft guide is available now. Make sure to go get yourself a copy of that on the Fantasy Pass, Baseball Fantasy Pass, or all sport today. Yesterday was a short card. We'll move our way through it methodically. Couple of teams I do wanna kinda stop and and freeze on for a minute. Houston is not really one of them, but there are a couple of quick notes on the Rockets. Note number 1, Jalen Green in the month of March has now officially become a thing. If it wasn't before, it is now. He's going crazy this month, and he sort of let's say, historically, he hasn't been in the NBA all that long. But, historically, he has been very good at the tail ends of seasons. And it's very strange. How does mentally, what's going into this process that that makes him a different player when the end is in sight? It's almost like he's done getting out of his own way. So to that end, this is probably one of those rare times where I'd say go ahead and and play the hot guy. Normally, you know, I like to avoid streaming a player who's just sort of running hot, but it does feel like Jalen Green can just be it in March. Maybe April 2. Ahman Thompson. He slid into a role that we always wanted him to, which is, the minutes that Alper and Shengoon left by the wayside. Rockets have definitely opted to go small. Yeah. They've won a few games in a row here, so they're feeling better about themselves, and there are a few things happening on that front. They won the actually 6 games straight. They're now only 2 and a half back of the warriors, interestingly enough. But it's also worth pointing out that, you know, a win over the Wizards is not exactly something to write home about, and they have 2 of those during this 6 game win streak. Also wins over the Spurs and the Blazers. So 4 of the 6 wins have come against teams that are actively trying to lose basketball games. They also beat the Cavs who basically haven't had half of their starting lineup, and they beat the Kings. That was a a pretty good win. So, you know, credit to the Rockets. They they're beating the teams they're supposed to, but also these are some really bad teams. When they get challenged with this lineup, I'll be curious to see what happens next. They've got the Bulls coming up. That'll be a semi challenge, but then they've got the Jazz and the Blazers again before the schedule gets a little bit tougher. They still have the they actually still have 3 games left with the tanking Utah jazz, but, basically, every other game besides that is gonna be against pretty good teams. I think there's one more blazers game down the line also. So that'll be an interesting test for the Rockets. We'll see how they perform in that situation. Fantasy wise, Ahman Thompson, obviously, just a massive, massive win. He didn't play great the first game or 2 when Shengun went down, but it was so clear that those minutes were going to eventually land on him. Should Cam Whitmore reappear at some point, will wanna take a look in his direction? I don't think you have to preempt that, and you certainly wouldn't drop Thompson for any reason, on that front. And then you've got Joc Landale who came in off the bench and blocked 7 shots in 20 minutes. 20 minutes ain't enough. You know, as much as I love the 7 blocks, 20 minutes isn't enough. And we do this thing in fantasy where we only look at the last game a player played and then try to make a call based on that alone. And for Landale, you know, the first game when shengoon went down, what did he play? 26 minutes. He had 11, 4, and 5 with 2 steals and a block, and then he basically did nothing for 2 games. And then he had this 7 block massive, massive outlier. I think you guys know what to do with outliers, but just in case, watch list. You don't need to go any farther than that. Wizards, on the other hand, are, an interesting bunch right now. So, Kyle Kuzma was not on the injury report immediately after the last ballgame where he was out, and they got readded to it, I think, late on Monday, dealing with that sore shoulder. I don't think he's totally done for the year. I think if he was done for the season, they'd just come out and say it. There's sort of no reason not to. You're the wizards. You're losing a lot of basketball games. But I have also no idea when he may reappear. That's the the problematic side of this. Also, Tyus Jones doesn't sound like he's close to coming back. Marvin Bagley doesn't sound like he's close to coming back. Denny Avia, I don't really know. So the Wizards have basically wiped out their starters. Pretty much all of them, if you consider Jordan Poole a bench player now who moves back into the starting 5. So all of a sudden, you have a completely different Wizards roster. When I did yesterday's podcast, Kuzma was not on the injury report. So most of what I said was like, look. If Kuz comes back, he takes 22 shots off of these guys, and then, you know, Justin Champagne and Patrick Baldwin and and, Anthony Gill and Jared Butler and, like, all these guys that got a bunch of extra things to do yesterday probably weren't gonna get all of those extra things to do. But then Kuzma got re added to the injury report, ended up getting ruled out, and they all did get all these things to do. So we kinda have to have 2 parallel paths for the Wizards in terms of how we react going forward. If you're on the head to head side, they don't have a particularly good schedule. They play tomorrow. They play Saturday. Just 2 games left the rest of this week. There are a lot of teams left that have 3 games. We talked about it on yesterday's streaming show. I think there are 22 teams yesterday that still had 3 games left in the week. That number goes down a little bit after last night, but still quite a few remaining. So if you're making a move, you're probably going to somebody that has 3 games left. If you're on the roto side and you're stat hunting, there are a few names to keep in sort of the back of your mind. Name number 1 is a guy we've talked about for a while. That's Corey Kispert, who's going to score, and I don't know what's going on with his free throw stroke lately. But he's gonna hit a bunch of 3 pointers, and, usually, he'll get you a couple of rebounds, couple of assists. If he's out there for 35 minutes, he'll probably sort of bungle his way into a steal. Not exactly his thing, but the minutes are so high. That type of stuff will often happen. So I'm gonna hold on to Corey Kispert despite yesterday's game being relatively quiet. Rashaun Holmes belongs on rosters right now. He's not going particularly high usage, which is a little bit of a shame given the dudes around him don't exactly deserve it more than he does. But 26 minutes or more for Holmes, that's a top 100 play. Historically, even though he's, you know, very much very clearly lost a step over the last couple of seasons, 12 and 9 is stealing a block. He's also a good percentages guy from the center spot. It's very easy to put up fantasy stats when you're a center who has good percentages. Then you get into some of these no namers. Well, Jordan Poole, you're starting because the usage is just gonna be through astronomical while he's kinda the last man standing. But then you get into all these relative no namers who have suddenly stepped into much larger roles. Those guys are Johnny Davis, who played 27 minutes and did absolutely nothing with it. So that's an easy don't need to add. Patrick Baldwin, who actually looked pretty good in the previous game, but his minutes got shaved back down to 21 in this one. Fantasy line was fine, but unspectacular. Watch list on Baldwin. Jules Bernard had 16 points in 19 minutes off the bench. Someone to keep a very, very soft eye on. Same story for Anthony Gill who had a pretty good bench line, but the minutes weren't high enough. And then you get to the 2 guys that probably deserve the hardest look of all these kinda new to the equation players, Jared Butler and Justin Champagne. Butler took 19 shots in his 31 bench minutes yesterday. The 2nd highest usage on the team behind Jordan Poole ended up with 15 points on 19 shots. 9 assists though, a steal, and a block. And so the question then becomes, is this a guy that they start to make, well, just a replacement point guard? And the answer is, we don't really know yet. We don't really know yet because his minutes have been higher for, 2 games, really. Well, 3, kind of. Slowly ramping up. In the previous 2 games, he played 22 minutes apiece and had a total of 13 points and 7 assists. And then yesterday, all of a sudden, out of nowhere, 19 shots in 31 minutes, 15 and 9. I don't think you need to race out and add Jared Butler. I think you should probably call him a a strong watch list in case this is a type of thing that sticks. And then Justin Champagne, who is clearly the closest out of all of these guys to having a more consistent level of fantasy production, played 36 and now 31 minutes in his last two ball games, with all of these guys out. Now if Avdia or Kuzma comes back, I don't think you can reliably say, oh, yeah. Champagne's gonna get 30 plus minutes. But in these two games, he's got 9 for 20 shooting, which isn't bad. 8 of 8 at the free throw line. That's good. 16 rebounds, 4 steals over those ball games. That stuff feels somewhat repeatable if the minutes stay high. I think if you're looking at Champagne from a head to head standpoint, it's almost too hard to make that call because their schedule isn't good. They play on all the high traffic days next week and none of the low traffic days. And we don't know if Kuzma and Avdi are coming back at any point, So that makes it really hard to make that call. For Roto, you know, if you have deadweight, you could pick up champenis, stick them on your bench, and just kinda see how the next game or 2 goes. I don't know that I would just immediately drop him in. Sacramento should be a relatively high scoring game. Toronto, they're in sort of relative tank mode these days. If everybody remains out, would I have the stones to play him against the games cap in their next ballgame? Probably not. Although you guys know me. I tend to be a bit more conservative using up stuff against the games cap, but that's where I sit. Kill me if you like. Charlotte, I don't care about the schedule stuff. We'll talk about that on the second half, our, our other show later on today. As far as, you know, Roto, who do you play against the games cap? Miller, Bridges, Mann, Mitsich, all 4 of those guys have been solid against the game's cap lately. Mann is gonna be your closest to dropping out because of the holes he has in his Fantasy game. Nick Richards is, remains in the doesn't matter grouping, you know, between a100a100 and 50. Yeah. Grant Williams is finally cooled off. Kinda knew that was coming. He's also in my eyes in that doesn't matter grouping. And with Trey Mann back, that hurts Williams. I I think Grant still probably plays enough to have some fantasy value, but inconsistent and also kind of a weird fantasy game. Jalen Suggs has been playing well lately. And, look, I mean, we we know about enough about the Jalen Suggs experience this year to know that, number 1, he is an outstanding real life defender. And number 2, he's had these stretches where he's run very hot, and then he's had stretches where he runs very cold. It's hard to isolate them or to know when they stop and when they end. Right now, he's in the midst of about a 3 week heater. He's shooting almost 60% over that run. And when he shoots the well, the ball well, when the field goal percent is not a giant negative, the defensive stats carry him through. So right now, Jalen Suggs, I think we can officially upgrade from doesn't matter range or schedule range to a play, because the deep defensive stats are back. It seems like he's got his legs back underneath him. He's just playing really well right now. And, you know, it's not gonna be every single ballgame as a winner. But if you look at his recent performance, he shot over over 50% in 3 of his last 4 ball games. He had a couple of games where he, was injured prior to that. But even before that, he had shot over 50% in 7 consecutive ball games. This is after a stretch in the middle of the season where he shot under 50%, like 80 to 90% of the time for almost 2 months. So his roster ship is going back up. He's always been a great steals guy. That's been the case all season long, and he's pushed himself back up to a start. So go ahead and start Jalen Suggs, see how long this heater goes. At some point, it will run out, and we wanna be careful about it. But there's only, what, 3 and a half weeks left in the season anyway? So, you know, maybe it lasts the rest of the way. I don't know. Honestly, it's just nice to have something to talk about on the Magic, fantasy wise. The Peli Pelis. Man, it is hard to hang on to Jonas Valancunas right now. I don't know if you can. I mean, you kinda have to I look. We this is a hard one for me to talk about because I was in fade mode on Valancunas during draft season. If you guys remember way back when, I basically just said I didn't wanna draft him. He's still number 86 on a per game basis on the season, but that's largely because the first two and a half, three months this year, he was very, very good. And during that stretch, I was like, good lord. Did I really whiff this hard? Was JV like the man, and I had no idea? And, as it turns out, no. He he is not the man. He was just running crazy heavy for a while. The Pelicans are finally kinda rotating into a little bit more of a small ball situation. They'll play Nance at at center when they need some defense. They'll play Zion at center when they need some offense. They just haven't needed JV lately. And for the better part of a month and a half now, he's been sitting close to the edge of the back, of, like, the top 175. That's a hard player to hold on to. And I, honestly, I don't think you really have to. I traded for him. I think I mentioned this on a previous show. I traded for him in one league where I desperately needed big man stats, field goal percent, rebounds, basically. So I'm gonna hang on to him there. And I think in a lot of spots, you can hang on, and at some point, they'll have a game where they need Valancunas to to play big. But right now, they don't. Herb Jones is healthy again. Trey Murphy's been running warm, not as much in this ballgame, but you hold right now. Najee Marshall's been getting an uptick in playing time. Nance is healthy. That's a big one for JV. So very the softest of hold recommendations on Valentiunas right now. The softest of hold recommendations. But, again, I drafted him in precisely 0 leagues. I'm in 8 Yahoo Cash Leagues. I'm in a couple of others. I'm in about 10 ish this year. I drafted Balanchunas in none of them. He was an avoid guy for me, and it's finally looking like that's the case. Although, jeez, 1st 3 months, not so much. Anyway, so it's hard for me to put myself in your shoes, but I think I would probably try to hang on just a little bit longer even if it's very complicated. You guys know me. I love Larry Nance junior. I've been tricked so many times on the Nance thing. I can't do it, guys. I can't do it. He needs about 23, 24 minutes to be a consistent Fantasy player, and he's gotten that in 4 of his last 5 ball games, but he had only gotten that one time in the previous 7. He's on a stretch right now where they're leaning into his skill set, some of it's opponents, some of it's just lineups and whatever. I can't do it, guys. I can't do it. They play on the off days next week, meaning the light days. So to that end, like, head to head side, he makes more sense. Roto, I just I can't I can't do the Nance thing again. Brooklyn's terrible. They've been so terrible for so long. They thought a coaching change would magically fix it. It didn't. They're just bad. They're a bad basketball team. They're 4 and a half game still back of the Atlanta hawks who don't have Trae Young, and the nets are so bad that they can't catch them. We are now finally to the point where people are like, should I bandage up on the Nets? Should I drop everybody 3 weeks ago? I'm like, there's just no like, there's no reason for them to shut everybody down on March 1st. I don't believe they have their pick this year. They were still mathematically within striking distance of the play in tournament. We're starting to get close now to the point where even if they don't have their own pick, it'll just be time to pull the plug because there's no reason to it. Miguel Bridge is gonna wanna play in every ballgame. That's his shtick. And Cam Thomas is gonna want a chance to just go nuts. But at some point here, you're gonna probably see Nick Claxton get a day off. You're gonna see Schroder get a day off, I would imagine. You're gonna see Cam Johnson get some more days off, although he's missed a bunch this year, so maybe not. All that to say, couple of players to keep an eye on. Dayron Sharp, who had 17 rebounds in this ballgame. But, again, as long as Claxton is upright, you can't take that plunge. Keep an eye on Cam Johnson should everybody else take some days off, and he's like, I missed enough time this year. I wanna play. Keep an eye on Dennis Smith junior. If Schroder, takes any time off, and that's probably about it. You're not making any moves on Brooklyn right now. This is, an ugly, ugly loss again. They they have no offense. They could play a little bit of defense when they try, but, woof, that's a tough team to watch these days. So just keep one eye on those guys and kinda have them on the top of the could I add this guy board if the right other person took a week off. Dallas from a roto standpoint, Kyrie, Luca, Gafford. This is a rare off day for Luca. Easily his worst game of the season, but luckily, we're so deep into the year that it doesn't really impact rankings all that much. He's firmly in that number 5 hole, pretty far behind Anthony Davis, and a pretty good deal ahead of Kawhi Leonard from just a, an overall z score standpoint. Derek Lively is schedule level. Dante Exum is, like, kind of teetering on that. PJ Washington's schedule level. That that's really all you get out of the rest of these 2. So not much with the Mavs. Just nice to see them actually playing Gafford again these days. Hooray. For the Spurs, I'm officially upgrading Trae Jones back out of the doesn't matter group and back into the play him group. He's been warm lately. And, you know, this is the the, say, sports are a game of inches. Fantasy sports are also kind of a game of inches, because Trae Jones, kinda burst onto the scene when they finally let him start, well, I should rephrase that sentence. When they finally let him start games this year, he had a bunch of really good ones in a row. And then through February, he, cooled not the beginning of the month, more so, like, middle end of February and into the beginning of March. He basically wasn't taking any shots. He went from taking 8 to 11 shots a ball game to, like, 5 or 6 almost every night. Just completely abandon ship on being a part of the offense. Over the last 4 ball games now, 15, 6, 7, and 11. Again, you've got a 6 and a 7 mixed in there, which is not exactly what you want. But if you roll it all together, 2 out of 4 games in double figures in shot attempts, that's very important. He's also at 9 3 pointers over those 4 ball games, which also feels wildly unsustainable, but I just like the fact that he's trying. Take some shots, Trae Jones. Take some to any do anything at all on offense besides just handing the ball to someone else, which is what they needed earlier this year. Hey. Be a point guard. And so it was like, oh, okay. Assistance steals. Great. And field goal percent, but didn't hit any threes, wasn't involved in the offense. It's sort of like the good field goal percent was nice, but he wasn't taking enough shots for it to be worth anything. That's why we need Trey Jones up in that 8, 9, 10 shots range instead of 5, 6, 7. It makes all the difference. Last 30 days, Trae Jones is taking only 7 shots a game, by the way, and that still got him inside the top 80. Last 14 days, so last 2 weeks, he's now taking over 7 shots a game, and that has him inside the top 60. And over the last single week, which, again, this is gonna be pretty front loaded, he's taking 8 shots a ball game, and that has him inside the top 50. So that's the magic of Trae Jones. Get him to 8 freaking shots a game, and he can be a difference making fantasy player. Doesn't take that much, but the 5 or 6 shots per game just isn't gonna do it because you need that field goal percent to be an actual impact category. And for that to be the case, he needs to actually take a few shots. Over the last 2 weeks, I abandoned I moved off of that tab. Let me move back to that tab. Over the last 2 weeks, Dray Jones is averaging 11 points, almost 9 assists, and 1 and a half steals per game. That's good. So play him. He's warm whether he's warm or not. He's actually taking shots. That's what's important right now. So we officially have a third San Antonio spur that you can play every day. And that's the other thing about that doesn't matter group that we talk about now, guys, that just land in the 100 to 150 range. That doesn't matter, guys. If you can isolate the ones that have the ability to maybe take a small step forward, those are the doesn't matter guys where you try harder to hang on to them. And then there's the doesn't matter guys where like a Nick Richards, there's really no place for him to go forward. There's kind of no place for him to go back as long as nobody else comes to take those center minutes. So he's a true doesn't matter, use Nick Richards only when you need his exact stats. Trey Jones is always kind of like a doesn't matter, but could it get better? And it has now for a little bit. I was late to upgrade him. I should have upgraded him, you know, 1 or 2 games back, but I wanted to be sure. So here you go. Otherwise, everybody on the Spurs, you know, if you wanna play some of these guys when they have a good schedule, be my guest. But the 3 guys you're playing every day are, obviously, Wembley, Vassell, and, now Trey Jones. Denver hasn't had a fantasy note this year other than there was, like, a week where Reggie Jackson was filling in, and he was actually good enough to be considered a fill in. But on the Minnesota side, let's, briefly pause here on the infirmed Timberwolves. They got a bunch of guys out these days. Minnesota, down cat for the rest of the regular season, down Rudy Gobert, down well, wait a minute. Excuse me. Monte Morris actually came back. He left the previous game, I think, but he came back in this one. Slow mo had left the game recently and then came back. Right now, there are 5 Timberwolves playing starter level minutes. Those 5 and it's gonna find this hard to believe because you look at the box score and you wouldn't notice it. But Kyle Anderson, who played 26 minutes, you're like, 26? That's not right, Dan. He picked up 3 fouls in the first 3 minutes of yesterday's game. I think he played, like, a total of maybe 6 first half minutes and played almost the entire second half. The goal was not to stop him at 25 and a half a half minutes. He was supposed to get 30, but fouls were a big time issue early. So Anthony Edwards, duh, play him all the time. Mike Conley, duh, he's a play. But then you've got these other miscellaneous goofballs, like Nikhil Alexander Walker, who had a couple of good ball games and then really pooped the bed in this one. Kyle Anderson, who's been not really involved on offense in his minutes this year for whatever reason, and then Jaden McDaniels, who hasn't been involved in the offense ever, is a brilliant perimeter defender, but needs a lot of people to get the hell out of the way for him to finally, like, actually go trust his shot a little bit. What do we do with those guys? Because those are sort of the 3 fringier fantasy players. Alexander Walker, you know, he'd been on a pretty good tear lately, and I think if so I you know, Stipulation number 1 is we need Kat and Gobert to remain out. K? If either of those guys let's say either, but Kat's not coming back. If Gobert comes back in their next ballgame, the whole play here gets blown up. They're, by the way, also down Naz Reed. Almost forgot to mention that. I was reminded when I looked down, I saw Luca Garza play 22 minutes. Nazareed also out. So they're all they're down 3 centers right now. And it's, like, well, you you only have so many centers on a roster, so everybody else gets to play up a spot. So Kyle Anderson was the starting center, which I guessed might happen on yesterday's podcast. I'm actually kinda surprised it did. He's a start. Kyle Anderson starting at a big man spot. Use him while 3 centers are out for Minnesota. Jaden McDaniels, start him while 3 centers are out because more than the 3 centers being out, the usage is in. I like to talk about everything going into a usage pool. There are x number of shots and passes that occur in an NBA game. And when you're a guy who doesn't generally get to do many of those, the guys in front of you going down, and sometimes guys, you know, sort of jump over you in the pecking order. But right now, 3 guys in front of Jaden McDaniels that typically took shots and did stuff are out of the way. And so he gets to do a couple. So start Jaden McDaniels right now. Start Kyle Anderson. Nikhil Alexander Walker is a little bit more of a coin flip. I think he probably settles in that sort of doesn't matter chunk with a little bit of upside. If you catch him on a right night, you can get a bunch of assists, boards, threes, steals, blocks. You can do that across the board stuff. But if you catch him on a wrong night like this one, usually, sends a chill up your spine. So Nicky Alexander Walker, I don't know that I'd use him against the game's cap. I think, Kyle Anderson, Jaden McDaniels, I would provided all 3 centers remain out for the Timberwolves in their next ballgame. Mid show reminder, a lot of you watching on social media these days, which is super cool. Thank you for to the Twitter algorithm for making that possible. But, hey, if you're watching and you just sort of stumbled onto this show, make sure to follow at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s, for those watching in any format. You can see the name right on your screen. And for those listening, please do navigate over and follow. I'm still doing a whole lot of stuff on Twitter even now at the very end of the regular season. I'm trying to hang in there and do it every day until the very end. Indeed, also, doing these 2 shows a day until the very end if I can. Working my tail off. So hopefully, you guys can come find me there. Shout out to manscaped.com. Very quick promo today. Ethos 20. Ethos 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscaped.com. But more than anything, I want you guys to check out the links in the show description because you've got the Discord link in there. It's free. I do some of my tweet storms in Discord. Our baseball draft guide information is in the, show description so you guys can see what's available there. In fact, you can go to the baseball draft guide, Lander. That's free to look around. But if you try to click into any articles, obviously, you'd have to be a subscriber. And there was one other thing I meant to promo, and then I forgot. Oh, ethos leagues waitlists are officially open for all four major sports. If you wanna be in a basketball league, hit me up on Twitter or here on, YouTube or whatever, or email support at sportsethos.com. If you wanna be in a, football one, that's not too far away. Baseball leagues are starting right this second. We wanna get a hockey league going this year. Make sure to hit us up about that. Also, we are looking for new contributors at sportsethos.com. So reach out if you're interested in making the jump and think you can hang on the analyst side. Quick Quick look here at the chat room, see if anybody brought up some names that I didn't talk about on the show. What do you think between Walker Kessler and Santi Aldama? I like Kessler between those two guys. Brandon says, hello, chat. I got 4 players injured and 2 moves left for the week. How's everybody else's Fantasy Week going? Yeah. You're not alone, bud. I don't know if you guys watched one of our shows yesterday when my good friend Andre was, posting sort of making jokes about what he should do with Isaiah Stewart. He was talking about my team, actually. But in that league where he and I are playing each other, I think he's down. He's got 2 injuries already this week, and I think I've got 2 or 3 I forget what it is. It's, like, 5 or 6 guys that have already been ruled out for the front half of the week. It's a 'tis a stupid time. And I always said end your league 3 weeks early if you wanna dodge the silly season, but it might have to be 4 weeks early next year because the silly season is very much upon us. And now you're even seeing the tanking teams that were already losing, shutting additional people down. Luckily, we haven't gotten into the part where the teams that are at the top of the board are doing anything completely and say, oh, Boston's had all these back to backs, and they're resting half of their guys in them, and that's a pain in the butt. Honestly, all of this is a reason to do 2 things. 1, if you're in a head to head league, set a weekly games cap. So that way if guys skip a game here and there, it doesn't really matter all that much. You get your best opportunity. It's there's more strategy in it. You're not only trying to maximize games. Or 2, just try Roto. People are like, oh, Roto's boring. No. It's not. Go win at Roto. I promise you winning at Roto is not boring. If you're asking streaming questions in the chat room, I would encourage you to put those in our streaming show later on today. So I will not be answering those here on this morning show. Yeah. These are all streaming questions. Streaming. Streaming. Streaming. Streaming. Streaming. Streaming. McHale Bridges is a huge bust this year. Yeah. Even kinda crazy. Even by Total's still a bust. Yeah. That that's kind of amazing, actually, the fact that a guy who plays in every single ball game is still not gonna hit ADP. He's number 92. Just can't shoot. 43 a half percent, and his free throws were supposed to be higher. He's only at 81% there. Just an epic disaster. Disaster of a season for a guy drafted at the tail end of the second, early 3rd. He's number 54 by total, so at least he's in the 5th round on that front. And playing every day is useful, but, man, he's been tanking people's percentages all season long. I drafted him only in one spot because, typically, you guys know me. I'm in roto, and so at the end of the second round, I wasn't taking Bridges. I was taking I was taking Kawhi. That was my target in that spot, and I got a lot of Kawhi Leonard's on my Fantasy teams, and I am so grateful that that's the direction I went there. Hey, Dan. Patrick Baldwin got into foul trouble early in the game. Does that change your mind? He's still a watch list guy. I'm still not adding him. Not until I know more on Coos. It's a good question, though. It's a good question. Somebody bringing up what do I do about, do what I pick up Keon Ellis. His question is about Matisse and if you're, like, hunting defensive stats. But instead of taking that exact question, I'll just talk about Keon Ellis. So head to headers, you guys know Sacramento's got a great schedule starting tonight. They start a 5 game and 7 day stretch, and we'll talk more about that on our other show later today. I I do think that Ellis probably is a top 100 guy with Kevin Herter out. He's gonna play 28 plus minutes, meaning you probably get 3 defensive stats or more almost every day out of him. And then the hope is getting that number of minutes, you know, with guys that can get him open. Maybe he takes 4, 5, 6 shots a game instead of, like, 3 or 4. Just a couple extras. That's it's the same thing we just talked about with Trae Jones. 1 or 2 extra shots a game for these guys that live on the edge of fantasy value is so critical. And so I think Keion Ellis is a guy that maybe takes 1 or 2 extra shots. Sacramento is is beat up right now. Not, like, hugely beat up, but, like, no Trey Lyles. He has a reserve role. No Kevin Herter. There's just a few extra shots there, and I'm hoping that Ellis takes 1 or 2 of those. That would then push him into a place where you're like, yes. This is actually kind of an exciting start. Here's a good here's a roto question. I'll answer this one. Good from Albert. Is it a strategy to save some game caps for possible silly season hero performances? Think, Jalen Hord a few seasons back. I'm gonna say, softly, no. But let me get into the strategy of this just for 1 or 2 minutes, and and then we'll we'll pause all our other thoughts until we get to the the streaming show in the afternoon. Again, if you're asking streaming questions, please come back for our second show today. Make sure you subscribe so you know when that second show is happening, and that way you can come catch it live as well. The reason I don't save moves in sort of, like, the saving sense for silly season hero performances is because your starters are going to miss games that you can then just quickly fill in with the silly season guys. So you don't need to create an opening for those dudes. The opening's just gonna happen. If you're running basically parallel with the game's cap when I say that, I mean, like, right now, if you look at the bottom of a Yahoo team page, it'll tell you how they expect you to do, against the game's cap. Like, are you right on it? Are you running ahead? Are you running behind? Sort of, like, are you running hot or cold on that thing? If you're running right on it, that's the perfect place to be right now with 3 weeks left in the season. You don't wanna be too far behind because it's gonna be hard to catch up soon when half of your players stop playing. And you don't wanna be running too far ahead for this very reason, but also because if you're running parallel, you can start to attack specific categories better than if you've already used up your game's cap. Someone else can attack categories and try to pass you. So right now, you wanna be pretty close to right on point because between now and the end of the regular season, your regulars are going to miss a couple of ball games, whether it's 1, 2, whatever, non zero number for almost all of your regulars. And that is where you take the silly season, guys, plug them into those holes immediately. You stay right online to fill your game's cap, and you get to use the silly season heroes sort of in the moment. It's a quick thing. Your starter's out, silly season starter's in. If you're running behind, your silly season guys are gonna have to replace your starters, and you're gonna need clunkier guys to fill in the games that you were falling behind. Hopefully, that made sense. Thanks again, everybody, for watching this, first of our 2 shows today. We'll be back. This time, it'll be right after lunch. I can't I'm not doing them back to back today. I I ran a little late. I had some other stuff I had to take care of in the morning. Again, put all of your streaming questions, in our afternoon show. We will hit them. We're gonna get to all those players. We got a lot to cover in that one, because the the streaming gets a little bit easier today after yesterday was a a real, you know, f you to streamers. Again, follow on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. Go to sportsethos.com. Check out all the amazing stuff we've got going on going on over there. Please do continue to help us grow the site with shares, with likes, with subscriptions, with ratings, all that good stuff. It means the world to me. Personally, Every day I see this thing grow, I feel happy. I'm Dan Vesperis. I'll talk to you guys in about 2 hours.