Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. There's no point in Barry in the lead. Joel Embiid is back. Joel Embiid is back. Yesterday was a tumultuous day for the Embiid news because we got word in the morning that he was trying to target a Tuesday return, and then he got downgraded to out. And then 3 hours later, he got reupgraded to questionable gamesmanship. The aristocrats. Embiid is back, and he looked good. And he played damn near 30 minutes also, which, I mean, good decision, question mark. 29 minutes for Embiid. His first game out of the shoot was a lot more than expected. I mean, obviously, good because he can be he's a top 100 fantasy player in, like, 16 minutes. This is Joel Embiid we're talking about here. So 29 minutes, 24, 6, and 7 with 3 steals. Yeah. A lot of turnovers. Yeah. Field goal percent was a little rusty. He did go 12 of 12 with the free throw line. Joel Embiid is back, ladies and gentlemen. That's good stuff. I'm Dan Vasquez. This is Fantasy NBA Today. One of our 2 shows here on this Wednesday morning. This is the recap show. We'll have our streaming episode. It won't be a it'd be a quicker one again, I think. That'll be first thing this afternoon here, Pacific time. As far as this one goes, we've got a nice little 9 gamer to recap. Folks always ask about the hats I wear on the show. I have a a short rotation. Some of the ones that you guys are like, what the hell is that, or why, I guess, would be the question. Why is Dan wearing a royals hat today? My kid was on the royals for little league. I'm an assistant coach. We get a hat. That's it. Nothing else. That's the whole story. Let's just dive right in, shall we? Yes. We shall. Lakers beat the Raptors to no one's surprise. Raptors did get Immanuel Quickley and RJ Barrett back, so that was, certainly useful. They were a slightly more competent team for the minutes that those guys were on the court. As far as the Lakers go, you know, this game was over early. So LeBron, 28 and a half minutes. Anthony Davis, 27 and a half minutes. They didn't have to play all that much. AD didn't play in the 4th quarter. So then you kinda get the question of, are those guys gonna play tonight for LA? They're in Washington on a back to back. So that's not an easy travel deal. You gotta do the customs stuff. I would expect LeBron to sit and AD to play. LeBron's been sitting back to backs here at the end of the year, but, again, you never know. This is the Wizards won last night over the Bucks of all team. I mean, that's a that's a terrible loss. Wizards got their 15th win of the year. They've been a little bit more competitive lately to the wiz in the Wizards' defense. And, you know, everybody always gets up to play the lakers. So I don't think the Lakers can just assume they're gonna walk through this ballgame. And that makes me think that if any of these guys is well enough to play, they will play. I wouldn't rule these guys out yet. And then as the rest of this stuff goes, it's all you you can just dump dump most of it. Rui Hachamura right now is doing enough, mostly because of field goal percent. Again, he also kinda got challenged to rebound a little bit more. So you can pretty much start the starters for the Lakers these days, even though Austin Reeves is in a wicked shooting slump right now. They still play. You got some nice stuff out of Max Christie off the bench. Wish he'd play more. They don't. Spencer Dinwiddie, he's been defending a lot, but, again, you can't there's no point in going down that rabbit hole. What about the Raptors? Bruce Brown left this ball game early with some knee soreness. Not sure what his status is gonna be. I think he's listed as doubtful right now. Kelly Olynyk is a go. 1474, a steal, 2 blocks, great percentages. Like, it's just an easy call as long as he's not turning it over 5 times. Quickly, you can start again. His upside is capped by what's usually pretty brutal field goal percent. He shot the ball better in this one. Same general story for RJ Barrett. Although, for Barrett, he's bad at both percentages when the season all rolls itself together. So he's a points league guy. Quickley is gonna be good in points league or points formats. He'll be, good enough, I would think, in 9 cat as well. RJ Barrett, no for 9 cat. Milwaukee, losers in Washington. Yikes. Yikes, I say. Yikes. Didn't really defend and didn't really shoot. No Dame again for the Bucks. So Patrick Beverly got the start. He didn't do very much, turned an ankle in this ballgame, couldn't finish it out. Malik Beasley played 30 minutes, but shot 2 for 13. Youch. Also brutal. Typically, when Dame is out, you'll get something out of Beasley. Beverly is more the, maybe kinda guy in those spots. And maybe if he played a full 30 minutes, he would have been enough fantasy wise, but I don't know that you can necessarily go down that path. Here's the thing. Originally, it looked like Dame was gonna be out for personal reasons, then he got changed to a groin thing, or maybe it was a groin thing and a personal thing. In any event, I I don't know that Dame is immediately back. There's no reason to rush him. Bucks have a solid seed in the Eastern Conference. They're not going anywhere. The Cavs are really the only team that has a true chance of catching them. I mean, maybe the Magic, but probably not. It takes a lot to move a few slots this late in the year. So if Dame sits, Dame sits. And in that case, if we find out Patrick Beverly is gonna be well enough to play, I think I'd probably consider it As a point guard who hits threes, rebounds, and gets defensive stats, it's a nice kinda out of position thing you can do. Beasley is more the 3 point stream. That's, you know, what you're gonna get there. And then Pat Connaughton went big. Didn't see that one coming, but, no, you're not doing anything with that information. Bobby Portis, probably streamable when Damon's out just because of the extra usage out there. I went and, I kinda looped around on this team, but, hopefully, you guys caught all the pieces. Beasley, threes streamer. Beverly, if healthy, I think playable in most formats with Dame out. Portis, most formats with Dame out. And, that's as far as I go there. You may get some more guys resting. I think the Bucks are on a back to back question mark. Yeah. They got the Grizzlies at home. I don't know. You might see I don't think Middleton plays. You might see Giannis go. All those guys out, you'd have to take a shot on Beasley, I would think. And definitely Portis, Beverly, probably, if he's playable, if he's healthy. Thinking about this all from more of the games cap standpoint. For the Wizards, NoCal Kuzma and Marvin Bagley hurt again. Knee sprain left early in this ballgame. That sucks. He was gonna put up a pretty good line, one would assume. They could certainly use Rashaun Holmes back. Tristan Vukovich played 31 minutes. He had 14 and 7 with a steal and a 3 pointer. Overall, I think there's gonna be a pretty gnarly learning curve there, so I'm not picking him up. I would rather just wait and hope Holmes shows back up again. Anthony Gill played 38 minutes and had 12 and 9 with nothing else. Avdi is a big winner there. He was already a guy you were playing, but if he sees some extra center minutes, that's a win for Denny Poole. Kispert is a play when Kuzma's out. We've talked about that. Jared Butler is a guy I've got an eye on, but 17 and a half minutes ain't gonna be enough. So what happens if this is the lineup for the next ballgame, which again is tonight against the lakers? Although it feels like Kuzma probably wants to play against LA. It feels like he was resting the front end of a back to back so that he could play the second half against the Lakers, but, we won't know it for a little bit later. That's just my assumption on the Kuzma front. If Kuzma's in, I don't know that I play Kuzma. Although, you know, Lakers do tend to have some issues defending guys that can spread the floor, but I I'd be pretty gentle there. If Kuzma's in, you go Kuzma, you go Poole, you go Avdiya, That's probably it on a Gamescap side. If Kuzma's out, you put Kispert on the list instead of Kuzma. But I don't think I'm playing Gil. I don't think I'm playing Vukovich, especially if we think AD is gonna play. Someone in that front quarter is gonna get smashed on. And so you probably go a little lighter than you ought. The Knicks, they are a bit shorthanded these days. If Jalen Brunson doesn't have a world beater of a ballgame, they're just not gonna win. That's kind of where we're at with an at least not against a competent opponent like Miami. Dante DiVincenzo, Roland. Deuce McBride, Roland with his 45 minutes again. Josh Hart, 45 minutes. Hartenstein, only 18. Mitchell Robinson played 10. Precious Chua 27. Hartenstein's a hold. He's been very good lately. Can't can't dump him after this one after an 18 minute game when he was playing, you know, close to 30 in some previous ball games. Achua with, with Robinson back likely trends to basically nonexistent, and then Mitchell Robinson is just not playing enough to be relevant at all right now. So he's not an ad. So you go Brunson, Hart, McBride, Divincenzo, Hartenstein. So basically the starters. Probably could have been a simpler handicap there if I just said start the starters. Duncan Robinson slow again for the heat. I think I'd still stream him, though. He's generally been pretty good filling in for Tyler Herro. It's possible he doesn't really have his legs underneath him at the moment. Rozier had a big ballgame, so that kinda did the trick here. Rozier Butler, bam. Not Hysmith, not Jovitch, not Caleb Martin, not Haquez junior. I think probably to Duncan Robinson. But if you wanna see Robinson have one good ballgame before you play him, I'm okay with that just to kinda, like, see him get his c legs again. OKC. No Shay in this ball game. I think they were missing someone else, but I forget who. Doesn't matter. Shay is the big one. Lost at Philly against the now Embeded. They've been Embedded again. It's like rhinestones. Josh Giddey had been filling in pretty well for Gilgeous Alexander. I think he's probably a stream when Shea sits by and large. You got a better game here out of Lou Dort, who's typically more of a 3 point stream when Shea sits. And then Isaiah Jo and Aaron Wiggins each had pretty good ball games also, but I don't think I'm taking the plunge on those dudes. Wiggins would be the easier one to maybe consider, but I I oh, Jalen Williams was the other guy that was out in this ballgame. I don't know why that took me so long. And then other Jalen Williams had 6, 6, and 12. Goofball lineups. If Jalen Williams and Shea Gilgeous Alexander are out again, I think you could probably go Dort, Giddey, and Chet. I don't know that I would go Wiggins. He'd be the next one, and then everybody else would be pretty far down the board. For Philly, still no Maxey. That's gonna be the other one that changes things pretty dramatically here. Tyrese Maxey out, so campaign had 10 rebounds in this game somehow. I hate cam Cam's 9 cat game. It just it never it never quite sticks in 9 cat. You could play him in points leagues while Maxey's out if you want. That's campaign we're talking about. Kyle Lowry, no. Nick Batum, no. Buddy Heel, no. Paul Reed, dead. 12 and 9 with a block, but as Embiid ramps up, he's he's done. So no. And then Oubre, I think he I think I'm a yes while Maxey's out. When Maxey comes back, I don't know that there's gonna be enough shot out there for Oobre to hit his value. He's gonna be more open, so that's good. But is there enough available to do? So for now, just hold on. That's the, like, with Oubre, you don't wanna pre drop just to hold until you you're forced to not to. So Embiid, Oubre, Tobias Harris, those are the 3 guys you're playing right now. And then when Maxey comes back, probably play them all, or bench, Hubray, and see how that goes. But the rest of these guys fall back over to the wayside. Houston falls at Minnesota. They were competitive in this ballgame. Make no mistake. The Rockets have continued to be competitive. But as I mentioned, the schedule got tougher again. They had a very, like, epically light stretch of the calendar, and they very much capitalized on it. But now they've lost to the Mavs. They've lost to the Timberwolves. They've got the Warriors tomorrow, the Heat on Friday, the Mavs again on Sunday, the Magic next Tuesday, and then finally, they have 2 more easy games. But they'll probably be eliminated by then. Sorry, Rockets fans. You made a guy a pretty good run at it, but they're back to 3 being 3 games back at the warriors with 7 games to go. Each of those teams has 7 games left. To me is probably too much ground to make up. But who knows? Maybe the warriors could could tumble over themselves, but they're playing really well right now. Warriors have beat the Heat, the Magic, the Hornets, the Spurs, and then the Mavs, 3 of those pretty good wins, and beat the Heat and the Magic on the road last week. They've got the Rockets as we just talked about, so Houston could gain a game there, and the Mavericks again for the warriors after that, but they also have the Jazz twice and the Blazers among their last 5 ball games. I think we have an idea of the 8 teams, 10 teams, I'll get this right, in the Western Conference playoff picture. But I you know, I guess you never know. Freddie Van Fleet, Ahman Thompson, Jabari Smith Junior, Jalen Green are all startable for the Rockets right now. Keep an eye on Kim Whitmore if they get eliminated and anybody else starts to sit out some ball games. For the Timberwolves, Rudy Gobert, Anthony Edwards, Mike Conley, Naz Reid, and then Slo Mo is your rebound, assist, steals specialist who did more than that in this ball game. And, you know, there's no obvious reason for it to be a big or small game for Kyle Anderson. Guys didn't leave this one. Jaden McDaniels just only played 27 minutes. They liked what Slo Mo was doing more. They mixed and matched a little bit. Now if Kyle gets 30 minutes, then he's a start in all formats. And you could see it in this ball game. 13, 6, and 9, 2 steals, 2 blocks, and 6 out of 8 shooting. When he's stuck in that 24, 25 range, he's again much more of a specialist. So I think what I called him on a previous show was it doesn't matter guy with upside because he's got those few categories that are nice. And last 3 weeks, he's been inside the top 100 because there is that little bit of extra if Gobert misses a game or Edwards misses a game or Conley misses a game or Nas misses a game, then he gets that bonus bump. And then sometimes he just gets a bonus in a game where the team is largely healthy. So I I don't think that Kyle Anderson is gonna be, like, the top 50, top 60 guy he was last year when Cat was out. But even, you know, 90 range would still be good enough to start in most formats unless you don't need threes, basically, or points. He's not gonna be a big points guy. But boards, assists, field goal percent, steals, those are things he can give you a positive in, and you just again hope he doesn't shoot free throws or turn it over too much, and you get a decent ball game like this one. The slow mo, doing enough. Doing enough. And certainly enough after a good ballgame. This is the time when you can be a little bit more optimistic about him. Cleveland. I mean, took care of business. You know, that that Utah is not trying to win games right now. No Donovan Mitchell. So if you thought Darius Garland might do more, I have bad news for you. Darius Garland, one of the worst picks this year, unquestionably. Lot of guys are getting heat, and it should be Garland because not only has he he been bad, but he's also missed a lot of ball games. He's outside the top 100 per game, 117. He's down there with freaking buddy Heald. Bad year for Darius. Way overdrafted on the hope that his assist would carry him, and they did not. But, anyway, you got no choice but to play him at this point because, you know, if Donovan Mitchell's sitting on half of the back to backs, well, there you go. Carousel Vert is a stream when Donovan Mitchell sits. Max Struss, probably a stream when someone sits, but he's honestly, he just looks better now that his knee is healed up. So Struss, kind of a doesn't matter guy with some built in upside. Sam Merrill hits 6 more 3 pointers, but, again, you're playing with fire there. Because if he doesn't hit any 3 pointers, you're gonna get, like, a 2.1 rebound ballgame because he's not gonna play. If you need threes badly, okay. Fine. But be warned, it can go sour. For the Jazz, yes. If you thought everybody was out, you'd be wrong because Walker Kessler left this ballgame early after getting his nose broken. I don't know if he's gonna play the next one. He might miss a game or 2. He might get masked and play immediately. We don't know yet for Utah. What this means is that Collin Sexton is basically the only safe play left for the Jazz, and then you have a bunch of guys that are not particularly safe, but some of whom have a little bit of upside. The highest floor play probably becomes Omer Yurtsen if Kessler misses time, because he'll just play 30 center minutes and get 10 points and 8 rebounds probably and maybe block a shot. He's not gonna do a whole lot to help your fantasy team, but he's probably not gonna do that much to hurt it either. I think we've all seen enough of Keontae George at this point to say, okay, Dan. You might have been right about the whole, like, 9 category issues thing. Keontae is a points league option, and that's it. Taylor Hendrix is intriguing now that the whole team is out. Remember when only, like, 2 guys were out for Utah? And I was like, I don't think there's quite enough for him to do. Well, now you got, like, 5 key guys out. Who who, Larry Markkanen, Jordan Clarkson, Walker Kessler, John Collins? Am I forgetting someone, or is it those 4? In any event, that's, like, freaking 60 shots back in the pool for everybody else to take. And so now Hendrix, if he gets 13 shots, I think he's probably startable because he's not a bad rebounder. He didn't do much in this ballgame, but he'll probably get if he plays 27 to 32 minutes, he'll probably get 6 to 8 rebounds. Score a little bit because he won't have a choice. Get a steal or a block or some combination thereof. So, yeah. I mean, I think you could probably pick up Taylor Hendrix, see how this stretch run goes. And then Bryce Sensibaugh now with 2 good ball games in a row. He will cool off, friends. And the question becomes, is there enough other stuff going on? And the and the honest to goodness answer is, I don't know yet. I don't think any of us really truly knows if Bryce Sensibaugh has a translatable fantasy game yet, because we've never seen it. You could try to guess. You could try to extrapolate. I mean, dude's a rookie, so the sample size is extraordinarily small. Handful of games, you know, he played 32 minutes back on March 9th. He had 16 and 2, 3 assists, 3 steals, 5 turnovers in that ballgame. Last 2 games, he scored 22 points in each of them going 14 for 28, so 50% shooting. He's also at 5 and a half three pointers in those games, which again, you know, you wanna talk about not sustainable. What I think we don't know really is what what, you know, what is the rebound number gonna settle at? 5? Assist. What's that gonna settle at? 3? Can he get a steal per ball game? Maybe. 1? Feels like around 1 in 30 minutes. 22 points is probably not gonna stick. So what what are we gonna get out of Bryce Sensibaugh? 14, 15 points, 5 boards, 3 assists? That's not bad. It's one of those things now where at that time of the year where I could say, well, I wanna get out in front of this thing, but, like, what do we got? 15 days of the season left at this point? So what what are we even gonna try to get out in front of? The only reason to pick somebody up at this point in the year is to play them. You're not squatting on somebody because what are you gonna get? 2 games out of them if you wait a week? I will personally say I am not confident enough to pick up and start Bryce Sensibaugh in the next ball game. And maybe that means I miss a good one, but I I there are just so many guys available right now in leagues that I don't feel like you have to take a chance on someone. Probably coin flip for Sensibar that he puts up 9 a 9 cat usable line in his next ballgame, probably a coin flip. I'd say Hendrix is probably a little better than a coin flip. And then, obviously, Colin Sexton. And Omar Yurtsevinn is probably a little better than a coin flip too, provided all of these guys remain out for the next ballgame. Spurs lost to Chidi Osman in this ballgame. So the backup to the backup to the backup now, we're gonna have to go a little deeper. So, obviously, Wembley, 2315 and 8 with a steal and 9 blocks on wow. 29 shots. I didn't see that last night. 31% shooting on 29 shots. Trey Jones tripled doubled. He's in a great spot here with no Vassell, no Sohan. Now no Osman. The list goes on and on. Well, most of these guys, with the exception of Osman, have been ruled out for the year for the Spurs. So, you know, what we saw in this ballgame is probably what repeats itself for the Spurs maybe the rest of the way. Meaning, Malachi Branham, 24 points, very good points league option. Branham, not a good percentages guy, and he doesn't do much else besides score. Julian Champagne is the one I would look at for 9 cat. 11 and 5, 2 assists, a steal block, and a 3 pointer. He can get steals and blocks. We've seen that in I mean, honestly, at this point for Champagne, we have a a a I think a good enough sample size to say that if given starters level minutes, he can probably get about 12 points a steal and a block ish. Now if you look back at last year, he wasn't really getting either of them. So I guess the question is is this year the outlier, or was last year the outlier? Not gonna shoot all that well. He was at 46% last year. He's at 40% this year, and then the shot profile hasn't changed all that much either. But decent for you foul shooter, should he get to the line. He's at 81% on the year. Now that the minutes are there, you're looking at probably more like 4 between, probably 4 ish rebounds over 2 assists, steal a block, and maybe 2, 3 pointers. I think I might take a shot on Champagne. Also, the usage is gonna increase here because you've taken guys that chuck a little bit out of the equation. Now Chuck is probably not fair, because Vassell's pretty good, actually. And then Sohan's not what you'd call a chucker, but not a very good shooter. Still, those are guys that were doing stuff when they were out on the basketball court. And now that stuff has to go to somebody, and it's not all gonna go to Malachi Branham, although it kinda looked like it did yesterday. So, yeah, I think Champagne can repeat a line like this one. 115 and 2 with a steel block and a 3 pointer, that's kind of a middle that may be sort of the average. That's not bad. That's usable anywhere you need defensive stats or basically a guy that kinda give you a little bit of a lot of stuff. A little, I guess. So probably not a ton of upside. I don't think he's going inside the top 75, but you could get probably 100 to 120 range out of him, and that that'll play a little bit. No real news on Denver. Still no Jamal Murray. Reggie Jackson continues to be a very bad 9 category fill in. But if you badly need a couple of points and a couple of assists, he's probably worth a shot there. But I don't, so I didn't. Nice 16 rebound game for Michael Porter Junior, though. How about them apples? Clippers are not good these days. No Kawhi Leonard, so, that certainly played a role. And, that meant Norman Powell got the fill in start, and he was fine, but nothing spectacular. So you go Paul George, you go Evita Zubac, and you go James Harden, who was awful also. Russ had 20 points. I don't care. And you just you're not doing anything else. You're not going any farther with that Clippers team. For the Kings, you know, again, no Kevin Herder and no Malik Monk. So you get this sort of different look, which meant, you know, more shots for Keegan Murray. That's really good for him. Harrison Barnes was someone I thought might do a little bit more as kind of a points play. I don't want anything else besides that. He he was bad. Trey Lyles outplayed him, and so Trey Lyles ended up being a slightly better play in this game. But you're not doing anything in 9 cat with either of those guys. Again, with Barnes, I guess okay. So a 9 cat with Barnes, if you badly need points, some threes, and the percentages not to kill you, that would be a possible play, and, you know, he probably does end up in the 100 to 150 range with all those other guys out. I also think Kean Ellis ends up in that range. He fouled out in 22 minutes, if you're wondering why Ellis's minutes were much lower in this game. Fouled out in 22 minutes despite being a plus 11 during the, only 22 minutes he was on the floor in a game that they won by 14. So, basically, he was part of the lineups that were building the lead. With Barnes, it wasn't a foul issue. With Barnes, Trey Lyles was just better. He out Harrison Barnes did Harrison Barnes. So, hold on to Ellis if you need boards, boards. I'm not the right word. Like, a smattering of rebounds, assists, and and very good shot at defensive stats. And, again, just assume that this was a little goofy because, again, he fouled out. He's gonna guard somebody important on the other team. James Harden perhaps, who goes 1 for 7 shooting and barely could get himself involved. Five turnovers. You don't think Ian Ellis played a role in that? Keegan Murray, good defense too. Kings have upped their defense a lot since they went to this Kean Ellis centric team, and that's gonna help them. His team is more dangerous come playoff time than people realize because of that. Mavs needed to get something out of their bench in this game, and they didn't. They didn't. I believe the Mavs bench scored 13 points in this game. Not great, Bob. Tim Hardaway junior had 7 of them. Now to be fair, Luca, Kyrie, and PJ Washington pretty much took every shot in the game. And, you know, I don't know that PJ taking every shot was the greatest idea on Earth, but he took them. And when he does, he puts up some fantasy value. But I still prefer Kyrie, Luca, and Gafford as the 3 guys I'm playing, Derek Lively out, so Max De Kleba back into the rotation a little bit, and, nobody cared. And for the warriors, they're the this is a really interesting run the warriors are on right now, and it's fueled heavily by a Draymond Green Renaissance. 11, 8, and 6, 4 steals in a block. I think he has 10 steals in his last 2 ball games. This is like vintage Draymond. I guess he smells the finish line now and realizes that that they didn't win a few games in a row. They were gonna lose that last playoff spot, play in spot to the Rockets. Andrew Wiggins as a whole, he's been better lately. Steph has, been kind of average lately. He'll be fine. Chris Paul, I believe, is a drop. I know he had 14 to 5, so slightly better line here, but, not playing enough minutes. Brandon Pogemski had a better game, but he had had 3 or 4 bad ones in a row. So no. And then Trace Jackson Davis, much slower ballgame here, but he's a hold. And, you know, the Mavs just pick centers apart. So warriors tried something different. There there isn't anybody coming for Jackson Davis' 20 to 25 minute role. And if you need big man stats, he's a really good solution there. And, again, you just sort of pray that he doesn't go to the free throw line if you're actually giving a crap about free throws anyway. Question about a couple of guys that didn't play yesterday, Trending Watford and Andre Drummond. I'll talk about those guys here before we wrap up our, first of 2 shows today. Trenton Watford is intriguing. I I believe right now that if everything stayed exactly as they as it is in this moment for Brooklyn, meaning, in their last ballgame, Cam Johnson, I believe, sat that one out because it was a back to back. He was resting. If that's the case, and obviously no Ben Simmons, then Watford probably deserves a spot on rosters as kind of, like, a 100 range guy, 100 to 125, 130. If one more wing goes down, then I probably play Watford in a games cap format. But to in my opinion, we're still one guy away. It's close. It's very close, but I think we're I think we're still one guy away. And then Andre Drummond, you know, his value is very much locked up in rebounding. And lately, he's been gobbling him up even at a a fast clip for Drummond. So, you know, specialist y, look at your board, look at your team, look at your opponent, figure out if if you actually need rebounds at all. And if you do, congratulations, because he's gonna get you, well, lately, he's gonna get you 10. And on the year, he's gonna get you 9. So, you know, great. But you can't rely on anything else. He's a he's he's an historically bad free throw shooter. His field goal percent is probably gonna be decent, but he's not gonna take more than 6, 7 shots of ballgame most of the time. So, you know, 3 out of 6, 4 out of 6 kind of stuff. So boards, some field goal percent, I wouldn't count on anything else from Drummond, which makes him a probably 100 to 150 range or maybe even deeper than that, 100 to 200 range, 1 to 2 category hyper specialist play. I have him in 1 league. I did add him in 1 league where I am violently attacking rebounds, but, otherwise, he tends to do more damage than harm. In that league, for instance, the one of the a couple of things that I had to look at were, okay, what's the different what's the separation between my team and the next one lower than me in free throw percent? Meaning, can I withstand a week of Andre Drummond's bad free throw and not lose any ground in that category? And the answer I came up with was generally yes. And I kinda look around, like, do I need points? Not that really. My team's kinda mid pack, and they were not going up and down in points. Probably not going up and down in steals blocks all that much, although he's he's, you know, okay in those, assists. I don't really need all that badly. So I looked at this, and I was, like, you know, my best shot to win is to forego a couple of categories and just hammer rebounds. And so I picked him up. But under most circumstances, he's not a guy that I'm super high on. Drummond, I should say, as more than, like, a 140, 150 range dude, with the the ultimate and specialist appeal. Alright. I think we could take a break. When I say break, I mean a couple hours. We'll come back. We will, get you the streaming show after lunch today. And then if you guys still wanna hear more, Dan, I'll actually be on the call for USC Santa Barbara baseball that's happening, later on tonight. That'll be not on our YouTube page. That'll be on the USC Trojans athletic page. So you can get 3 Dan shows with that last one being, like, 3 and a half hours long. Thought I just heard my dog growling at someone. Probably should have wrapped up the show before that started. I am Dan Vazpris. I forgot to do any promo today, but please, everybody, please, please, please, if you have a moment, I really badly, badly need you all to leave a 5 star review on iTunes. Please go do it. I know that it's probably too late, and most of you have stopped listening because your leagues are over. But please go drop a 5 star review. And if you're brand new to the show, find a way to subscribe, whether if it's on Twitter, you follow me there, or, you know, roll on over to YouTube and subscribe there. I would strongly recommend subscribing on iTunes, Spotify, or some other traditional pod listening implement because some of our shows in the off season will not be on YouTube and on Twitter as well. Some are gonna be audio only when, you know, kids are off for summer break or whatever, and I can't really count on having 30 quiet minutes in a row, which feels like a very small thing to ask, but it's a pretty big luxury when you have 2 young children in your house. And, right now, I don't because they're both at their various school or preschool. But in the summertime, they'll be home for stretches, and heaven help us all, but we may have to record those shows, and then kind of release them after the fact because I'll probably have to edit out screaming. Is Kade playing? Reynaldo asks. I don't know. I don't know. We'll find out in a few hours. He's questionable for every ballgame. They're, you know, picking and choosing a little bit. I would assume he is unless someone tells me otherwise. The Pistons have a back to back on Friday Saturday, so I would expect he sits one half of that. He set out both halves of their last back to back, but I can't find another game that he didn't play that wasn't attached to a back to back. All the games he's had off lately have been either the front, back, or both ends of a back to back. So I'm assuming he's playing tonight unless someone tells me otherwise. And then over the the Friday, Saturday ones, he he probably misses at least one of those 2 ball games. And what about Shae Gilgeous Alexander? I don't know. He got ruled out in the last one. I I mean, that means he's hurt. That's the best way to describe it. Like, they're fighting for a one seed, and you know they want it because home court matters in the NBA these days, like, a lot a lot for most teams. Thunder 29 and 8 on their home court. They're good on the road. Make no mistake. They're still 23 and 15, but you wanna have as many games on the court where you're as good as possible. Nuggets are better at home. Wolves, oddly, are almost the same home and road. So they're the only one in that top three where it's like, maybe they don't care that much, but I think their organization would rather get the, you know, concession sales from a home playoff game. Teams want home games with the exception of the wolves, the Clippers, and the Mavericks who oh, and the Pelicans. That's weird. There are a lot of western conference teams that are not that different. And then you got a then you got a team like the lakers that's 15 games over 500 at home and 5 under on the road, 20 swing, and they're gonna be on the road everywhere they go in the playoffs. Anyway, I think the Thunder care. They're again, they're good at both, but 4 and a half, 5 games better at home. That's that ain't nothing. So if Shaq can play, he'll play. So I I think he's hurt right now. I think he's hurt. So I I think Cade's I think Cade probably misses this ballgame, because I don't think he was sitting the last one out for rest. I I think if he sits, he's probably actually dinged up. But nothing we can really do this morning, 10:23 AM Pacific time. There's, like, nothing I can do right now to say I know for sure. We'll find out in a little bit. This is silly season. Anything is possible. He could have just been resting. It just it felt like he actually was hurt because, you know, there's no reason like, you might as well play your guys in the easier game of a back to back to sort of lock up one win as opposed to now. If he comes back to play Boston, they might end up losing both of these games. Be a weird phenomenon. Alright. Well, that was, you know, another 6 minutes of yammering that I wasn't planning on. Again, we'll be back in a couple of hours with the streaming show. Once again, I wanna remind everybody, today, tomorrow, Friday, those will be our last 2 show a day days of this NBA season. Starting on the weekend, I don't think I'm gonna have time to do a streaming show on Saturday because, kids stuff all morning, and the games will start by the time I'm home. Sunday, there is a possibility. I might be able to get you that last day of the week streaming show. Monday, we will do a weekly preview show. You know, Monday, we might do 2 shows. Weekend review, 1, and then a weekly preview at the other. And then Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday of next week will be, single shows. There's no reason to do a streamer show in, the last week of the season because most head to head leagues are over, and the ones that do exist, you're basically just watching The Wire the whole time because half of your guys are gonna get ruled out at the last minute. There's really no reason to long stream the last week because all those guys are gonna skip 2 games anyway. So my like, if I did a streaming show the last week, I would just come on air and go, hey, everybody. It's me, Dan Besperis. Remember, just watch the news. Rotate healthy guys in. Rotate dead guys out. The end. Bye bye. And that also is the end of this show. I'll see you guys in about 2, 2 and a half hours for a streamer. I'm Dan Vespers for sportsethos.com@fantasy NBA today. I'll see you in a little bit.