Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Morning, everybody. Morning, everybody. Guess I had to wake myself up here. It's Fantasy NBA today. That's how I wake myself up. I yell something into a microphone. Yell. Yell. Yell. Okay. Shake them out. Shake out those limbs. Can't shake them too far because there's a wall right there. There's a bunch of stuff right there. I got no space. I got no space. Evan, help me. I got no space. I'm Dan Vazpris. Thanks as always for hanging out with me. There's this sort of, like, regal us thing that happens. So thank thanks for hanging out with us. Who's us? It's just me. Anyway, what do we got? We got a Monday recap to do. Few things went down. Players came back from injury. Players went down. Josh Hart played all 48 damn minutes in yesterday's ballgame. First time that's happened for the Knicks in, like, a dozen years, which honestly doesn't seem like long enough. That was my feeling when I saw that. I was like, oh, like a decade ago? Tom Thibodeau wasn't even the coach then. What sort of animal would do such a thing? Ah, well. So let's talk about it. Promo stuff at the beginning. Find me on Twitter at Dan Vesperos. Many of you are watching on Twitter. Some of you will hang out with us in a moment. I don't know. I'm out of sorts this morning, folks. Maybe I should've done the streaming show first. That one always wakes me up a little bit more because I'm, like, pouring through the names, done a lot of that. Whatever. Doesn't matter. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's do this thing. Here you go. Start at the top, work our way through. Cleveland beat Indiana 108103, a game that ended up a bit more low scoring than I originally thought it would. No Donovan Mitchell on the, cavalier side. So Caris LeVert moves back into a startable position. He had a really nice ballgame yesterday. Isaac Okoro, probably startable with no Donovan Mitchell. Wasn't great in this ballgame, but typically gets you kind of that across the board stuff. George Niang filling in for Max Struss. That's a play you're making only if you need 3 pointers. I don't know where his 4 turnovers came up came from. Whoopsies. And that's kind of the story for the Cavs without Donovan Mitchell. If Spida comes back for the next ball game, you probably bench Caris Levert, you almost definitely bench Okoro, and then the yanks still likely gets you some 3 pointers. Not hugely impacted by, Donovan either way. On the Pacers side, TJ McConnell continues to put up really nice lines these days. 21 points, 14 points, 3 boards, 4 assists. 21 minutes, I should say. 2 steals. That's the big thing with him. Always gets you 1 or 2 steals. That's just the McConnell way. And, you know, his minutes, I get it. They're not super high. He's a pretty consistent, like, top 40, top 50 guy when he gets closer to starters minutes. But in 20, 21 minutes lately, he's been kind of in that 75 range, very consistently putting up lines just like this. I'll admit, I didn't think it was gonna stick when he did it once or twice, but now we're, like, a dozen games into this. So have at it, man. TJ McConnell's a go. Aaron Neesmith, cooled substantially. He's coming off a better ball game. He played 35 minutes. That's still a team high. I am not abandoning ship on Nesmith mostly because he's getting the most minutes on the team. And, basically, anybody in the universe playing 35 minutes can get you some kind of fantasy value. So I'm hanging on there, and I have no other additional thoughts on the Indiana Pacers. I think we're gonna move through this one a little bit quicker today. I say that, and then I know I'm gonna get caught up on some game. That's the Dan Vesper's way. Miami lost at Philadelphia. Still know Jimmy Butler. Duncan Robinson also injured partway through this ball game. He threw his back out, And that stinks. I don't know if that will cost him a game or not. The, the real shame of all of it, of course, is that you're you know, with Miami, well, yeah. I mean, they're every other day this week, so, you know, not bad, I guess. Not good. Not bad. They're fine. It'll be annoying if you have to dump him. They don't they don't have a fantastic schedule. They're sort of at the tail end of a nice scheduling stretch. They had that weekend to yesterday back to back. Anyway, Caleb Martin moves into a starting valuation with Duncan Robinson is out. There's just then kind of enough stuff, and he probably would get the start in that next ballgame if he's out, unless they go Nikola Jovic instead, but that felt like it was more of the Haywood Highsmith situation. Pulling back just a tiny bit here because we can get into the weeds from time to time. The key things are in this iteration, let's say Duncan Robinson is out. Let's say he misses a ballgame and Jimmy Butler misses another one. I don't know. He might. He may or may not. If Butler's out, I would start Bam, Rozier, Caleb Martin, and Jaime Jacquez junior. If Robinson is in, I would not start either Caleb Martin or Jaime Jacquez. I would start Duncan Robinson. You know what? Maybe I would go with Jaquez. I shouldn't I shouldn't go that far because if he's filling in for Butler if Butler's back and Robinson's out, then you probably just go bam, Butler and Rozier. Even though one of those guys, Jaquez or Caleb Martin probably, it's a start. It's really just all about having enough to do. And when Butler's in there, all these guys lose out on all the stuff they get to do. That's that whole minutes versus actual opportunity discussion. That's not to say that Caleb Martin won't play 33, 34 minutes and get you sort of some stuff. But the thing that I like the most about this ball game forget the forced steals. Obviously, that's the thing I like the most. The thing I like the most about Caleb Martin's game yesterday was that he took 14 shots. He was just involved on offense. Kelli Oubre finally exploded. This is kind of the game we've been sitting and waiting on because the thing with Oobre and and his rank hasn't been all that great lately. But the thing with Oobre is when he plays this number of minutes and gets this number of shots, throughout his career, he's been 75 ranger better. Nine cat. And he was, like, top 175 because he just wasn't shooting, and the steals and blocks weren't there for whatever reason. Or he was shooting. He just wasn't making them, I should say. And then all of a sudden yesterday, they went in. He got a bunch of blocks, hit a couple threes, even got some rebounds. This is why. There's gonna be some sort of leveling with him. The hope was that it was gonna come before the season ended, and we got a little bit of a taste of it yesterday. Maxey obviously is a go, and then no one else on this team, in my opinion, is a guaranteed go. You guys have heard me on the show lately talk about how I have this weird, like, sinking feeling around Paul Reed lately, mostly because he's coming off the bench. Yes. Going up against Bam Adebayo was probably the big reason that he didn't put up much in the way of numbers yesterday. Technically, I'll say it again. Technically, over since Embiid went down, Reid has been a startable fantasy player. But it just it feels like it feels like it's trending the wrong way. And it it also kinda feels like the numbers haven't really caught up with that. Like, his minutes have been going down, and his role's been going down, and somehow he's still going in that, like, 100 range. Over the last week, though, it's starting to tip the other way. I like the one steal in one block over that stretch. 23 minutes, though, is pretty low. 87 is probably not enough to get it done even with 1 steal in one block. And the field goal percent is weirdly lower that over that stretch as well. The nice thing about Paul Reeve is that he has a very high floor because he just has a good fantasy game. He's a good percentages guy, tends to be decent in both percentages, and he gets steals and blocks and rebounds. When you could do all of those things, you don't have to be very good in the other stuff to maintain some semblance of fantasy value. And that's why he's never gonna be like an outright drop even when his minutes are low, even when his production slows a little bit. He's never gonna be an obvious outright drop. He's always gonna be, in my opinion, kinda hovering in maybe that kind of doesn't matter group, like, 100 to a 150 range type. And that's startable in a lot of formats. It's definitely startable if you need a center. I just still have this feeling like something is is ticking the wrong way, and you've had a few of those lately. Bill Bamba had, 4 defensive stats and 2 3 pointers, but he only played 18 minutes, so nope. Kyle Lowry finally hit a few shots. Call it a revenge game. Call it whatever you want. He's typically just an assistant steals guy, and he did get you his steals here. He just happened to take a couple of shots. So nope. Let's move on. I said we were gonna go fast, and then I got kinda caught up on that ball game for a minute. Detroit blown out by Boston. Isaiah Stewart, who was a nice schedule play, left with a sore hamstring. We have no idea how bad it is. Detroit didn't give a very good indicator, but he did leave halfway through the ballgame. So assumption is that it's not great, but, also, Detroit was getting knocked around every which way but sideways, so there's sort of no reason to extend him. So and this is annoying because Detroit is sitting on a pretty good scheduling spot. One of the best starting on Sunday, actually. They had 6 games in 9 days, had 4 this week, and then they also start next week with the game. So Isaiah Stewart was set to be a pretty good pickup for a nice 9 day spell. You might have to move off him because he just can't take zeros. And I don't know that we're gonna get any info on him today, so you're in a little bit of a tight spot. You can try to wait until tomorrow to get more info on him. But by that point, you ice yourself out on any teams that go 4 times the rest of this week. By the way, there's only 1. It's the Pelicans. So not a ton of great streaming options there. There are plenty of teams that have 3 games starting tomorrow, and so you could pivot off of Stewart getting like, if he gets ruled out partway through tomorrow, you're looking at it and you're going, okay. So 2 game max then if he gets ruled out tomorrow. You could turn that into a 3 game week. Stewart might end up being a 1 or a 0. Or you go today, you assume he misses the rest of the week. You pick up a fringe pelican, and then you end up getting 4 games versus 3, but probably 4 not as good. That's the decision you're sitting on right now. And, unfortunately, I don't have a great answer for you. I don't know if Stewart's gonna play tomorrow. I'm guessing less than a 50% shot, but it would be great to be able to save that roster move. No Cade in this one. No Fontecchio in this one. No Ozar Thompson still who's dealing with his, lung slash asthma slash whatever's going on there. So not surprisingly, Detroit got run out of the building. Stanley Omude played 34 minutes in this one. Jaden Ivy is a play when Cade sits. He had 21, 5, and 5. James Wiseman got 26 minutes for I don't even really know what reason. Just blow out. Jalen Duran, obviously, is a guy you hold on to. Marcus Sasser got a start. He was meh. Don't read too much into this ballgame. I would expect to see Cade back in the next one. I'd expect to see Fontecchio or Thompson back pretty soon. And then, of course, if Stewart goes out, then you then other guys get shifted around. We'll, I guess, kinda see. No ads for me out of Detroit unless we get some kind of word. Like, if Stewart is out, they're like, oh, yeah. By the way, he's gonna miss a week or something like that. Then you could start looking and say, alright. Well, maybe Evan Fournier, maybe they run a little small, in a terrible shooting game. I don't think any of these guys profile is a roto play, but head to head because of the decent schedule, there's some shot at it. Boston, they're in the midst of a very good scheduling run. They are, right after game 2 of their 5 and 7. So they're off tonight. They play tomorrow off, Thursday, and then they've got a Friday, Saturday back to back. And the nice thing about Boston, the reason we should talk about them is because you're gonna get a game like this one, possibly 2. If you've been listening to this show, you're well aware of how Boston's been utilizing their players in these recent back to backs. If you're new to the program, Boston is sitting basically half their starters on the front end of a back to back and half their starters on the other. So in this ballgame, Jayson Tatum got the day off, Al Horford got the day off, and, Drew Holiday got the day off. So you got Porzingis came back, by the way, so that was something. You got Luke Cornette sliding in for a big lineup situation. You got Peyton Pritchard sliding in for Holiday at the point guard spot. And then with Sam Houser out, you got some bonus Jaden Springer and Sify Machilio, minutes off the bench, but that's a big fat. Who cares? I bring this up because tomorrow, they'll play their regular starters. So, Pritchard will be your, you know, 20, 22 minute guy off the bench. That's not enough for Roto. But they're Friday, Saturday back to back. Pritchard profiles as a guy. You could probably play in both of those. I don't think I would go Cornett in both of those, not with Horford and Porzingis both healthy now. But if we get word that Sam Houser's back before that back to back, he'd be someone you could play there as well just as something to look ahead to, either head to head or roto, whatever direction you wanna go. Those guys do have appeal on that back to back for Boston. Portland made a game of it in Chicago, and that's really all that, their fans can ask for right now. Play competitive basketball and then lose in the end. That's the perfect way to do it. Batiste Daigle came back, didn't last very long. His ankle soreness forced him out early. Tamani Kamara played 14 and a half minutes and was awful in a starting gig. I mean, and then but most of what's going on here with Portland is streamables. Eitan and Simons are the only guys you play every day. Banton played 33 minutes off the bench. They just Chauncey Billups liked what he was doing better. He had 5 defensive stats, which is kinda weird for him. I am not comfortable playing Banton against the Roto games cap. Yes. For schedule stream, you know, Jabari Walker slides back in as a possible schedule stream, Scoot, schedule stream, even Kamara. I don't think he's this bad again. Chris Murray. Portland has a lot of options, and they have a really good schedule, and they've had a really good schedule for a while. They had 5 and 7 mixed in there and then went back into it every other day position before they have another back to back later this week. We kinda need and Thibault going out is actually kinda helpful because we do need them to thin the herd a tad. See how it goes. You're not playing those other guys at the against the game's cap. Chicago's an easy one. They have 4 startable players right now. Kobe White would be the 5th when he comes back. So DeRozan, Iyo, Vooch, Caruso, those 4 guys, that's it. You're not playing Torrey Craig. You're not playing Andre Drummond. You're not playing Daylen Terry. You're not playing. You're not playing Jevon Carter. Easy. Minnesota, Utah. This one, not easy. This is a very confusing game in so many ways, and largely because I have no idea who's gonna play in the next one for either of these teams. We can, again, sort of make our best guesses on that, but shrug. Anthony Edwards posterized John Collins and poked him in the face in the process, and Collins left with a, facial bruise, basically. We don't know if he's gonna be available for Utah's next ballgame. What a huge letdown for folks that have jazz. I had Jordan Clarkson on a points league team. I was sitting and waiting for this 57 thinking, here we go, baby. Nope. John Collins missed 1. Now he misses a half of another. He might miss another one. Nope. Markkanen came back. I guess that's something. Let's start with Utah because they're annoying, and I wanna knock them out first here. So Markkanen is a start. Keontae George is a start. Walker Kessler is a start. Those are the 3 that are very obvious and also healthy. John Collins, if he plays, very much a start. Beyond that, it's a little bit of a coin flip. Taylor Hendrix, started to play 28 minutes in this game. He had 8 and 6 with a couple threes, a steal and a block. I don't think that's good enough in head to head or in, in Roto. Excuse me. It is good enough as a schedule play. Taylor Horton Tucker, pass. Chris Dunn, typically kind of an assist steals type. So, head to head specialist appeal. With Markkanen back, Sensibaugh is no longer interesting. Although if Collins now sits out, then maybe everybody slides up a notch. Clarkson is someone I would play obviously on the head to head side because you're just trying to rack up stats, but Roto, I'm not now that Markkanen is back. Back. Because a lot of the appeal with Clarkson was with with Markkanen out, Jordan was gonna get 18 shots a ball game, and then he could sort of overwhelm his 9 category pitfalls. Now Markkanen's back. But, again, I have no idea who's gonna play in Utah's next ballgame. They got a back to back Wednesday, Thursday on the road. They play Saturday as well. Still have a decent schedule this week. So try to hang on a little bit longer if you can just to see if any of these guys are ready for the back to back. And if they're not, you might have to start cutting. Minnesota. Infirmary. The Minnesota infirmary right now. They're hanging in there, though. You know, to the wolves credit, they're they're losing bodies left and right, and they're hanging tough. Wolves are a half game back of the thunder for the top record in the Western Conference, mostly because they played an extra game. Nuggets also a half game back of the Thunder. That's a race to the finish, those 3 teams. Nuggets really look like the best team in the West, maybe in the NBA, frankly, again. They have a, I believe, a slightly harder schedule than the teams that they're right there with, but I may have misplaced that. Thunder for a long time had the easiest remaining schedule. I don't know if that's still the case. That's why I was looking, and I didn't find a spot to maybe put, like, just $10 on the Thunder to have the best record. The one seed in the West, couldn't find it. All admittedly, I didn't look all that hard. I know. Lazy. Okay. So Nasrid hurt partway through this ballgame. Head injury. We don't know if he's gonna be back for their next one, which is tonight, mind you. So this is all very relevant if you can make a move for this evening. The guys that we know are upright of the usual starters for this team are Jaden McDaniels, Anthony Edwards, and Mike Conley. All 3 of those guys, in my opinion, are very easy yeses in all formats tonight, assuming Gobert and Nasrid are both still out. We don't know for sure. Gobert was talking about how he was still feeling soreness yesterday, so I'd be kinda surprised if he just magically wasn't today. But, again, anything is possible. So assuming Gobert and Nas Reed are out, those 3 starters are good to go. I would also play, Kyle Anderson because he's spot starting now. And I know I've said that I'm not into him this year, but with this many guys out, there's just so much leftover that him playing 30 some odd minutes, that's enough. He'll just do enough in those minutes. And then I would probably consider Nikhil Alexander Walker who, has a pretty interesting fantasy game. Not great in terms of percentages, so you just sorta hope that those don't blow a hole in you. But, like, this is a dude who had 3 steals, 2 blocks, 3 threes, 4 boards, 5 assists in yesterday's ballgame. And if Reid is out, honest to goodness, I don't even know what they Luca Garth, does he start at center? I can't imagine he starts at center. They probably just go very, very small. Does that mean Kyle Anderson is their small ball center? Maybe. Even if Garza starts again, he's only playing, like, 11 minutes here that like, these other guys are gonna get those minutes. So this one's this is for Roto, by the way. You yeah. I think you could play all those guys against the Roto games cap for their game tonight. And then head to head, you know, you're on your back to back here. Their schedule loosens up a bit after today. They're off for a bunch, and then they play, I think, Friday, Sunday, or something like that. So I don't think that I would use a roster move today to get into the wolves. But someone like a Jordan McLaughlin might take enough shots to be mildly fantasy relevant. That's probably about as far as I'd go beyond the names we already discussed. Memphis took Sacramento to overtime. Desmond Bane, 37 minutes. I guess that dude's healthy. Jjj fouled out in 39 minutes. Just couldn't get his shot going. And, you know, you started to see here basically a 6 man rotation for Memphis, and maybe we get a little bit of consistency. Although the situation for the grizzlies is they tend to play their guys against the teams either way. They know they're still gonna probably lose or the teams that are sort of fighting for playoff positioning. So they're trying to play spoiler a little bit, and then when they can tank against other bad teams, they do. What I don't know about Memphis is what they're gonna do with San Antonio because that's a tank opponent, but also, you know, everybody wants to play against Wembley. So maybe you get the starters. Here's where I'm sitting with Memphis right now. Things have have drawn a bit more clear with their various two way guys and g leaguers sitting this one out and and, you know, they're saving their availability a little bit. JJ is obviously a go as is Desmond Bane when those guys are in the starting lineup. Santi Aldama's been playing better with better players around him. I'm still a little bit reticent to play him when j j j is in because I'd like for Aldama to get consistently double digit shots, and he has been over the last few ball games. And you guys know I've been, I think, higher on him perhaps than I should be, but certainly higher than most because he does a little bit of everything, and then you just pray his percentages don't tank you, which, you know, they've been okay the last 3 ish, 3, 4 ball games. Would I play Aldama against a games cap? Probably not, unless I badly needed power forwardy kind of stats. I don't think I would play Gigi Jackson against the game's cap either. He's running hot right now, but when he runs cold, it really gets ugly quick. Both those guys, by the way, you can play in head to head. I have no problem with that. Jake LaRavia, same story. I don't think I could use him against the game's cap coming off the bench. Game played 41 minutes yesterday. Konchar, John Konchar is very interesting, but he became very interesting because Luke Kennard was out. We saw the previous game. Kennard started over Konchar, and it was Kennard that had, whatever it was, 9 points, 9 assists, or something like that. I love Konchar's 9 cat game. He gets steals. He gets blocks. He gets rebounds out of that guard position. He gets assists. He doesn't shoot very much, so you kinda have to be okay with that side. But he's like what Draymond Green was 3 years ago before he got super duper slow and disinterested. Apologies. Got some allergies today. So what do I do for Memphis' next ball game? Yeah. I don't know what Kanchar's situation is gonna be. I believe he missed this one for personal reasons, so he could very well be back or, Kennard, I should say. If Luke is back in the next one, and it's basically the same starting 5, but Kennard in there instead of Kanchar, I'd probably play Kennard. I don't think and this is again against the games cap. I don't think I would play Kanchar against the games cap. I don't think I would go Gigi. I don't think I would go Aldama. All of those guys will be fine on head to head if they're in there. Same story with LaRavia, but I don't know that we're gonna know who's playing for them until, like, 2 hours before the game happens. For the Kings, Kevin Hurter got, injured. I don't wanna say hurt. That's bad. Left early. How about that? Left early. And then it was Kean Ellis' time who came on and played 34 minutes and had 6 defensive stats. He's gone sort of full Matisse Deibel mode. If you need defensive stats, Keion Ellis is your man, because I don't think Hurter's back for the next one. Sacramento has a really good schedule starting tomorrow. They go 5 games in 7 days. If your league continues beyond this week, he would be very interesting and has a shot, like you know, I don't know how long Hur is gonna be out. I'm guessing at least one game, maybe more than that. But Ellis is picking up more minutes anyway of late. He's a guy you could get 3 defensive stats out of in each of those games. So 5 games at that rate, you know, 15 defensive stats over a week is massive. Head to head, roto, whatever you're targeting here, that's massive. So keep a very close watch on Kean Ellis. I think he's a a worthwhile pickup for tomorrow. And then, Malik Monk continuing to to rumble along here. He started slowly, got really hot, got very cold, and now he's been very useful hot ish again for the better part of about a month. So keep that going. And, you're seeing more Fox Ellis Monk minutes with, Keegan Murray and Dimona Sabonis and Harrison Barnes losing out a little bit there. And, look, I mean, this is why I think every analyst on earth was saying don't buy in on the Harrison Barnes stuff. And if anybody was saying the opposite, bring them to me. I'll have a I'll sit them down and have a talking to. Here's the silly one of the night. Josh Hart, 48 full minutes. Is anybody surprised he shot less than 30%? 10, 11, and 11. He had a triple double, sort of like the empty triple double. But 48 minutes, come on. Come on, dibs. Don't you know you're gonna need Josh Hart to be able to stand on his own 2 feet come playoff time? Poor guy's gonna die out there. But don't worry. Miles McBride also played almost 48 minutes. He rested for a minute 29, which, by the way, surprising twist here. They went McBride presumably to deal with Steph Curry. I thought, and we all thought, then I wasn't at at the computer when this game started because that's the late games here, those always happen when I'm right in the middle of family time. Before the kids go to bed, Knicks dropped their starting lineup. I'm looking at it like, whoop. Where's Precious? No Precious. 18 minutes for a Chua. Just not a a reasonable matchup for him. I do think that and we don't really know the deal with OG Aninobi. The Knicks schedule is pretty crummy this week. Actually, they're off for 2 days. They only have 2 games left the rest of this week. My guess would be OG's back for at least one of those, so maybe we don't need to worry about this too much. Now if he misses another one, like, you go into Denver, I think you probably see Precious Chua back in there because they'd want him to deal with Aaron Gordon. Dante Divincenzo is not gonna be able to deal with Aaron Gordon. No one in the Knicks starting 5 could deal with Gordon because Hartenstein would have been on Jokic. So I I think they would go bigger for that one. Now if OG's back, he probably just deals with Gordon. So you can't do much with it right now. You gotta wait a day, 2 days, whatever. We'll get our next report on Anunoby and go from there. In the meantime, I'm also not picking up McBride. Deuce, nice ballgame. When he gets these giant minutes, obviously, he's fan like, anybody playing 46 minutes is gonna post fantasy value. But I I just I can't imagine that this happens again. At least not, like, immediately. This is the you got 2 days off to rest, kid. Get in there. Meanwhile, I severely underestimated how much Trace Jackson Davis was gonna play in the warriors' next ball game. Some of it is because Moses Moody went down. Some of it is frankly because Draymond Green wasn't playing very well. So warriors were trying some stuff. Some of it's because Andrew Wiggins wasn't playing very well. And so they you know, Steve Kerr, to his credit in this one, he's been he's been killed for, you know, maybe not using his younger guys frequently enough. He was hunting for a lineup that was working. Go figure it out, and they traced Jackson Davis' minutes. He was a plus 6, so he got extra run, and it was a big one. 19 and 9 with 3 blocks. I continue to think that he probably slowly trends the other way, but he's hot as hell right now. And, you know, you guys know my feeling on playing hot players. I don't think that Trace Jackson Davis just sort of, like, turned a corner when Steph Curry got hurt, and now suddenly he's a guy that's guaranteed twenty 3, 24 minutes of ballgame. I also understand that saying that while he's actively having a monster game makes me sound like the biggest fuddy duddy on planet Earth. But just be aware. If you're gonna use him, say, against the Roto games cap, be aware that he could play 9 minutes in their next ballgame against the grizzlies. Although the grizzlies, you know, which iteration of them you're gonna get, probably the one that has real players in it. So maybe he does get to run if this other if these other units stink because like, Andrew Wiggins, I think I called him a member of the doesn't matter fan club. It might be worse than that. I think you could drop Wiggins. I think you could do better with that roster slot. Frankly, I think you could do better, and I don't know how many people are saying this because I don't have time to listen to what other analysts are talking about. But I think Draymond Green is a drop. He's just not he's just not good anymore at fantasy. I know he's number 1 13 overall on the year, and that's fine. And, like, if you're punt points, then he's playable. But he's also kind of a doesn't matter level guy, ultimately. I think we're past the time in Draymond's career where he's inside the top 100. I'm gonna hold on to Chris Paul. I know his minutes have been weird the last couple of ball games, but I still like, there's enough upside there to hold on. Klay, you're holding. That's an easy one to say after he has a good ballgame. Podgemski, you're dropping. Kuminga, you're holding. There's your warriors. Ta da. The aristocrats. Atlanta went into LA after playing in LA and got defeated by the Lakers and probably LA nightlife. They had 9 three pointers. They took a lot, but they didn't make very many. Dejounte Murray was, I don't know, tired. Didn't have a very good ballgame. Jalen Johnson was great. He turned an ankle late in this one. The game was already a blowout, so it didn't impact his minutes. The good news is that he did come back out and sit on the bench for the end. The bad news is it wasn't a great ankle tweak, and he's just coming back from an ankle tweak. And so you have to assume that they're gonna be kinda careful. The, better news as we go back and forth between good and bad news, the better news is that they're off for 2 days. So if there's ever gonna be a chance for him to come back without missing a game, it would be with a 2 day break before they play in Phoenix against the sun. So you might actually get a, a full Jalen Johnson week. Cross your fingers, you know, sacrifice a chicken or whatever whatever the line for Bull Durham was. Onyeko Okangwu back finally and looked pretty good, actually. He looked a little slow and a little rusty, and nobody tends to have great games against Anthony Davis, but it's pretty by all accounts. 19 minutes, 11 and 4 with 2 steals on good field goal percent. Missed his free throw, typically okay there. What I'm interested in and this game again was over early, so it's hard to get a great feel for what the minutes were going to look like. And the Lakers were actually playing some defense, which was incredibly surprising. They tend to struggle with honestly, they tend to struggle with guys like Dejounte Murray, but they ended up struggling a bit more to guard Jaylen Johnson yesterday. What are we doing with Atlanta? That's the you guys are all, like, stop talking in circles, Dan. Clint Capelle is a hold. Bogdan Bogdanovic is a hold. Dejounte Murray, obviously. Jalen Johnson, obviously. Okongo, I'm adding in roto formats. Head to head, I'm not adding because they they only have 2 games the rest of the week. They go into a 4 game week next week. So if you wanted to add on Thursday, it's not gonna help you much this week, but it would help you through multiple additional weeks should your Fantasy season continue to that point. And then Deandre Hunter is a guy that I'm a little bit worried about now. So I think he's probably gonna be fine, but you're also seeing this the this is the Hunter back and forth. When he runs hot, he puts up a lot of points on a lot of mid range jumpers, and he can roll sort of top 60, top 80 range on that. When he cools off, it turns kinda sour because he doesn't do that much other stuff. So if you wanna use that roster slot for someone else, I'm actually totally fine with it. I do think that eventually Okonwu is gonna play some more power forward minutes for this team. That'll slide Jalen Johnson down. That'll probably squeeze Hunter a little bit. So if you wanna drop the under Hunter, that's fine. I don't mind. I don't think he's a must hold player head to head with a bad schedule, for sure. Roto, you're sort of hunting points and decent percentages. Otherwise, And then the Lakers, decent games out of the 4 main guys. That's really where you're at with this team when they're healthy. That's it. You know what I liked seeing for the Lakers yesterday? And this isn't really fantasy relevant, but I liked seeing Max Christie actually get to play a little. He's, like, the only dude on that team with bounce. Okay. Ruiz got a little bounce. Ruiz got a little bounce. And, obviously, Anthony Davis has a little bounce, but everybody else is so slow and near the ground. That whole team, that Lakers team can't jump. It's why they get outrebounded so hard every game. Let's see some more Max Christie. Damn it. I like that kid. Good good, catch and shoot 3 point dude. He can rebound okay from the, small guard position. I want more Max. I think it for the Lakers. If they're getting a stinker of a game out of Dinwiddie or Torrian Prince, you gotta try Max Christie on a night like that. Doesn't matter for Fantasy. Dilo tied Nick Van Exel last night for the most 3 pointers in a season. For the Los Angeles Lakers, he will, of course, provided he doesn't now suddenly like, he didn't get hurt, so I see no reason to say anything of to suggest that he gets hurt in the near future. But provided he plays, I would think, in even one more basketball game, D'Lo breaks that record. And it doesn't get said enough, but D'Angelo Russell might be the best 3 point shooter in Los Angeles Lakers history. Isn't that nuts? And that's not to say that he's, like he has tenure, but you go back, you know, 30 years, people weren't really that wasn't a thing. Shooters weren't stepping that far out. That's 40 years, I guess. Good lord. I'm old now. So Nick the quick, Nick Van Exel, great outside shooter. And the Lakers since then have had some decent ones, but no one has ever been just consistently reining in threes the way that Russell has this year. So tip of the cap to you, D'Lo. You're fun to watch. I don't know that there's many things more entertaining in basketball than when a player because D'Lo is so streaky. When he gets hot, it's, like, crazy level hot. He'll just throw it in from anywhere. That's so entertaining. Hell of a season for D'Angelo Russell and, trying to give him a a few, you know, upvotes here after another great ball game yesterday. What's his fantasy ranking now? We can get this on the fly. Where are you, Dilo? Mid sixties still? Yeah. He ended up as a a real draft day steal at the end of laws. 64. 18, 6a half. The only thing you'd point out with him and say, hey. What happened here? He's only a point 8 steals. Thought that might be more like 1 or 1.1. That would have moved him into a 5th round valuation. Also, by the way, 64 games for D'Lo this year. He's been healthy on top of everything else. Good stuff for D'Angelo Russell. Alright, everybody. Big group of you following on Twitter today for whatever reason. I have no idea why it lands some days and and not others. Not as many watching on YouTube. Fingerwag. I'm gonna do a quick check of the chat room before we wrap things up. But, also, before I do that, I wanna remind everybody to check out our partners over atmanscaped.com. Promo code there is ethos 20, e t h o s 20. Gets you 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscape.com. I need to use my MANSCAPED stuff. I need to use this one that I just held up on the camera. That's the handyman, the electric razor. I need to get the, lawnmowers out from the medicine chest just right over there, and I gotta tidy things up. My face is getting a little bit gunky. I also need to fix my oh, that's not good. Trying to fix my my light here, and it's no. It's like making lines on stuff. I I don't wanna be a jerk and, like, blame my wife for anything, but she moved my light, and now it looks all weird. Ah, well. Also, please do come well, because so many of you that are watching live are, watching from Twitter, just make sure you hit the follow button while you're over there. Just click it. Some of you watching probably aren't following right now. Just quickly check, make sure you are. If you're listening after the fact, come find me on Twitter. It's at Danvespris, danbesbris. And check out our baseball draft guide available now at sportsethos.com. Joe Orico and his incredible team have put together a awesome awesome awesome draft guide. Top 250, projections, a draft tracker, sleepers, dynasty, busts, draft recaps, pitcher profiles. It's the whole thing. And those of you that have the NBA pass already, you can upgrade to the All Sport for just $2 a month. Alright. Let's see if anybody brought any stuff for the chat room that I haven't talked about. Thank you for the compliments, Jay on Twitter. You are most welcome. Let's see. If you're asking about streaming, just remember that we have another show coming up in about 15 minutes after I finish this one. And we'll talk about who to use for, you know, good scheduling spot. So if your question is about that in this chat room, you can either throw it in the comments after, and I'll get to it eventually. But I I can't promise it's gonna be super fast, especially today. I have a really tight schedule. Or just come on over to our second show today, which by the way is a good reason for everybody to actually click subscribe on something. Subscribe on YouTube. Subscribe on iTunes, Spotify, whatever it is. So that way you make sure that the next time I'm live on here doing the the streaming show, you guys are here for it. Do you think Tyler Herro is a hold? If you're in your playoffs, probably not. He still has no timetable. Okongo or Olinic? Points league. Kelly Olinic. Is Dante DiVincenzo a drop? I don't think so, especially not with OG Anunoby in and out right now. He had 18 and 4 with a steal and 4 3 pointers and good percentages yesterday. He's absolutely a hold. Is Larry Nance a good 9 Cats streaming option? Yeah. I mean, you know, we'll and we'll talk about that more on our second show, but New Orleans is the only team with 4 games left, so sorta. How bad is the Nas Reed injury? We don't know yet. Sorry. We'll have to stay tuned on that one. Is it okay to drop Jaylen Johnson or Iota sumo for Trey Mann? No. Trey Mann actually just got, ruled questionable himself, so I don't think you should do that. And if Jaylen Johnson's back fast, he, you know, he puts up huge numb those guys are guys that are putting up big numbers here. TJ McConnell, Trace Jackson Davis, Jonas Valancunas, Alex Caruso, Walker Kessler on on Yeko, Kangoo, who do you like out of these guys? Who? Well, Caruso, obviously, he's been great all year. Walker Kessler, I think he's set to have a really nice finish. And then I'd probably go Valentiunis. I know he's been bad lately, but he's safer than the other guys. And then Okangwu and then McConnell and Jackson Davis is Jackson Davis is at the bottom for me still. I still am not fully trusting him, and I might regret that. Anyone dropping Mike Conley after the 2 games? No, man. He still got 2 more the rest of the week. I think he can find a better drop. Is Justin Champagne an ad in ESPN points leagues? I don't think so. I think Kuzma's back, so I'm tempted to say no. I'd like to see Champagne do it if Kuzma's in before I believe that this is a thing that can actually stick long term. Chris Paul or Trace Jackson Davis tomorrow against the Grizzlies? I think I'd go Chris Paul. Should I drop Wiggins for Keion Ellis? I don't care who you pick up, but, yes, I think Wiggins is droppable. Are you always live on YouTube? I try to be. Yeah. And so and this show will be on YouTube, and then you can also just listen to it back on traditional pod channels. It gets posted as Fantasy NBA Today on all pod places. So if you ever miss it live, that's an easy way to do it. Fast. I know it's ease like, those apps, you can play them in the background and stuff. It's easier than a YouTube app. You don't have to use as much data because there's no video. And, it's easier for us to monetize the traditional pods. YouTube is tougher. YouTube's monetization program is pretty wimpy. Alright. Drop Scoot or Banton in a points league. I mean, why? What are you gaining? They still have 3 games left the rest of this week. Drop somebody who only has 2. You can add 2 games to your ledger that way. You're you're gaining very little by dropping a player who has 3 games for likely someone else who has 3 games or a bad New Orleans Pelicans option. I will be in your streams more looking for bet I've been looking for Fantasy Basketball Channel. Awesome. Happy to have you, bud. Just make sure you find some place to subscribe and, and listen back. And and, you know, I'm I'm I'm trying to be pretty active on Twitter. I'm not great at responding anymore because the messages come sort of too fast and too furious, and I got way too many things going on. But happy to have you and happy to have all of you along. Almost 800 of you watching live on, social media today. That's pretty wild. So thank you for that. Paul Reeder, Kelly Olynyk, rest of this week. Olynyk. You know me and Mike Kelly Love. Kelly Love. That's what we should start calling this show. Welcome to Kelly Love, a sports ethos presentation. I'm Dan Vesperis at Dan Vesperis on social media if you guys are looking for me over there. Still doing stuff on Twitter every day. Trying to get all of our best schedules, worst schedules, quick hits, streamers, storms. Still doing the storms out there. Trying my best. I'm I gotta admit, I'm getting tired, but I can make it to the end of the year. We're almost there. Let's keep winning. I'll be back in 15 with a streaming show. So sit tight, make sure you're subscribed. That way, you get it. We'll see you in a couple minutes.