Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Good morning, everybody. That's what I'm getting down to here. Good morning. Still the late morning here even on the Pacific Coast. Managed to squeeze it in there. Little man, parent teacher conference day, so schedule's a little wonky today. He's off school. But, we did have to go there for a half an hour and come on back and, you know, learn the things that we gotta work on with our kid, blah blah blah, all that same old stuff. We have a big Wednesday to recap, and I don't have the vocal strength to do a whole lot beyond that. So, please, I just beg of you here at the front end. Check out our premium stuff over at sportsethos.com. I think a handful of you have have tried the Fantasy Pass. I think a few of you even got in on the Wager Pass, which I I believe you'll all be extremely happy with. And at the very at the very least, come hang out with us in our Discord. Because right now, for me, like I've said, if you find me on Twitter, it's at Dan Besbridge, d a n b e s b r I s. There is a Discord link. That one should never expire. You can come hang out with us, over on Sports Ethos Discord. It's free to get in there. There are hidden rooms that are available to those that have, fantasy passes and wager passes and stuff like that. So, just ping us once you're inside if you wanna learn more about that. First things first, though, here. Actually, I guess that was the first thing. Ah, well. Let's just dive straight on into this stuff. And for those that are watching it on YouTube, you guys will have the box scores float up on your screen here in a matter of moments for everybody else. Don't worry. We'll be going through each thing piece by piece. I will not miss a thing much like, Aerosmith did in their, hit song all those years ago. I think the vote yesterday was that more of you preferred it when I put my face down in the corner, and it did block a few of the names. But at least I could sort of get one whole team's worth of stuff on the screen. Sorry, or you're welcome. I I don't even know what the the proper answer here is. But at this point, I'm really just trying to get through the week, and hopefully my voice will recover over the weekend. So these shows will not be as animated or as fun as usual, but there's plenty of information. So I wanna really jam that down your throats while I can here. Toronto blew out Milwaukee. This game was over pretty early, so the minutes are a bit all over the map. This is basically why, and the Suns too are another example of this. These are the reasons that you fade teams pushing superstars together, not because they're not going to be good, but because it takes time for them to get to that point. Bucks are gonna be great by the end of this season. Celtics are already great, which is kind of amazing. But Drew Holiday is such a guy that fits in everything. And then Porzingis is a guy that, you know, that he just sort of got to drop into a role that preexisted and the other things were around it. But, like, for the Bucks, they they really did blow things up. Khris Middleton is not right yet. He played 17 minutes yesterday. As I mentioned, I don't really want anything to do with Middleton this year. I think we're talking about, like, a month and a half long ramp up here. Unless you can get him for 2 pennies, I think, is what I said yesterday. I will not pay more than 2 pennies for Khris Middleton this season. But as far as, like, you know, the Dame Giannis thing goes, they they exploded in the 1st ball game, and that was adrenaline and teams not really understanding what was going on. But now the Bucks have to figure out how to fit the pieces together. This now comes the hard part. And they'll be fine. They're gonna get very good. But the number the season long win total number, if you're getting back into the sports betting side, for teams like the Bucks, like the Suns, is built on an idea that these superstars are just gonna be great together from day 1, and they're not. They get there over time, but they very rarely hit the big season win total numbers that we're talking about. But I don't wanna read into the fantasy stuff in this one. They were terrible. Let's just look at the Toronto side where Dennis Schroder continues to impress. I am so sorry, Dennis. I doubted you this year, and I should not have doubted you. He's an assist machine. He's fully running that team. Scottie Barnes, Pascal Siakam also doing some ball handling, but, like, the Dennis Schroder Show is upon us. So, like, you know, talking about a miss, a lot of the other guys, I think the jury's still out on whether or not it's a hit or a miss. This one, I think, pretty obviously, I I vastly underestimated how much he was gonna be doing with this team. And as a result, and I didn't draft him, I don't think, anywhere, Gary Trent was the guy where you were like, well, could he get some of the point guard stuff if they let Scottie Barnes run point? The answer so far is not really. I think Gary Trent is is trending pretty hard towards a drop at this point. Again, I don't have him anywhere, but trying to put myself in your shoes, if you do, he probably is not someone that ends up on your roster a couple weeks from now. So if you wanna get out in front of it, I'm actually kind of okay with that. No precious Achua, which means that Jakob Poeltl really didn't have anybody breathing down his neck finally, and he had a really good ballgame with a double double and 4 blocks. Let's hope that that's the type of thing that keeps up a little bit from there. Portland beat Detroit, and I don't wanna read too much into this either, but, Scoot Henderson left this ball game early. The, you can see it on your screen if you're watching that it says he he will not return as of the 4 minute mark of Q4, but that's not when he left the ball game. That was when he got ruled out for the remainder of the game. He left in the 3rd. That's why his minutes were at 20. He was actually playing a little bit better in this one, but, also, Portland got a whole lot better when he left because that meant more Malcolm Brogdon, who's just frankly a better basketball player right now. And that's not to say that Scoot won't get better as the season goes on, as his career goes on. But in this exact moment, if Portland wants to win games, they'll play a whole lot of Malcolm Brogdon at point guard because he's far and away the best option they've got there. There. Shaden Sharp was unguardable in this game. Anytime he took it to the rack, they fouled him. Anytime he shot from the outside, he knocked it down. It was really a pretty special game from that young dude who obviously belongs on rosters, especially while Anthony Simons is out and certainly while Scoot is out. With Scoop being out, I think we just get an even higher dose of Malcolm Brogdon. And also, can we talk about and I made this rhyme yesterday, but I'm gonna do it again. Why is everybody hating on Ayton? Please stop hating on Ayton. Because do you guys know what Ayton is ranked so far this year? Number 18 in 9 cat. And, obviously, the steals are unseasonably high. He's averaging 2.2 steals per game, but he's also, I believe, the league's leading rebounder so far, tied with Demona Sabonis at 14 rebounds per ball game. He hasn't even had to score yet, which I think is the thing that comes around if you're getting better point guard play, which Malcolm Brogdon would certainly bring that. So I don't think we should be surprised that Aidan scored 16 points in yesterday's game either. I don't know why everybody's hating on Aidan. Maybe it's a little bit of a sell high because of the steals, but also I think he scores more. So, yeah, there's a total disconnect there on what his value has actually been so far this year versus what people seem to think. He's been really good. And Portland won another ballgame, which is, dare I say, astounding. Blazers are 23. Hasn't been a complete disaster. Not that far off, but, you know, could be worse. Well, this win came at the hands of the Pistons, who were in control of this game for a while, but just sort of ran out of steam as the game went on. Marvin Bagley had the fill in at center with no Jalen Duran. If Duran's there, I would imagine the Pistons probably win this game. Although Bagley was actually a plus 8 when he was on the floor. It was James Wiseman that was a disaster. Big surprise there. Marvin Bagley, not a great fantasy line. The big turnover's kind of the the main problem there, so a little bit of a of a deflated. If you wanna play Bagley again in the next one, if Jalen Duran's out, I'm okay with that. I think you could probably even get away with it on both roto and head to head, but definitely for head to head. And then Isaiah Stewart, with no Duran, his job begets a little bit bigger. In my opinion, the jury's still kinda out on whether Stewart is gonna be a season long value. Right now, he's ranked 153, and it feels like he's actually been kind of okay so far. It's the lack of defensive stats, And he only had one more in this ballgame. If he gets anything in that department, he boosts himself inside the top 100. But so far, he's legitimately had one steal the entire season and one block. That's bad. Marcus Sasser is someone that got a popped a couple of questions popped up. He played 23 minutes, had a whole bunch of defensive stats. Not something that I'm reading too much into unless this is an upward trend, but I woulda need to see more before I buy in on that. Pelicans had a pretty nice comeback win here over the Thunder, and we just got word right before going on air that Shai Gilgeous Alexander has a knee issue. And he'll be sitting out their ballgame tomorrow, so that sucks a big old weenie. As far as the Pelicans go, Jonas Valancunas made the most of his 21 minutes. I'm gonna tell you guys to sell high, basically, anytime he has a big game in 21 minutes because I don't think we can count on him having a big game in 21 minutes every single night. But so far, he's been able to do enough in about 23 minutes per ball game to just barely eke his way inside the top 100, and that's a time where you might wanna think about moving. So could JV be a top 100 center? It's a possibility. I still think it's probably not gonna happen as long as this team is healthy. But Brandon Ingram has been out, and that's good for him because that allows them to, they need a little bit more offense. When Ingram is healthy, they need more defense. That definitely hurts him. So And I guess we should also throw the caveat in there. The Pelicans are almost never all the way healthy. So when I talk about this, maybe I should listen to my own words. And maybe that means that there is a path for JV because the Pels almost never have all of their guys together at the same time. Herb Jones was the other guy we were watching in this one. He's kinda slipped back into these bad habits of really not doing anything in his 30 minutes per game. I'm a little worried. I mean, they're better when he's on the floor because of his defense, basically. But I am pretty worried that when Trey Murphy shows up in a month that Herb is gonna be the guy that that kinda disappears. Also, Jordan Hawkins filling in for Brandon Ingram, pretty fantasy friendly line. Took 19 shots. I don't know where he gets up, taking 19 shots. But if Ingram misses any more time, he's dealing with tendonitis right now, and technically day to day, so I don't know that I could advocate a a Hawkins pickup. But it is good to kinda know if you're making a move at the last moment. If you if we do find out that Ingram's out for their next ball game, that's the direction you can go. As far as what to do on the Thunder side, with Shea missing tomorrow's ball game, I don't know that there's an obvious pickup. Lou Dort probably gets a few more shots, but his game isn't particularly fantasy friendly. Who slides into the starting lineup is still a little bit of a question. Is it, like, Lindy Waters? Is it Isaiah Joe? We saw him get in there and take a bunch of 3 pointers last year in some of these spots. I think I would just assume that Giddey, Jalen Williams, and Jed Holmgren become a a little bit more valuable for a game or 2, and I don't know that anybody actually moves across the cut line. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. The coughing. Indiana got blown out. They lost by 51 points with no Tyrese Halliburton. Andrew Nembhard got the start, but, as I've warned you all, his game is actually not super fantasy friendly. TJ McConnell is the point guard that has the fantasy friendly game, but McConnell got a whole lot of garbage time. I don't know that we can trust either one of those guys to play enough if Halliburton misses another one. So I am not advocating any sort of pickup there. And then everything else, you can just throw out because the box score was a mess. Same general story for Boston. They blew this game open early. Nobody needed to do anything. So moving along. Cavaliers beat the Knicks. This was a a home and home situation. Actually, I think both of these games were in New York. So I think this was a, home and still at the same home rematch. It's very hard to be the same team where you're kind of evenly matched 2 ball games in a row. And the defense came to play in this one. Nick shot 35%, Cavs just 43%. Caris LeVert was back in there. He's probably worth a pickup while Darius Garland's out. I he might even continue to be playable when Garland comes back because we saw Lavert play pretty well down the stretch last year. He's kinda carried it over into this season. This is the best iteration of Lavert we've ever seen. So why not? Certainly better for head to head than roto because of typical efficiency issues, but he's he's very much on the map. And then I'm sure I'm gonna continue to get Max Struce stuff anytime he doesn't have a great ballgame, and he's been very cold lately. Dude's shooting 35% from the field, but I don't care because that's not gonna happen all season long. Worst case scenario, he shoots 39 or 40% from the field. I think probably he even gets higher than that. He seems to be up among the league leaders in minutes or team leaders in minutes, I should say. Hit 4 boards, 4 assists, and 2 blocks in addition to making all 3 of his free throws. Had a high turnover game yesterday for whatever reason, but I am not moving off of Max Struss until his job changes. And right now, he's getting plenty of playing time. And that's all that we really need because at some point, these threes are gonna start dropping. As far as the Knicks go, we came into this ballgame hoping to learn more about whether Josh Hart was gonna get playing time. Then RJ Barrett was ruled out, and Josh Hart got the start. And so that question kinda went up in smoke. If Hart is starting, then you start Hart. If Hart starts, you start Hart. Easy peasy. But I do still kinda need to know. And so I guess to that end, you could pick him up and just ride with it to see kind of how long RJ Barrett is out. And if Hart still gets minutes when he comes back, if you wanna kinda get out in front of it, that would be the path to take there. Emanuel Quickely, 28 minutes in this ballgame, so that was a better sign. For me, the jury's still out. I think he he's more of a head to head type. I don't know that it quickly is gonna have the the playing time or the usage day in, day out to be a roto play. And I don't think much that I see over the next bid is gonna change my position on that unless he starts playing 30 plus minutes a night, and I don't think we see that happen. Brooklyn 109, Miami 105. The main story lines here, no Nick Claxton, no Spencer Dinwiddie on the Brooklyn side, and they still managed to pull out a win. Cam Thomas, 3 steals to kind of, help what turned out to be a pretty rough shooting night. And this is kinda what you like, gunners like that are not gonna shoot the percentage he had been. And I kinda told you guys, I was like, Cam Thomas, he does belong on rosters right now because he's getting all the usage he can handle. There's absolutely no reason to move off of that. But he was shooting like 58, 59% coming into yesterday's ballgame. We knew there was no chance that was gonna hold up. So now, is the other shoe dropping, is this a cold streak or just a cold game for him? We can't know really until the next one, but just be aware that when things go cold, they go real cold. He is as streaky as they come. Dorian Finney Smith, solid fill in at center for Nick Claxton. Royce O'Neil actually got the, the start for Spencer Dinwiddie because 3 of the starters are out for Brooklyn right now. And O'Neil had a pretty well rounded game, did sort of the quiet, like, I need to be out here for 40 minutes to get my fantasy stuff. But if we know he's gonna be there for 40 minutes, then he moves into that burger board position as well. Something that was kinda floating under the radar on the Heat side that I wanna point everybody's eyeballs to is Josh Richardson playing 30 minutes off the bench and, I believe, making a case to start. I don't know if that means that, they bench Shaquese or if they bench Kyle Lowry, but someone's gotta go on this team. Richardson was terrible, so it's not like they're gonna rush him into the starting lineup. But I think seeing him play 30 minutes off the bench was it, kind of an indicator of what they'd like for him to be doing at some point going forward. You know, shooting 1 for 9 obliterated anything that could have come from it on the fantasy standpoint. But a steal, a few rebounds, a few assists, if you put a couple of 3 pointers on top of that, he actually becomes then a startable fantasy play. So I don't know that you need to get out in front of this one. I don't think anybody's gonna be racing you to the waiver wire to pick up Josh Richardson today. But if you have somebody that's completely useless and you can cut them, this that's this is a guy that I would think about doing it for. Because I think that this is a you know, nothing's working for the Heat right now. They've been one of the worst teams in the NBA. They're 1 in 4. Only the Grizzlies are without a win to this point. And so Miami's gonna start to shake things up a little bit. That's one way that they might do it. Wizards, this actually was a blowout. They made it close at the very end during garbage time, so that's why the minutes are a little screwball. I wouldn't read too much into it other than to just note that the Wizards are gonna be in a lot of blah games because they're awful. They're really, really bad. I know they might be able to hang in there with some of the more middling teams, but they're getting smoked by even the middling teams right now. Mike Muscala got the start because Daniel Gafford's still out. I think his return will help them a little bit. But how much? I don't know that it's gonna make that big of a difference. Jordan Poole has been atrocious to this point. Tyus Jones had actually been kind of okay before this ballgame, but this knocked him down a few pegs. He's now number 93. He still hasn't shot a free throw, interestingly, so far this season. Notice that as we're looking at his numbers. Kyle Kuzma has been able to kinda stay above the fray. Denny Avia had a better ballgame here, but he's been kinda all over the map prior to this point. This good one pushed him back inside the top 100. I don't know that I trust Avdia to post efficient lines like this every day. He definitely profiles as someone you could look at in a points league. 9 cat is still kind of on the fence. Kuzma's a yes. Delon Wright, only 22 minutes here, but he had 3 boards, a 3 point, or 9 assists, and 2 steals. So that's kind of why you have him rostered if you have him rostered. And I do in a few spots, because I like the assists, the steals, and sometimes the rebounds combination from a point guard. Jordan Poole, obviously, is rostered. He is he's on this list that I've been, slowly amassing on the show of guys that are by Lowe's, but also ones I don't really want all that badly. He joins the likes of Wendell Carter Junior and Andrew Wiggins, all guys that are by Lowe's, but all guys that I'm not super into. And then, no other valuation changes there. On the Atlanta side, we saw Jalen Johnson move back to the bench, still almost double doubled, so I'm not super worried about that. Sadiq Bey slid back into the starting lineup, which is good for him. That's gonna buy him a little more time on rosters. Deandre Hunter has been playing like a man possessed so far this year. He very much belongs as a start until he cools off, unless he cools off, unless or until I don't know. Either way. And then this ball game was over early, so we got some bonus Okangwu minutes again. I can I finally do I have your collective permission to stop reminding everybody that they need to hold on to Onyeko Okangwu? Can this finally be the day where it's just like, we don't have to talk about it anymore? He's a must roster player, and very little is going to change that other than, like, Clint Capela is starting to play 32 minutes a game, which ain't happening anytime soon. Denver decided not to show up for this one, so don't read anything into that. Minnesota decided they did wanna show up for this one, so we got a nice one out of Mike Conley. I got a bunch of Mike Conley questions. Does he suck? Blah blah blah. This ball game pushes him inside the top 70 in the early going. This is what you drafted. You drafted a guy who's gonna hit a 3 pointer or 2, who's gonna get you somewhere between 46 assists on a night to night basis, Do it efficiently. And, hopefully, there are more of these coming up where he actually gets to be a a slightly larger participant in the offense. Slow mo, I'm a little bit disappointed with. I'll admit. Kyle Anderson, you know, 25 to 30 minutes a game, I thought he'd be able to do a little bit more, but the rebounding hasn't really been there. The assists haven't really been there. You've gotten a smattering of steals from Anderson so far, but those are available elsewhere. If he doesn't pick it up, then I'll move on. I'm gonna give him a little bit longer, though, just because, again, we know when he gets to minutes, he gets fantasy stuff. And, you know, I if his role changes considerably, then I guess that's where we would make a little bit of a pivot. But I'm gonna give him a little bit longer before I do anything, too rash with slow mo. Houston beats Charlotte, the Rockets getting their first win of the year. And the Hornets could probably use LaMelo Ball not being kind of a mess. LaMelo's been bad so far this year. This ball game, his shot was a little bit better, but he's actually outside the top 100 in 9 cats so far, shooting 30 a half percent from the field, only 15 and a half points per game. Really rough start to a guy that you may recall we referred to as a field goal punt build guy on draft night. Even with a field goal punt, he's still not anywhere near a 1st round value. No massive changes to my, valuations here. I think you stick with Brandon Miller. He had 5,024 minutes, so that was part of it. But he was still okay. Gordon Hayward continue to play well. We'll wait and see what happens with the front court when Miles Bridges comes back, but, that's all you really need to worry out from there. Ahman Thompson hurt his ankle. Grade 2 ankle sprain is the report right now. They expect him to miss a couple of weeks. Doesn't change the rotations very much in Houston other than maybe shortening them up a little bit. Jalen Green had a slightly more efficient ballgame. That's good. Dillon Brooks has been a bit of a fantasy surprise, but I wouldn't read too much into it, mostly because Dillon Brooks is shooting, wait for it, 59% from the field. If you wipe that out, go back into the low forties where you know he's eventually gonna land. It's gonna be a fantasy number that's not all that great. Also, his 5 steals yesterday, hyperinflating his steals numbers for the season, kind of in the same way we just talked about with Deandre Ayton. But with Dillon Brooks, you got all these things that are different than usual, meaning the field goal percent is different. The steals number is really high. The free throw is actually bigger than usual. He's going to taper off. He's playable in points leagues, should have been from the get go, playable in field goal punt type rosters, but I'm still not trusting him in 9 cat. Freddie VanVleet, good ballgame. Jabari Smith junior, good ballgame. Alper and Shangoon, pretty good ballgame. Not a whole lot to take away. Chicago falls in Dallas to a the, upstart mavericks who've opened the year 4 and o. No Kyrie Irving for the 2nd game in a row on the Dallas side. As far as Chicago goes, this is a team that really does seem to bounce back and forth between decent ball games and kind of uninspired ones. But, hey, at least Vooch had a 2020 game, so we'll go ahead and we'll take that. He's now back up to number 61 per game after a slow start. Cool. Zach LaVine was a little bit better. DeMar DeRozan was fine. I keep waiting to see if Alex Caruso is gonna jump over Kobe White. He hasn't yet, but Kobe White is not a good fantasy player, so he should be dropped. Caruso is the one you're waiting to see if maybe he can turn it into something, but he's not playing enough right now. On the Dallas side, I continue to be teased by Grant Williams. He's number 98 in, 9 Cat on 4 3 pointers and good field goal percent, and that's almost it. Now if he could get some defensive stats mixed in, now you start to cook with something. I don't think he's gonna be added in all that many places even though he had 7 3 pointers yesterday, but he is in a really nice spot with the Mavericks. He makes a lot of sense as sort of the tough power forward who's very, very, very good at hitting corner 3 pointers. And Luka's gonna get him open, and Kyrie's gonna get him open when he comes back. But I don't think again, I don't think you need to race out and get him. This is one of those ones where you can kinda be late on it because the what is the upside really for Grant Williams? Like, top 90? How much better is he gonna get than what we've seen so far? Not much. Tim Hardaway Junior continues his hot run to start the year. He's another one where I don't think you're gonna be able to sell for anything because nobody believes that he's gonna do this all season long. No Kyrie has been helpful. Four three pointers a game is not gonna stick. Twenty points a game is not gonna stick. Just take it while you can get it because at some point, you know he's gonna get cold, and then it's gonna hurt. The better news in this one, the good news I don't wanna say Maxi Klibow being hurt is good news, but it is excellent news for Derek Lively, who got 33 minutes because the the 3 headed center monster went back down to just being a 2 headed center monster. And Lively played really well. 13 boards, 6 assists, 2 steals, and a block. And, when one of the other centers is down, he is very much a guy that you need to be playing. And so perhaps with that knowledge under our belt, we can amend the probably droppable when all 3 centers are healthy to probably stashable when all 3 centers are healthy because he can put up some pretty good lines when one of them goes down. And, Maxie Kliba and Dwight Powell don't exactly have a clean bill of health. Grizzlies lose again. The boo birds are coming at this point. There's not much longer that they can go without a win before people start to get a little antsy. Xavier Tillman only 14 minutes. The question with him is always whether or not he's gonna see playing time against teams that can spread them out. And the answer right now is no. By the way, Santi Aldama still isn't back yet. But, you know, they'll run j j j up at the center spot if they need to. And I the thought process for me was what if Utah runs a whole bunch of Walker Kessler, which they did not do. They instead decided to everybody out, run Kelly Olynyk as the floor spacing passing big man, and that kinda forced Memphis' hand to go away from the Xavier Tillman offensive rebounding, bruiser type. And nothing that Memphis is doing right now is working anyway. So, oh, man, I really wish that I had my voice back. This is really a struggle. Larry Markkanen, another good ballgame. He's off to a astounding start this year. He's number 10. I thought he'd take a small step back. So far, that hasn't happened at all. Colin Sexton woke up, but we can ignore that. Jordan Clarkson woke up, which you kinda knew had to be coming. He's still not inside the top 209 category leagues. But, again, you know what you're getting on that point, so I'm not gonna belabor it. No. You're not adding Kelly Olynyk. John Collins, still playing fine. THT, let's just drop him and move on from this nonsense. And then Walker Kestler, you gotta sit on it at this point because, eventually, Utah's gonna go to him, and it's just not happening out of the chute. I wonder what price you can get on Kessler in a buy low. I don't know right now, but I would think about it, especially if it's on the cheap. Lakers Clippers was a fun one. Overtime game, Paul George fouled out. I think that was right at the beginning of overtime, if I'm not mistaken. And that was a big deal because he was kinda the only clipper hitting shots down the stretch and into OT, And then he hit LeBron on the elbow, and that was the end of that. But still a massive game for PG. He's having one of the best starts he's had to a season in a very long time. He's number 4 in 9 Cat to this point. Kawhi, big ball game, missed some free throws in kind of a weird twist, but I don't care because he's Kawhi Leonard. And the better news in this one is that Paul George and Kawhi Leonard played in a back to back. I mean, I know it was Lakers, so there was sort of more on the line. But whatever, it happened. Russ had a big one. Could this be his last big one before James Harden shows up? It seems possible, because he's not gonna be running the offense once Harden's there. But there's man, there's gonna be so much chemistry stuff to work out on this team. Norman Powell, kind of his last hurrah. Bones, kind of a little bit of a last hurrah. Ivica Zubatz, actually think he'll be okay. He's always already settled back into his normal outside the top 100 valuation. So that crap didn't take long. He had one giant ballgame to start the year, and then he's gone back to being regular old Evitsa Zubatz. What do you do with all of this information on the Clippers is probably the better question than me just highlighting what what's going on. You can't really do much of anything because nobody's gonna buy on Russell Westbrook knowing that James Harden's showing up. You're not selling on Paul George and Kawhi, although, again, with Harden showing up. If you could sell on Paul George and get a different second or first rounder, maybe that would be something to think about, but I I just don't think it's gonna happen. So screw it. Just play the hand you're dealt and go with it from there. If you're wondering why is Kawhi Leonard ranked outside the top 25, it's because for some reason, he's been a very bad free throw shooter so far this year, shooting 2 thirds. He's making 2 thirds of them on almost 4 attempts per game. If you crank that up near 90 where it normally is, Kawhi's back up near the 1st round where he normally is as well. And if these guys are playing in back to backs holy smokes. As far as the Lakers go, I think the big stories in this one forget the fact that Anthony Davis has been incredible so far this year also. He's the number 1, by the way, number 1 player in fantasy sports, mostly because he's shooting 85% at the free throw line. That's always the thing with AD. LeBron is much higher than I expected to this point, largely because he's been forced to play a a boatload of minutes, but that still only puts him at number 37 because he's been also quite terrible at the free throw line. They need to get LeBron's minutes down, and at some point, that's gonna happen. But they couldn't do it in this one because they wanted this damn ball game. Lakers have a really tough schedule to start the year, and they're trying to get off to an okay start in it. Those are not the Fantasy points. The Fantasy points are D'Angelo Russell, number 45, and he's gonna be a great value all season long. Christian Wood, 29 minutes at team best plus 14. He and Anthony Davis are really figuring out how to work together nicely, and I think Wood has played his way into a pretty significant role for this team. He is a must add player. Austin Reeves also woke up halfway through this game. He put a move on. I think it was Norman Powell that dropped him. Reeves hit the jumper, and then he was just sort of back to being clutch Austin after that. So congratulations. Right in the middle of this ballgame, he got a kick of adrenaline and busted out of his slump, and the buy low window is probably closed on him now. And then Klay Thompson, a game winner for the warriors over the Kings. That's become quite a battle in the Bay Area. Davion Mitchell hit 3 threes and had 3 steals filling in for De'Aaron Fox, but that's about as good as it's gonna get for him. I would prefer to stream Malik Monk while Fox is down, and then you just kinda hope that everybody else has a slightly better offensive game than they did in this one. As far as the warriors go, Andrew Wiggins, I already talked about him. He's a buy low, but I also don't really want him on my fantasy team anyway. Chris Paul closed this ballgame, but he only had a usage rate of 8, which is a little bit nerve wracking. I'd like to see that number come up. We knew that Draymond coming back was gonna have a negative impact on Paul, and now he's gonna kinda have to figure out how to play off of Draymond because those 2 guys are gonna be on the floor together. Dray is gonna be running things a bit more, or they'll figure out a way to work them both into it. I have faith that they'll figure this out, but, admittedly, I am a little bit concerned about the Draymond impact on CP 3. Mid show reminder to please follow me on social media because I can't talk that much longer or my larynx is just gonna fall right out of my throat. I'm not even gonna do promo because I just don't have the energy for it today. But my Twitter handle, again, is at Dan Bespris. Please drop a like, rate, subscribe as a thank you for me, because I am I don't all feel like I have to tough it out all that often because podcasting is fun, but I'm freaking toughing it out right now. Tonight, Toronto oh my god. I gotta cough. This hurts, guys. This really hurts. I cannot wait until this illness is over. Deep breaths. Vesperus, you're almost there. Toronto, I wanna see if Jacob Pirtle can keep it up, and I wanna find out if Gary Trent is officially a drop. For the sixers, do we know if the new players are available yet? I don't think we've got word on that. But if they are, finding out who's the starting power forward is paramount, and I might consider doing a pickup of that player before the game even starts. And if that player ends up getting caught in a massive carousel of minutes, then you can drop them. But I just don't wanna be late on it if, say, you know, what if they give it to Rob Covington? What if he gets to start? Do I expect him to play 29 minutes right out of the chute? I don't. But Covington in high twenties minutes is a fantasy gold mine, and I just don't wanna be late on that. Now if they start him and he plays 19 minutes, fine. You drop at the end of the ballgame. No big deal. No harm done. Pistons, please say Jaylen Duran's back. If not, you can throw Marvin Bagley into the mix. We already talked about that. I'd also like to see Alec Burks back because he was playing relatively well. Pelicans, we just talked about Herb Jones and Jordan Hawkins as a possible burger board member if Brandon Ingram, is possibly back. Although it sounds like Zion's gonna get rested for this one. So that's good for Jonas Valancunas, by the way. Wide open avenue for him. Does a Zion absence change some of the other front court stuff? We'll find out. For the Magic, I have become a Jalen Suggsophile. I think he needs to be on rosters to see how this thing develops, but so far his fantasy game looks pretty good. And it actually kinda looks like Suggs took a step forward. I need confirmation on whether Cole Anthony is, streamer level only, and then Wendell Carter junior, who I mentioned, kinda caught a stray earlier in the broadcast. A guy that is both a Bilo and someone that I still don't want. For the Jazz, I'm ready to just move on from THT so we don't have to talk about him anymore. And then, obviously, Walker Kessler is what everybody's thinking about as well. For the Spurs, same stuff as always. I get tired of repeating this, but I'll do it sort of lightning round style. How long before Trey Jones is the point guard? Because they're better when he's out there. Can the other main guys fix their efficiency issues? And that's all of them. Wen Banyama, field goal percent and turnovers. Kelvin Johnson and Jeremy Solhan, both percentages. Devin Vassell, kind well, right now, actually, free throw has been a bigger issue than field goal, but, again, percentages. And then Zach Collins, it's been turnovers. If the Spurs can clean that stuff up, I'll get a little more confident in what those guys are providing. And the zombie sons, Booker has been upgraded to questionable, so there's a chance they might get some of the zombies back. They may fix some of the undead and and get back to upright. If Booker's back, I think I'd leave everybody else alone. And by everybody else, I'm obviously not referring to Yousef Nurkic and Kevin Durant. I'm talking about the Joshua Kogis and the Grayson Allens and the Eric Gordons and so forth. And we just got our update on Jalen Duran. He is still questionable for tonight. And so that's the short Thursday, TNT Thursday game. Should be some fun out there. I mean, I'm gonna enjoy these damn basketball games even if I can't, vocalize my joy. The Pistons injury report dropped right here as we're getting towards the end of the show. Alec Burks is also questionable. So that's something to put on the list. Thank you guys for bearing with me on that. Let me see if I can handle any questions. I'm gonna scan the chat room for ones that I think are, possibly relevant to multiple people. So if you're asking a question that's very team specific, with my humblest apologies, I just don't have the vocal strength to go through all of them. But I wanna try to get to questions that might be relevant for everybody. Here's one. Mikos says, is Trey Murphy a good pickup and stash? So my answer to that is actually sort of complicated. I I the short version is yes because I don't think the Pelicans are ever healthy. They're just not a team that's gonna be healthy. Brandon Ingram is always hurt. Zion is always hurt. McCollum is getting older even if he's probably the most durable among them. Meaning, there will probably be an avenue for Trey Murphy to get to do some stuff at some point once he comes back. When the team is fully healthy, I don't know that Trey Murphy is gonna get enough to do. But, like, last year, I kept saying it. When they're healthy, he didn't get to do very much. And guess what? They were never healthy. They had 4 games all year, I believe, where Zion, Ingram, and McCollum all played together. And how many have they had so far this year before Ingram went down? 2? How How many games does Ingram played so far? I need to make sure I'm getting this right. 2. Out of how many? What are they at in games played? Are they at 4 or 5? Pelicans are at 4. So 2 of their 4 games, they've been fully healthy. If Trey Murphy was around for the 2 games that Ingram was out, he'd be a value. So my answer to this is probably yes. Should I trade Walker Kessler for Dennis Schroeder and 9 cat Roto? I don't think that I would. As much as I like what Schroder's doing so far, there are a few things going on with his fantasy game that don't feel fully sustainable to me. Most notably, almost 3 3 pointers a game is not a number that he's usually accustomed to, and I don't think he sticks at 9 assists. It's really hard to get 9 assists a night. Maybe he does, but I think that comes down. I don't think that I would sell on Kessler right now because you're gonna be taking a hit. And I know that there's this whole, like, sunk cost theory thing. In fact, I'd be more on the other side to say, what can I what can I use to buy on Walker Kessler because there's just no way he's this bad all season long? Christian Wood or Jalen Suggs in a 12 team roto league? Let's go Jalen Suggs right now. Because of this one, Dem Burrows, good question. Does Christian Wood maintain value once Jared Vanderbilt comes back? So there's gonna be a matchup thing that happens. Although, yesterday, I think most of what you would have seen Jared Vanderbilt do was done by Cam Reddish. Now I know that some of that had to do with the fact that Rudy Hajimaro was out and Gabe Vincent was out. And so the Lakers are pretty thin right now with no Vando, no Vincent, no Ruhi. That's why I picked Suggs in the previous question because I think the Lakers do go a little bit matchup heavy when they needed those big guys, when they needed that rebound and kick, when they needed to have rim protection as teams try to pull Anthony Davis away, Christian Wood is the one that makes more sense than those other names. So, I think the answer is probably here. Because I think Christian Wood is elevating himself above the pack a little bit. But also why I like Jalen Suggs more is is for reasons like this one, because there are guys coming back, 3 of them, that make life harder on the non superstar level Lakers. What do I think about Derrick White rest of season? I think he's gonna be really freaking good. He's one of the, like, main b 150 targets that a lot of people were fading after the Drew Holiday trade. He's number 19 right now. So as much as Walker Kessler has been down, White has been way, way up. Matthew asks, should I drop Bobby Portis, Evita Zubatz, or Kevon Looney in 9 I think they're all droppable, frankly. So I don't think it matters which one of those 3 players you pick. Let me see if I can find some other one. Do you think Deandre Ayton can keep these stats up? Would you trade Deandre Ayton for Kyrie Irving? Yes to the second question. If you can use Ayton to get Irving, you absolutely do it. There's no chance Deandre Ayton keeps up 2 steals per game. That number comes down. The points probably come up for him, but the steals drop off probably impacts his value more still. I think that Ayton has a really good shot to be top 40. I think Kyrie Irving has a really good shot to be top 10. So that's the that's the direction you go on that one. Let's see here. I'm gonna skim past some of these questions that are streamer related. Hey, Dan. Can Nas Reed keep this up? Does he get just 20 minutes per game moving forward? Can you rank Nas Reed, Time Lord of Manuel Quickley, and Markelle Fultz? I love Naz Reed. He's a stat magnet, always has been. I was praying that he was gonna get traded to a team that would give him more opportunity than the wolves have. He didn't. So, I would say keep Naz Reed on your roster for now. But among these players, I would rather have Markelle Fultz and probably Robert Williams. Although, he and Nasrid are are relatively close. And then in in 12 team Roto, Emanuel Quickley is at the bottom of that list. Hey, Dan. Should we be concerned with Mark Williams' minutes right now? Yeah. Probably a little bit. I mean, this is what I talked about during the preseason. I I I was concerned that they run PJ Washington at center sometimes, and they have. And they have Nick Richards who's a viable backup. I just I didn't think that they were gonna turn the keys over to Mark. He's still number 63, though, so it's not like everything has been disastrous. But the answer is yes. I I don't know that he's guaranteed 28, 29 minutes of ballgame. Hey, Dan. Can you give me some hope on Walker Kessler and Scoot? Scoot, the hope is that he'll be good by, January or February. So it's the same thing. Rookie ball handlers. If you don't if you don't know, now you know. Walker Kessler, I I don't know why they're yanking him around like this. I I do think he'll come around. I just don't know exactly when it's gonna be. I would, hold on Kessler. Scoot is someone that I would I never would have drafted in a 1000 years because you know how the seasons are gonna go for these rookie ball handlers. Instead, he's someone that I would think about trying to buy low on in about a month if he's still struggling like this. Xavier Tillman or Onyeka Okangwu rest of season? Okangwu, and it's by a mile. Is Desjontae Murray a good offer for Kyrie or Jimmy Butler right now? Sure. Yeah. Go get Kyrie Irving for Desjontae Murray. I like that a lot, actually. Deshontae's had 2 really good ball games after a couple of slow ones. He's number 27. He probably finishes somewhere near 25 to 30 range. Kyrie has that top 10 upside. Butler is a by low also. Yeah. I mean, either way, I'm actually probably good with this. John Alves is suggesting I go to Jason's Deli, get some sweet tea, and mixed juices with lemons and limes. John, for me, I just gotta stop talking, man. I have the laryngitis because I keep doing these hour long damn podcasts. Let's see if we got anything here. Roto. Sorry, guys. I know those that are listening are, are hurting right now as I scan through. Hey, a visit from Josh Lloyd. What the hell is he doing awake right now? What's up, my man? He called me sexy voice. Here, let me go let me get in real tight to the microphone. Although, that was 40 minutes ago. I don't know if he's still hanging with me. That started a chat in the chat room. What's this one? Oh, Tupadre is calling me Dan Gasol. I got a new nickname, guys. That's kind of fun. Just wanted to know your thoughts on when does value trump team comp in a trade. I just got offered Klay for Mitch Robinson, but their stats are so different that it's confusing. This is a really good question, and I truly wish that I had the voice to get through a good answer to it. I would say that at this juncture, I'm hunting for the best possible player. So I'm probably taking Clay in that one even if Mitchell Robinson makes more sense for your team. Although, it's worth pointing out, these guys both might end up ranked, like, near 60. Because for Klay Thompson, he's had some games where he didn't take quite as many shots so far this year. For Mitchell Robinson, his, actually, his numbers seem relatively normal other than a very low field goal percent. They're probably both gonna put up numbers that are a little bit better than what they have been doing. So if you're in that type of situation, you definitely tip towards the player who's the better fit. But I actually think both those guys end up moving up towards that 60 range. So, I think you probably could go fit in that particular trade. But in general, like, if someone I don't know what a good example would be here. Klay Thompson or, like, Rudy Gobert. No one's gonna offer that right now because Rudy's off to a pretty good start. Yeah. Theodore says the discord link under the video isn't working. Good to know, my man. I will fix that. I will fix that literally as I'm on air with you guys right now because I can do that. I thought I fixed it the other day, but I maybe I copy and paste it over from a different show that had the old link. But that should be fixed if everybody refreshes now. And I where did I put the discord link in here up above? There it is. Here's one that works. Thanks, man. Good looking out. I wanna make sure I have the right one in there in case anybody wants to pop in and and, and join our sports ethos discord. Let's see here. Thoughts on cat. Honest to goodness, I haven't even looked to see what he's ranked so far. Number 60. He's number 16. He's shooting 37%. That's a number that's gonna come up. Actually, otherwise, I like a lot of what I've seen about Kat so far this year. I don't know that people even realize he's down that low. If they do, he's a buy low. If not, it's, you know, ride it out. Is Walker Kessler a hold in a points league? Yes. Draymond Green or Xavier Tillman? Draymond. Is Chris Paul a streamer now that Draymond is back? Nah, man. It's gonna take some time for them to, sort of work out the chemistry. I know Paul wasn't as good yesterday, but you can't move on after 1, after one of those bad boys. Yakov says, Chris Haynes reported that Middleton would be on a limit for 6 to 7 games. Does this change how you view Middleton? Even if he sits back to back, everyone in the league does anyway. I don't think everyone in the league sits back to back. So I actually think that league is gonna be pushing their guys to try to play a little bit more this year. And look, last year, we got weird reports on Middleton all season long. So no. Not really. I I just like I said, if I can get it for 2 pennies, I'll do it. Not gonna say no to a really good deal. That would be against my heart. But I'm not going and paying much for Middleton because I do think he's lost a step. I do think he's slower than he used to be. I do think he's gonna be back seated to, Giannis and Dame. And I think you're looking at a guy who, when things go right for him, he's not top 40 anymore, but he's more like top 70. Oh, boy. I'm running out of steam here. Let's see here. What do we got here? Delonte says, just please don't paywall the shows. Yeah. I don't plan on ever paywalling Fantasy NBA today. Dan, do you happen to know if a player who is out but in your starting lineup counts towards your game caps and Yahoo leaks? It's a good question. They do not. They do not. So, you do not get penalized. The only way you get penalized is if they actually check into the ballgame. Let's see what do we got here. A lot of people telling me to feel better. So thank you. I appreciate all that. Brandon Ingram or Julius Randle? I don't care. Randle's gonna play more games, so probably Randle. What are your thoughts on Azar Thompson? I think he's amazing, Azar Thompson. I've been really impressed with him. He is gonna have sort of the rookie growing pain stuff. It's why he's only ranked number 91 because he's shooting 39% from the field, 75% at the free throw line, and 2 and a half turnover as well not even really being a primary ball handler. But 10 points, 10 rebounds, 4 assists, 2.8 defensive stats, like, the outlines of a truly impressive fantasy game are there, and I would buy on him if given the opportunity. And, I think that may be what I have to do today. Oh, here we go. Here's a quick one. Vooch or Jamal Murray? That's fair. That's fair. That's fair trade. I was fading Nuggets regulars this regular season because I thought they'd be in kind of a does the regular season really matter posture. And they came out and won a bunch of ball games right out of the chute. Although, you know, you might even argue that they've been a little bit they've been coasting while winning mostly. So maybe a slight lean to Vooch here, but I think both of these guys you know, Jamal Murray will probably end up in the 45 range. Vooch will probably end up in the 40 40 to 45 range. Maybe he gets as high as 35. So totally fair trade. And should I aim for Okonwu on the waiver wire? Absolutely. Make sure he is on a roster. Stop letting Okonwu float around. Everybody seems surprised by what's happening so far, and it's exactly what happens every time that both he and Capella are healthy at the same time. So just enjoy the ride. It gets better all the time, and he had a big ball game yesterday. And now I go to try to rest my voice. Thanks to everybody for hanging out with us. I'm basically whispering here by the end of the show. Please like, rate, subscribe. We got the Discord links everywhere. If you wanna hang out there, hit me up on social at Dan Vaspris. Again, it's easier for me to type things right now than talk about them, but the show, the Iron Man streak, a new Iron Man streak must go on. Love y'all. See you soon.