Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Double checking to make sure I actually turned the music off today. I think I did. Good for me. Looking at myself in the camera, I feel like this hat sits a little high on the old Domuru, but doesn't matter. I got a fun shirt on today. It's tech mobile day here in the Vesperus household. What does that mean? Well, it just means I put on the shirt that says tech mobile. Otherwise, it means we've got a Wednesday to recap here on Fantasy NBA Today. I am Dan Besperis. Thanks so much for watching, listening, subscribing, and liking, however you take in this content. And, if you're feeling so inclined, if you feel moved, if the spirit of fantasy sports moves you to drop a 5 star review on the, traditional pod channels, thank you to everybody that's made this just an unbelievable start to a season, the run up part of the year, September, October, the growth of the podcast, the growth of YouTube, the growth of sports ethos has all been pretty damn cool. One thing that I have not been doing a good job of over the last couple of days on this show is starting with the news. It's sort of slipping into the show as we talk about upcoming games or games that just started. So I wanna change the, format just a little bit today to talk breaking news first, if there's anything breaking. So stuff that kind of pops up, like, first thing in the morning here. Then we'll get into the recap of last night, then we'll do a little bit of a quick preview of what's coming up this evening. And, if there's any time, we'll hit a few questions from the chat room. As you guys have probably noticed, I don't have quite as much time to hit all of the questions. So if you're here, you're watching, you wanna throw 1 in there, make sure you do so on the early end because I will likely go through them chronologically, which means the folks that post your question partway through the show, they just might not get answered. Okay. All that said, we'll do some promo in the middle of the show. Right now, I just wanna jump in. We got a report this morning from Shams that Bojan Bogdanovic's day to day could be back, as soon as tonight. Actually, I think the Pistons have another ball game here. So you might get his debut. It's not gonna be a full complement of minutes right out of the chute, so don't expect him to explode on night 1. But check your league. He's only rostered about 60% of Yahoo leagues, which means that you may be in one where he's not. And if he's not, you should stash at this point, especially when he's this damn close. Assuming there's a week, week and a half, 2 weeks, something like that ramp up to get his legs underneath him and so forth, understanding that along the way, you might have a couple of decent ball games. But the Pistons have lost a franchise record. Is it 15 now? Games in a row. They haven't won a game in the month of November. They've got the Knicks. Well, so it ain't getting any easier. They're gonna have to change something. And watching that game I haven't watched that many Pistons games live. I'll be honest with you guys, because most of the time, I have a a pretty good feel for what's going on out there. It's just, like, not much is changing with Detroit. But this is an opportunity for kind of a delta for them. Something's changing. So one, you should watch it. But 2, if you haven't, you should watch the Pistons because they're very bad offensively. They have issues defensively. It's just a mess all the way around. So, like, you get a veteran that can score back in the mix, they're probably gonna play him. That's my thought. Like, what could it possibly hurt? They simply could not be any worse than they are right now. So if you're thinking, will he get minutes? The answer is probably because they're awful. Alright. Let's, let's dive in. Let's talk a little bit about what happened yesterday. Speaking of Lakers Pistons, they were the worst 1st game on the docket last night. D'Angelo Russell went nuts. There's by the way, the, the stat popped up last night on D Lo. This is the first time a Lakers guard has scored 35 points on 17 shots or less since Kobe Bryant, which doesn't eliminate that many, like, legitimately good players because since then, guards have mostly been kind of filling in around LeBron. But still kind of a fun little stat. And when Deelo gets hot, he gets so hot. Not cope I mean, Kobe was, like, that next level hot when he really got cooking. But there is something exciting about watching a player in the NBA that that gets on these heaters in the middle of a ballgame, like the heat check guys, where they start just taking, like, idiotic shots that have no business going in, and they're going in. And Deelo is one of those guys, and it's why he actually ended up and talk we know we talked many times about that Utah, Minnesota Lakers trade last year. It's why everybody got happy at the end of that one. Lakers got Dilo because they needed somebody that could just get hot around LeBron. Minnesota got Conley, who's the veteran boat steering type. There's been a lot of really cool stories about Mike Conley's leadership in Minnesota over the last week. You should go seek those out if you haven't. And this is a good reason why. And with this gigantic ballgame, D'Angelo Russell pushed himself back up inside the top 65 on the year. I think he's now number 62 in 9 cat. He's played in all 19 of the Lakers games, which actually makes him number 30 by totals, believe it or not. Some of that's because the Lakers have played a game or 2 more than some of the other teams, but a lot of that's because he hasn't missed a game yet as Dan knocks on his desk. 17 and a half points, 6 and a half assists. I said it right after the first, like, 2 or 3 games of the year. You know, he wasn't somebody I was targeting in drafts, but he just kept falling outside the top 100. So I ended up with him in a couple of spots, and I couldn't be more pleased. But this is not a d low show because nothing really changed there. And, frankly, nothing really changed with the Lakers because this is a blowout. So you got blowout minutes for guys like Christian Wood who put up some numbers late. Ignore. Cam Reddish came back, played off the bench as he gets sort of revved back up again. He might be a steals guy if there are a few more games before, say, Rui Hachamura gets back. We know Jared Vanderbilt is starting to get closer, but they'll bring him along kinda slowly. So there might be a window for Reddish to be a steal stream, but that'd be about as far as I'd go with any Lakers stuff. Pistons are a disaster. They took a ton of 3 pointers yesterday because that's basically what the Lakers were daring them to do. Pistons are a bad 3 point shooting team, and not surprisingly, it's a strategy that kinda worked, because Detroit shot 41% for the ballgame. It doesn't put them in a great position to go get rebounds, and the Lakers won a rebounding battle for the first time in god knows how long. And nobody was good for the Pistons. Jaden Ivey fouled out in 90 minutes. Deelo just worked him. Jalen Duran got eaten alive by Anthony Davis, and they weren't gonna push him late in the ballgame because he's dealing with ankle stuff sort of systemically. And so, yeah, nobody with a good game for Detroit. And I feel like we need to go a tiny bit deeper on the Pistons. Now with Bojan Bogdanovic coming back, it's it shakes things up a little bit. But the main point here is that well, first of all, let's start with the guys you're holding, obviously. You're holding Cade Cunningham. You're holding Jalen Duran. You're holding Aasar Thompson, who I did have on my cell board yesterday because I still felt like he was gonna go farther down before he rebounded back up again. And this game was a shining example of where that could go. Although, you know, he did fine at least in field goal percent. It just to me felt like his defensive stats and rebounds were gonna continue to go the wrong way. Some of it in this game was because he only played 21 minutes. Blowout city, like, no reason to extend your young guys. However, if Thompson continues to trend down this hard, he'll actually very quickly move back onto the buy board. Something to keep in mind. So those are your 3 guys and then add Booy on to the list that you're like, okay. I think I'm okay with these dudes. But then these other dudes are bouncing on and off of rosters. I think Jaden Ivey is a guy you're gonna hold on to a little bit longer just to see how this thing plays out. It's not clear who goes to the bench with boy on coming back. Probably nobody. When he makes his debut, but after what? 2 or 3 games, is it gonna be Isaiah Stewart that hits the pine? Is it gonna be Ivy and sliding Cunningham back down to point guard? We don't actually know. So you can hang on to Ivy for now, but I'll say this. I don't think the 9 cat upside is all that great for Jaden. Turnovers, free throws, field goal, like, there's gonna be a lot of stuff where he's gonna have to overcome to hit value. And when the team is this bad and when you're not the primary guy, it's pretty hard to overcome that. So I don't know that you need to hang on to him in any format. I'd try to in head to head just to see how it goes, but Roto, you can probably look somewhere else. Wizards got blown out again. Once again, Kyle Kuzma was the only wiz who played over 30 minutes. He was the only wiz who played over 28 minutes in this ballgame. Denny Avdia had some pain in his arm, says he's fine. We'll see for their next ball game, but at least he did play well leading up to it. And after he went through kind of a little bit of a dip, warm start to the year, then a mini dip, now he's back inside the top 100 after this ball game. Jordan Poole was a little bit better. I I mean, you'll take it. This is, I mean, absolutely a game you take. Daniel Gafford only got 2 shots off in 26 minutes. That's unfortunate, but he did still make both of them and somehow salvage this game with, you know, perfect shooting and 3 defensive stats. He's a hold. Tyus Jones, I have to put on as a hold. It's my wife calling me right in the middle of a podcast, so I think we may actually have to pause the show for just a second. You guys enjoy the music while I find out if everything's okay. Okay. Everything's fine. I didn't even bother to turn the music on. That went quickly. Sorry, guys. Family stuff. You know, it's reality. I thought I had a window here. So, Tyus Jones is where we were taught and I totally understand the frustration. I am also frustrated. I thought he was gonna have a much better year, but he's not getting normal minutes ever. So ever, I guess, is not entirely accurate because, basically, every time he has gotten normal minutes, he's put up a nice fantasy line. See, you know, 3 or 4 and 5 games ago. Wizards have competitive games against Milwaukee and Charlotte in those. And Tyus Jones had good ball games. Scored 18 points with 3 assists, 2 rebounds in the other one. He had 13 and 7 with a couple of steals in the game after that. Oh, excuse me. I actually looked at the wrong ball game. Then he had a 22 7 and 7 game with a steal. Like, we've seen it. Every time he gets to 29 minutes, he puts up a good fantasy line. It's just that too many of these damn games are decided super early. He doesn't clear 26, and then there's just sort of not quite enough there. So what the hell do we do? I think you gotta hold because we've seen it a 1000 times. When he gets starters minutes, he's a good fantasy player. And there just aren't that many guys on the waiver wire where you can say, oh, yeah. Like, he's he could be a good And on top of that, how many of the guys you picking up on the wire are the starting point guard or is the starting point guard for an NBA team? Very, very few. This is a starter who if his crap dink team could just play a game that's within 10 points in the final 5 minutes, he'd get 29 minutes, and he'd put up a good line. The problem is that we are now I don't know how many freaking games deep for the Wizards, but that's only happened let's see. How many games are the Wizards plays that were actually competitive in the Q4? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. Is that it? 8? 8 out of what? 18? Is that where we're at right now? Absurd. But it should also be a, like, very strong reminder that, you know, this team is running on, like, less than 50% competitive basketball games, which is very unusual. Even for a bad team, usually, they kinda hang in there a little bit. I cannot imagine that this team plays more than 50% blowouts. I cannot imagine that over the course of an entire year, they play more than 50% blowouts. That seems nuts. Could it happen? Yes. But the odds still seem somewhat low, which means that at some point here, they're gonna play 4, 5, 6 out of 7 games, something like that, that are a little bit more competitive. And then Tyus Jones, he's like a top 60 guy when he gets starters minutes. It's just happening 45% of the time. The rest of the time, he's getting bench player minutes, and he's like a top 1 50 guy in those. How do we reconcile that? You kinda have to hold on. Kuzma, you guys know my take on Kuzma. I still think he's probably a sell high guy. He fell, like, 20 slots with this game yesterday simply because, like, he didn't shoot the ball well or get defensive stats. It it just he's a he's gonna score a bunch, and he's gonna have a ton of usage, but he's another guy where you could see the bottom kinda fall out a little bit. So try to get somebody inside the top 60 for Coos if you can because it's gonna be hectic. And the Wizards being this bad, Kuzma and Jones, sadly, and Poole and Gaffer, everybody else, all these guys are risks to take days off going forward. I think we can move a little bit faster on most of the other teams from yesterday, but I felt like the Wizards need a little more discussion. Franz Wagner's been on a heater. I've talked down on him a few times, but he's been great lately. I think he's rolling top 40 the last week or 2, and that's pushed him up inside the top 70 on the year. He's taken more control of the team than I expected, honestly. I thought that he was gonna maintain kind of the same job as last year, but there are a lot of games where he's just like, yeah. My team right now. Now, playing against the Wizards helps everybody. But, you know, hang on. Run that out. Cole Anthony is on a heater for the freaking ages. He's still not inside the top 1 30 on the year. But over the last week, he's the top 25 guy. Is this gonna last forever? No. It's not. He's out there, and he is just, like, mad firing. But enjoy it. It's okay to stream a guy who's super duper hot. Just understanding that it's probably not a rest of season thing, and that's okay. And if Markelle Fultz ever resurfaces, then everything gets shifted. Someone was asking me, like, 2 days ago if they should drop Jalen Suggs. No. He's number 64. He's one of the best steals guys in the NBA this year, and it's not a fluke. He's freaking everywhere. Also, Goga Bataadze, top 10110 center stream these days. That's actually probably good enough in a lot of formats. So feel free to drop him in there if you continue to need kind of a center with limited potential. That's okay. He's only 31% rostered. So folks generally don't feel like they need it, but you could. Devin Booker turned an ankle about halfway through this ball game. He was in the middle of having a very bad game anyway, but the ankle was not the reason for that. It was certainly the reason that he couldn't get anything going late in this ball game, but this is like like it's it's not a victory lap, people. Booker fell to number, 13, excuse me, from number 7 in one day. And, unfortunately, that's what happens if you're at the top of the board and you don't have even a good game. This is a very, very bad one. Bad shooting, like, no peripheral stats. But we kinda knew something like this was coming. Not this bad. I didn't think this was gonna happen. We just knew that a lot of the stuff he was doing was not full time sustainable. And then on top of that, like, there was just no way he was gonna take 22 shots a game if the team ever got healthy. I still think you can sell high after this ballgame. And if he's dealing with now an ankle injury, this may be not the time to do it, but that's why he was on my cell board yesterday. If Booker misses time, we get more Kevin Durant versus the universe kind of ballgames. And, you know, if you got KD in a bunch of spots, which I do, I ain't all that upset about it. I ended up with a lot of Kevin Durant's this year. People were like, oh, no. He's always gonna miss time. Yeah. His stuff isn't really like the nagging injury type. He just gotta dodge that one weird one every year. If Booker misses a game, you can probably stream Eric Gordon, by the way, just to flip that out into the mix. I don't know if you wanna get out in front of that and pick up Eric Gordon. There's some droppable guys these days, but feel free. Scottie Barnes got going late. OG Anunoby was a little bit better in this ballgame. I'd still like to see him a bit more involved on offense. I mean, Precious Ochoa took as many shots as OG did in this game. But at least Anunoby had 3 steals, so it's a step in the right direction. Still think he's a buy low. Still think OG finds his way into the sixties as the year goes. So if you can buy for something, you know, 1 and a half, 2 rounds back of that, that would be the the way to do it. No other particularly strong thoughts on the Raptors after that ballgame. Memphis beat Utah Utah? Who's Utah? Utah, 10591. Walker Kessler, 9 and 8 with 6 blocks in 28 bench minutes. He's back, baby. You're good to go there. Larry Markkanen would probably be useful for this jazz team right now because, Simona Fonsecchio is starting, and he had dated for 3 pointers in this game, but that's sort of a big who cares. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. People were asking me what they should do with Omer Yurtsev, and that was very surprising. Nothing. He's a he should be best left alone. And then we probably need to go into a little more detail on Keontay George who look. As far as the roto side goes, he was more of a kinda luxury stash to see how this thing panned out because it looked like maybe he was gonna get a bunch of assists. You know, it hurts him when Markkanen is not in there because he doesn't have one of his best options to pass to. But, also, he's still a very young guy. So I think if you're if you're trying to figure out what to do with George after another bad ball game, you're head to head side. You're probably sitting on him, see where this thing develops. I think you could probably go find something better. Individual game, hot streamers, things of that nature, and I'm totally fine with that. Memphis. Faye. Jjj finally had a better ballgame. Came him up with 6 blocks. That's a nice little boost for him. He jumped about 12 rank slots with one decent ballgame yesterday. He's up to 2.4. Defensive stats now combined still needs to get that field goal percent up from 41. But you know what? We'll take the good where we can get it. The bigger stories on the Memphis side is that they rotated their starting lineup to get David Roddy and Derrick Rose in there. And, Derrick Rose in particular was extraordinarily effective. He was a plus twenty in this game. David Roddy hit a bunch of 3 pointers, but doesn't really do much else. And so you kinda look at his numbers, and you're like, well, what happens if he doesn't shoot 7 out of 11 from the field? And the answer is not a particularly juicy fantasy line. I don't know that you have to race out and grab any of these guys. Also, Bismarck Biambo continued to start at center. Santi Aldama moved to the bench, still ended up doing a decent amount. So I'm not dropping Aldama yet. I think I would consider Derrick Rose as a pickup with the very obvious caveat that he's not gonna his body's not gonna be able to withstand whatever punishment a starting job is gonna do. Like, this is a guy who can play 18, 20 minutes of ballgame max for a couple of weeks, and then he needs time off. So enjoy it, but I think even the grizzlies know that this is not a long term solution. He cannot possibly log 25, 26, 27 minutes at night. If you wanna run him out there tomorrow, they've got a back to back. He's probably gonna sit one of those, honestly. We don't know which of the halves he's gonna play. But if you wanna run him out there for whichever one he's in, have at it. Just know that, you know, this is more of like a roto spot play as opposed to head to head because he's not gonna play every ballgame. And the day you need most, he's probably gonna be hurt. Best move here is probably see what the hell happens in the next ball game. But if you really if you're feeling trigger happen, you wanna go do something, you probably play Derrick Rose in whichever of those 2 head to head or whichever of those 2 back to back games he's actually upright for. Philly was without Joel Embiid. I, unfortunately, was out of the house when that news came down, so I didn't get a chance to pick up Paul Reed who didn't do all that much. So I guess I feel less terrible about it, but still, Reed's a guy that, you wanna play when Embiid sits. The the good will outweigh the bad in those situations. Nick Batum got hurt mid ballgame. I think it was hand. What what finger. Sorry. The the screen tells me it's finger. I don't know if he's gonna miss another ballgame. He's Nick Batum. He's old as hell, which means you could probably pick up Rob Covington and just try to sort of stay in front of that thing. Kelly Oubre could also resurface here in the not too distant future. So whatever you're doing here, understand it's not for a particularly long time. But, generally, if you can squeeze a starter's minutes game out of Rob Covington, you do wanna do it. That's the only reason I bring it up is that when he gets 25 or more minutes, he can put up a seriously well rounded Fantasy line as you saw last night. Four threes, a steal, some rebounds. You gotta go back, like, 2 weeks to the last time he played normal starters minutes. And then that one, he had 16 points. No threes, oddly enough. Couple of steals, 6 rebounds. He's gets steals. He gets blocks. All that kind of stuff. But even if he starts, there's no guarantee he gets more than 21 minutes. So understand that the floor could be kind of not the prettiest thing in the universe, but he should be pretty available. He's only 6% rostered across Fantasy Leagues. So he's gonna be available in a lot of them. And, what, Philly plays yeah. They play tomorrow in Boston. They'll probably need him to play some defense. Just make sure you don't start him if Nick Batum is back or Kelly Oubre's back. All of those things would blow up a Rob Covington situation. So you got Eric Gordon and you got Rob Covington right now if you guys wanted to sort of step in front of it, or Derrick Rose. Lot of interesting will they, won't they guys that we won't have more information on for a little bit. CJ McCollum, what a fun little tidbit. It came back after only 3 and change weeks from a, partially compressed lung, which I realized probably sounds horrifying. It's actually when air gets into the space around the lung and creates pressure externally that deflates the lung. It is scary, but it's not typically life threatening. If they can sort of catch it and, you know, guys are getting nailed in the ribs, then these are things that they can usually find. So CJ seems to be fine. He played 28 minutes. Weird he was gonna be on minutes cap, but it's a pretty high one, your first game back. All streamers are donezo for New Orleans who by the way, they're gonna get a lot better now with CJ back. Herb Jones is in one of those lulls. You knew this was gonna happen after the insane start he had to the year. He's fine. Hold. Even if he falls off a bit, which we all knew he was going to and we talked about relentlessly on the show, you know, he wasn't gonna be a 2nd round pick all year. But now he's gonna go through a slow spell. The field goal percent is gonna come back to earth. The blocks are gonna come back to earth. He's gonna dip back down. But he's still right now, at least, while Trey Murphy's out, seems to profile as a guy that sits inside the top 100. And that's a startable guy even if it's a pretty big drop back from where he was. What happens when Trey Murphy comes back? I don't know. We'll deal with that. We'll cross that bridge when we get there. Freddie VanVleet missed this ballgame for Houston. Hopefully, it's a short term thing. Aaron Holiday got the start and didn't factor into the fantasy equation at all. So, basically, move on. No news for Houston. Denver had some news. Jamal Murray came back, played 22 minutes, and kinda tweaked a knee in this ballgame. It wasn't well reported, but shout out to, Mark Pereira. Let me see if I can make sure I get his name right. One of our longtime listeners, longtime Twitter followers, who was actually at the ballgame. I think he covers Utah a little bit, but he lives up in the mountains there. So he was there, and he said that at the end of the game, Jamal Murray was actually moving pretty gingerly. So that's something we should keep an eye on. Nothing in the reports about it yet, but just, you know, one eye on it. Justin Holliday continued to start for Aaron Gordon. He actually had a decent ballgame here, but you're not gonna play Justin Holliday unless you're in a relatively deep league. And then assuming Jamal Murray is okay, Reggie Jackson goes back to being pretty much an afterthought. And we continue final game from last night. Clippers caught the Kings in a maximum letdown mode. Those of you that watched our recap show yesterday, you heard me talk about the fact that this was the prototypical letdown game. The Kings had an overtime emotional 20 some odd point comeback win over the warriors to clinch a spot in the NBA Cup quarter finals, and then they had to host the Clippers who were coming off getting beat by the Nuggets without 2, 3, or 60% of their starters. And this one just had all the makings of a team that just wasn't gonna have their full attention. And sure enough, the Clippers came in. Harden got them off to a great start. Kawhi got cooking, and the Kings never really recovered from that. Although it was fun to see the old guys for the Clippers get going. And so this is an a kind of an interesting little moment too. James Harden right now is number 34 in 9 cat, and it doesn't really feel like he's done anything yet. In fact, he's averaging under 10 shots a game so far with the Clippers. You can't buy low after this one because Arden had a big ball game with 5 threes and 5 steals and 5 for 5 of the free throw line. Yahtzee and 6 assists. Obviously, you're not buying a lot after this one, but there probably will be games where you can buy low again with this team. I don't think this is just, like, the magical fix at all. The Kings defensively are very up and down. They've had some games where they get a crap ton of defense deflections and then other games where they're, like, nowhere to be found. And now the Clippers are on a back to back in Golden State, so the sort of the the Bay Area and adjacent properties back to back. They drive down 80 to the Bay. Are they gonna have a lot in their tank for this one? I don't know. Are they gonna play their guys, all of them for this one, and another back to back? Because, you know, Kawhi's played in the last few, but, you know, the last back to back was only a week ago. Did he have time to recover? Warriors defensively will probably be better tonight than the Kings were last night. All things to consider. Still, not complaining. Kawhi Leonard's big game pushed him up to number 21 on the year in 9 cat. Still think we're gonna see his free throw and field goal number trend upward, and then everything else will just sort of level off. And and, like, this is the magic of the top of the board this year. Kawhi is really not doing anything all that poorly this season. It's just that everybody else has been insane. And I still believe there are a handful of guys in front of Kawhi that are just gonna fall back, and that will move him up the board. But either way, you can't buy low after a giant ballgame. That's the rule. You just have to wait until they cool off a little bit. And, no, you're not picking up Terrence Mann. He's been super quiet before this one. As far as the Kings go, Darren Fox was the only player on the whole damn team who seemed like he was remotely engaged in this ballgame. Malik Monk got 28 minutes again. If he got 28 minutes every night, I'd be kind of excited about him, but he doesn't. And my only king's thought is, could you possibly buy low on Keegan Murray while he's out right now? Maybe. Meanwhile, Damada Sabonis is still ranked in the forties. Nobody's talking about the fact that Sabonis is having kind of a I don't wanna say a down year, but he's he's scoring a little bit less. And more than anything, his free throws have been an epic mess. You could probably buy low on Sabonis if anybody noticed. Doesn't feel like anybody noticed. Ah, well. Alright. So that's yesterday. Mostly the story of last night is the handful of guys you could sort of grab if you thought they were gonna get a start in the next one. So Eric Gordon, Rob Covington, Derrick Rose. I'm not as high on David Roddy, but David Roddy also kind of in the mix as we sort of scroll our way back up the board, make sure I'm not forgetting anybody. And then the boy on Bogdanovic stash in assuming that he is back here in the very near future. We have an extremely busy Thursday for the first time in a long time, and some of that's because, things are about to slide into this sort of in season tournament quieter, weird schedule of next week. All the teams are trying to mash in a bunch of games at the end of this one. But before we get into the Thursday look ahead, I wanna remind everybody, take a second to drop some questions in the chat room. I will get to those that I can. Right now, there aren't a ton of them, which is good. But, also, please like and subscribe. I know some of you are watching and you're thinking, I don't know if I wanna subscribe. That feels like a lot of work. Please do it. And if you're listening, please do it. It's critical. Mission critical stuff. I need you guys hitting those buttons. Hit the like button. There's, like, 70 of you watching here, and only, I think, 13 of you have actually hit the thumbs up. So please take a second. Hit that thumbs up. Make sure that I can see it happen, and then I'll I promise I'll keep talking about stuff that that's actually going on here. Hey. Wanna remind you guys, holiday season. Hanukkah is like a week away. Christmas is 3 and then change weeks away. Friends, get something at Manscaped and make your life super simple. Ethos 20. Ethos 20 is the coupon code. Get 20% off and free shipping on your order. Right now, my face, I haven't used Manscaped in the last little bit. Like, look at it. Look at this ugly mug. Let me make it bigger for you guys. Look at my neck right now. It's furry. This is terrible. After this pod, I'm actually gonna go shave using all MANSCAPED stuff. I'm gonna use the lawnmower 3 point o with an attachment to bring the beard in. I'm gonna use the handyman to get the cheeks. I'm gonna use the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra to take care of some neck stuff. And by tomorrow, I'm gonna be doing this show, and you guys will be like, oh my god. Look at that handsome devil. Or you might just be like, oh, hey. Dan's got less hair on his face. Either way, Manscaped has the best damn male grooming products on the Internet in the universe, however you wanna frame it. Ethos 202 0. 20% off and free shipping. Take care of your holiday stuff right this second. Don't worry about it later. Save your money. Get your presents. Knock them out. And you know what? You know what else I did yesterday? I trimmed my toenails with the MANSCAPED shears. This thing's awesome. We use this on every single person in our house now. It's a whole luxury nail kit, but that's just the clipper. Go do something at MANSCAPED. They'll keep sponsoring us, and I can keep getting cool stuff too. So, you know, selfishly, please. Okay. What do we got coming up tonight? Let's make it bigger for everybody that's watching. You guys can see this thing in gigantor mode. There it is. Portland is in Cleveland. The Blazers are sorta nothing. I mean, you guys can pay attention to Scoot on the day to day if you want, but we know how this arc is gonna go from watching a 1000000000 rookies over history. Cavs, nothing. Charlotte, we know LaMelo's out for a little bit now. I I have to admit, I I really thought Gordon Hayward was gonna do more. I'm giving him a week, as I said, a couple days ago. Other than that, I don't think you have to think about too much with Charlotte. You can roll Brandon Miller because he's been hot lately. I don't know if you have to, but you could. Brooklyn. Cam Thomas, I believe is back for this ball game. Oh, hey. And oh, more. Hey. More breaking news in the middle of the show. Oh my god. There's breaking news everywhere. Anthony Edwards was not present at shoot around, so he is doubtful for Minnesota's game. Holy moly. Cam Thomas says he will play tonight. Jeez. Trey Murphy could be back as soon as tomorrow. Nick Batum and Kelly Oubre were both full participants at Sixers practice. Holy crap. There's a lot of news happening right now. Okay. So quickly on the news before we get back into talking about the nets, because the Cam Thomas one is relevant. If Trey Murphy's getting close to making his debut, make sure he's stashed just to see how that whole thing shakes out. If Kelly Oubre and Nick Patoom were both full participants in practice, you don't need to worry about picking up Rob Covington. That's definitely off the table now. And you definitely don't need to worry about picking up Nick Patoom because Oubre is gonna be the guy once he gets fully healthy. And then if Anthony Edwards is out, it will be interesting to see who steps in and takes his job. It sounds like Troy Brown junior in the reporting is gonna be the starter, but that really doesn't mean he puts up numbers. I'd be more inclined to think that either Nikhil Alexander Walker gets enough shots now to be relevant or Kyle Anderson comes in and does a little bit more orchestrating. So something along those lines will be a part of it. So, good news all the way around with a bunch of guys likely coming back and then not great news on the, Anthony Edwards front. But as far as Brooklyn goes, I'd be worried if I was rolling Spencer Dinwiddie lately. He's been super hot, but Cam Thomas is gonna come in there, and he's gonna take a bunch of the shots away. Probably does put a dent into Cam Johnson as well, which is a shame because he was just getting super fired up, but I'm not worried about these guys. I'm not worried about Cam Johnson. I'm a little worried about Dinwiddie. Cam Thomas, you could probably give him a game to get his legs underneath him. I don't know that you necessarily have to start him this first game back, but, that's good news certainly on that front. Detroit, let's see what happens on the boy on front. We talked about that. For the Knicks, let's see if the Josh Hart complaining actually has any lasting impact. This game also screams blowout, so we'll see. Knicks favored by 14 and a half. Yucky. But, anyway, I was just ready to quit Josh Hart, and then he had 29 good fantasy minutes in their last ballgame. Indiana's sort of a big I don't care these days. They it looks like they're settled back in. Although, I I did get some questions about what to do with Buddy Heald after one slightly lower minute game. He's a hold as a starter. There's no question on that. The heat, we need the injury report. They're one of the teams where we haven't had any injury news so far today. But, presumably, we'll find out later on if Jimmy Butler is in. If he is, you gotta rethink a lot of your streamers. When he and Bam were both playing, Duncan Robinson was the guy who was still putting up numbers. Since Butler went out, you saw what much more out of Kyle Lowry and Jaimee Haquez and Josh Richardson who definitely turns into a no if Butler's back. Haquez and Lowry are maybes. Probably, they you know, long term, if if that was the lineup and Tyler Herro never came back, which he will, but let's just sort of hypothetically say, what if Herro never comes back? What would that mean Lowry and Haquez were in a universe where it's Butler, Bam, and Robinson all in? Those guys would probably be borderline startable. Probably a yes, but iffy. But, again, we gotta find out. We gotta wait. We don't know who's playing yet. Lakers, kind of a tough back to back, although they did get to rest most of their guys late. We've seen the lakers have not fared great on the second half of back to backs. And, honestly, it feels like a lot of teams have kinda struggled with the back to back, and I I don't know if that energy is just higher expenditures or whatever. But this profiles has an awful matchup for LA. They got nobody they're gonna put Cam Reddish on, they'll put him on Shea, but, like, without Jared Vanderbilt, that would have been a guy they would have used. Without Ruiz, they need that strength. I I have no idea how the Lakers handle this ballgame, but we'll see. We'll see. Nobody on the streaming side that I would consider. Oklahoma City, you know, I did in one league. I grabbed Isaiah Joe just on this idea that I don't know what's gonna happen with Josh Giddey, but it feels like he's probably gonna have to take some games off here in the not too distant future. Although, I guess, maybe the this investigation results in a whole lot of nothing, and then maybe he plays through it. But I did pick up Isaiah Joe in 1 or 2 spots just to feel it out. Also, this all this really does feel like the game where Jalen Williams wakes up for the Thunder. I mean, really, what's gonna get you going other than playing Braun? If you wanna buy low, this may be the time to do it. Hawks, I think we know what to do with Jalen Johnson out a while. Spurs, I haven't heard anything on Jeremy Soehan in a little bit. If he misses a game and Trae Jones gets to start, I think I would think I would play him. The Bucks. Do we play another Malik Beasley stream? I guess. He hasn't cooled off yet. Bobby Portis has been disappointing lately. I don't talk too much about Portis. I thought he was gonna be better, and it seems like he's tapered off even with Jae Crowder out. He's more of a head to head kinda guy. Doesn't really fill it up on the side, so, you know, do with that as you will. Chicago, you've got basically all of the regulars questionable for this game, which feels like someone has lit the fuse on the TNT, and they're just waiting to see if they need to kinda wet it and pinch it out. We'll see. If everybody's out, you better jam Kobe White into your lineup. Probably Patrick Williams too, but stay tuned. See who's play who's in, who's out. Caruso's questionable. DeRozan's questionable. LaVine is questionable. I think Vooch is the only regular who feels like he's gonna play. And I think it's I may be getting yeah. I'm not even gonna talk about the contract stuff because I get that wrong, but I know they signed him to that 3 year deal. Does that mean that they have to wait to trade him? I think it might. So perhaps perhaps that's at play here. And then we got a report from Yohan Buah who covers the lakers saying that they're not interested in LaVine. They're actually interested in DeMar and bringing Caruso back. So all these guys are starting to get in the mix, and it's just getting worse and worse in Chicago, which means it's definitely stash time now because the smoke is getting thicker. The flames are starting to emerge. It's getting hotter around the Bulls. Jazz, we, believe Markkanen's still out. I believe he was listed out for a couple of ball games, I think, 2 games back, so you'll probably get a little bit of a repeat of what they've done the last few. They're gonna need a lot of Walker Kessler here to deal with the Minnesota front court, but then we just talked about Anthony Edwards possibly being out. So could there be some sort of drop in to use for the wolves? Yeah. I mean, Nikhil Alexander Walker in a points league probably deserves a look, if Anthony Edwards and Jaden McDaniels are both out, and it seems like they probably are. Like, he it feels like he's just gonna have to take 3 or 4 more shots. Don't you think? I kinda think. Could be wrong. Maybe that doesn't make him roto friendly, but it feels head to head friendly. We talked Clippers already. Norman Powell is off the radar, and then the warriors. Andrew Wiggins woke up in that last ball game. He he got aggressive. He was attacking folks. I I don't know if we see it again. Again, I, like, I picked him up in one league where he got dropped because, I mean, I would have dropped him. So I don't blame the team that did. I just thought you guys could check your waiver wires to see if somebody got impatient there too. So make sure the warriors' wings that are off to terrible starts are, are on rosters. Chris Paul, by the way, his injury was listed as a nerve issue, and then Woach came out and was like, no. No. It's it's they consider him day to day, which took a big weight off my shoulders. Because when I heard nerve, I was like, oh god. No. This is gonna be 2 months. And they were like, oh, yeah. They think he's gonna be back pretty soon. So whatever that means, maybe it's the kind of crap I got going on in my hip, which old man, me and CP 3 dude, we're only, like, 2 years apart, so I'm I'm older. I shouldn't say I'd feel your pain, Chris Paul. You feel my pain. I'm older than you. Aw. Sad face. I'm older than everybody in the NBA now. Come back, you Donut Haslam. You were the only one. Abba Zaba, you my only friend. Anyway, Chris Paul should be back relatively soon. He was a little bit of a sell high with Draymond coming back. Now you can't do it because he's hurt. So it is what it is, what it is, what it is. So that's what's going on tonight. Let's do a few questions before we wrap up today's show, and I'll try to go in chronological order. And it looks like there's about 20, so maybe I could lightning my way through these. Let's see. Hey. You better be hitting the like button if I'm answering your damn question. I'll be pretty upset if I'm answering your questions and you didn't hit the thumbs up on the show. That's not cool, man. You could subscribe too. That would also be nice neat nice of you. This person's name is Hello. Alright, uncle Leo. What do you got? Which side are you taking? Edwards, Fox, and Clarkson, or Siakam Turner and Mitchell? Oh, crapinski, dude. This is a big team turnover. Alright. So Donovan Mitchell is your best per game guy in that mix. Clarkson is kind of your throwaway guy in that mix, because he scores, but he's actually killing your team in more categories than he's helping. Edwards and Fox, in my opinion, are both guys that are gonna end up somewhere between 2040. Siakam, I don't know what the hell he ends up being, but you'd be better than he's been so far this year. Siakam's been outside the top 100 mostly because his, percentages are kinda weighing things down, but he's averaging 27 and 5. Something's gonna improve for him. My hope is that it's the field goal or steals, but I have the I have more faith in him improving than, say, Jordan Clarkson. Myles Turner, he's in the thirties. Donovan Mitchell is, up at the top. Yeah. Give me the give me the Donovan Mitchell side. I like Edwards and Fox, but I think Donovan Mitchell and Miles Turner are at least equal to those guys, and then Siakam is way better than Clarkson. Is Funtekio a grab? No. No. No. He's not. Points league. I traded Bane, Grant, and Jared Allen for JB Jaylen Brown, Jaylen Duran, and OG Anunoby, and Draymond Green. Oh, man. Oh, wow. We're doing all the giant trades this morning, aren't we? Yeah. You got depth, but I think I'm I think I prefer getting the 3 I think I prefer getting the 3 guys because Jared Allen could still improve over his numbers as well. Desmond Bane maybe comes down a tiny bit obviously with with Ja. Jalen Duran got that hot start. OG could work his way up the board a little. I think I might still prefer the first side, but it's not like it's super lopsided here. What's your take on Bulls players in this busy week besides LaVine and DeRozan? Is it okay to play Vooch in a weekly head to head or sit him? Yeah. I think I play Vooch. We haven't really heard about anything about him taking games off. So I play Vooch. You play Kobe White because all these guys taking games off, he'll do a bunch. I don't know that I'd go as far as playing Patrick Williams, but he's not totally off the board. 10 teamer. I need to drop a player to for Trey Murphy. Who should I drop? Austin Reeves, Zach Collins, John Collins, or Jabari Smith? It's probably Zach Collins, unfortunately. I like what he's done from sort of an across the board production style, but he's outside the top 100 because he hasn't been awesome in any one thing. John Collins would be probably the next one on that board because he's not all that far in front, but he's a little bit in front. And he doesn't hurt you in as many things as Zach Collins has. I also don't know that Trey Murphy's gonna be a 10 teamer. Because with the Pels healthy, there's not a lot of wiggle room that he had last year. Can you recommend and elaborate a bit on streamers for the amazing New Orleans Friday, Saturday, Monday? The problem is that New Orleans doesn't really have any streamers now that CJ McCollum's back. Sorry, guys. Especially if Trey Murphy pops up. You kinda screwed there. Sorry. Who do I drop? Jaime Aykaz or Duncan Robinson? Probably, Haquez. Rest of season question. What are your thoughts on players on tanking teams versus players on contending teams? Guys like Jaylen Durham, Mark Williams, Victor Wabanjama. How does losing so much affect these guys if at all? Well, my hope is that you guys are playing roto with a game's cap. So if they sit out the last 2 weeks, it's not that big of a deal, or you're playing in a head to head league where your playoffs are over before the final 2 or 3 weeks. So it also wouldn't be that big of a deal. That is my hope. If you are stuck, however, in a league where the commissioner or Yahoo Public refuses to end it soon enough on the head to head side or impose a game's cap on the side, yeah, you probably need to be a tiny bit concerned. But one of the good notes is it's not like Jalen Dern is a veteran that needs to take the end of the season off, neither is Mark Williams, and certainly not Victor Wembanyama. I think I'd be more worried that these guys just get miscellaneous days off in the middle of the year, and they'll add up a little bit. But overall, it's not really something you can do about it, so ride it out. Here's another oh, it's the same question again. Someone says his backup is better. I'm not actually sure who that's in relation to, to some question that was up above, but I'm not really sure. Unless it's about me, is my backup better? I don't have a backup. Who does this show when I'm not here? I should get a backup. John Collins' side or Brogden and Siakam? Wait. Oh, John Collins and the Brogden or Siakam? You probably go Pascal and hope that he turns it around. How do we evaluate Max Struss as of now? Isn't top 35 rim just too much? Yeah. He's not a top 35 guy. Max Struss is number 57 per game in 9 cat. I don't know that he stays inside the top 60. I've been really excited about what he's done so far this year. He sure feels like a full season dude, but, yeah, no. Not no. Not top 35. I love Max Trues, but that's too high. Is Keontae George a 10 teamer? No. In In fact, I don't know that he gets inside the top 100 on a consistent basis in any format, but if he does, it'd be real close to the end of the year. And the only way you could consider holding him that whole time is if it's head to head and, like, you just need his stats. But, I, like, I don't I don't think I can sit on him for long enough for it to matter. Boyan or Trey Murphy? Yeah. You know, the funny thing is they might not be all that dissimilar. Trey Murphy's gonna be, better defensively. Boyan is gonna probably score more. I think I'd rather have Bogdanovic because last year, we saw Trey Murphy get loose, but Brandon Ingram was out. Zayn was out, and CJ missed some time. I just I don't have the same high hopes for Trey this year, especially not everybody's back. I thought maybe he'd beat McCollum back and have a little wiggle room, but, like, they've got a really good starting 5. He's likely gonna be the bench gunner. And so how much is there is a reasonable question. I'm hoping there's enough because I have him in my IL on a couple of Yahoo public leagues where you have 3 IL slots, but I I honestly don't know. And I'd rather probably have boy on, mostly based on the fact that the Pistons are terrible. They need him, and the Pels are currently healthy. Would you rather have Steph Curry or De'Aaron Fox? Steph. What's the board in the back for? Hey, dude. So you must be relatively new, and this is fun. I like to tell this story once every month or something. This board behind me, and you can see the f j fantasy logo in the corner. They were kind enough, and you can also see the year. Right over here, it says live industry mock draft 2020 hosted by Dan Vespers. That's me. You guys might remember 2020 was a very unpopular year for being alive, because it was a pandemic. And so, the NBA season ended, restarted. We had a bubble. The playoffs ended in, like, October, November, and then the season started again 7 weeks later. So I thought it'd be fun because everybody was doing everything on Zoom to do our my annual industry 9 cat mock draft on Zoom with all the other industry guys. Because what the hell are we all doing? We're all sitting at home with our kids screaming in the next room. Screw it. Anyway, the guys from FJ Fantasy were kind enough. They do these big boards if you ever wanna buy one and have a, you know, a draft party. They're very cool guys over there at out of Cleveland, I think, somewhere in Ohio. They were on the Zoom call. And as the industry folks were making the picks behind me, they were slamming stickers on the board. They were in one of the windows. It was kinda hard to see, you know, was all put together kinda last minute by me. You guys know I'm somewhat low tech when it comes to the video side. But when it ended, I realized that they had this board sitting in their warehouse of all of our picks, and I was like, look. How much, like, how much would that cost to ship it to LA? And they were like, 30, $40. I was like, here. Take my $30, or they might have even done it on the house. I don't remember. They're very nice guys. And they sent it to me. And at the moment, I was like, well, this is a fun toy to have. Nice member nice keepsake from a terrible year. And then I realized that my bed frame, which is right on the other side of this, has a slot down below right here, and I jammed them into it. And that's how I do my show every day. This big draft board behind me blocks a very messy bedroom because I live in a 2 bedroom, 2 bath apartment in West Los Angeles because things are very expensive in LA. I don't know if you guys know that. Los Angeles is kinda pricey. We can't afford to go somewhere bigger. The kids' bedroom that they share was my office 7 years ago. It's not anymore, and it'll never be again. My office became the corner of this room. I don't know if you guys remember when I used to do shows with Bruschi, the background was just my bed. I was like, I don't know. I don't know a place to do a show. There are people in fantasy leagues that were renaming their teams Dan Vesper's unmade bed. It was absolutely hilarious, but then I realized, like, if we're gonna put this stuff on YouTube, I can't do that. I need a background of some kind. Voila. There's your story. I got offered Mark Williams and DeMar DeRozan for Walker Kessler and OG Anunoby. Should I do it? It's pretty fair. I think Kessler is a little better than Mark Williams. I think DeRozan's a little better than OG. Pretty fair trade. Is Trey Murphy a better stash than Ben Simmons? Yes. Because Trey Murphy is probably back this week, and Ben Simmons is I don't wanna be the most pessimistic person on Earth, but I don't know that he's playing again this year. And if he does, it's probably like last year where he plays 3 games and then realizes it's not better. Who has the best upside in a 10 team points league? So really just a points league. Cam Johnson, Miles Bridges, or Bojan Bogdanovic? Unfortunately, it's Miles Bridges, and then Cam and then Bojan. 9 cat 9 cat roto games cap. Who to drop to activate Jaylen Williams? Keontae George or Santi Aldama? Probably Aldama. Really, you could go either way. I'm not sure either of those guys is a is a 9 cat roto dude right now. Who's your better streamer for tonight? White? Is that Kobe White or Kyle Lowry? Well, if everybody on the Bulls is out, it's Kobe White. But if, a lot of the Bulls are back, then it's then it's Lowry. Is it time to trade? Well so it depends a lot on what you could get for him. I'm I think the answer is probably no, because he's number 32. Unless you could get, like, someone inside the top 25, I don't think I would do it. Should I trade Porzingis or jjj for demonos? Sure. Either one of those is fine, actually, in my eyes. I'm good. Are we expecting Lawrie Markkanen back soon? The hammy stuff, it can linger a little bit. He got ruled out for 2 games at a time. I think he's gonna get reevaluated this weekend. I'm expecting him back next week. You got the 2 game week, though, so it's possible they might just be like, ah, what does it hurt us to rest him for 1 more? So maybe maybe set your mind to, like, December 13th. And if he comes back sooner, call call it lucky. Which side is better in a points league? Trae Young, Cam Johnson, Walker, Kessler, or Kyrie, Bogey, and Jalen Duran? It's probably the first one. Roto, do you think it's too much if I offer Paul George, Darius Garland, and Jamal Murray for Nikola Jokic? Uh-huh. Yeah. I mean, unfortunately, that probably just blows too many holes in your team. Technically, on just, like, sheer value, that's fine. But I don't know that you can afford to give away your, like, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th round picks for a first. It might be too much to replace. Technically, it's fair, but I don't know. Should I look to trade anyone? Here's my roster. This one's kinda tough, Jazz. Let's see. Curry Booker, Kyrie Levine, Beal, LeBron, Butler, Olenek. Wow. You got a lot of top dudes on that one. Wagner, Cam Thomas, Kobe White, Manuel Quickley, Harrison Barnes, top loaded. I I think LeBron was the guy I had on my sell list. I think he's a guy that trends down. He's, you know, basically, like, a career low in usage right now, but his stuff is being floated by exorbitant field goal percent, and very high steals and blocks. I I think some of that stuff comes for down for Braun. So if you can get a, top 25 guy for Braun, that's probably the guy I try to move on your team. I thought you were a dodger fan, Dan. What's with the Kansas City royals hat? My kid was on the royals. That was his little league team. So I'm gonna every time his seasons end, I get to rotate a new hat onto my wall o hats, which is up here. There's not that many of them. MJ or LeBron? Oh, we're not talking fantasy right now. I mean, it it probably has to be Jordan. Although, what LeBron is currently doing is maybe the most impressive thing I've ever done because he's almost as old as me, and, you know, I need Tylenol to deal with a sinus headache most of the time, and LeBron is doing this. So who who who's gonna have the most impressive overall career? It's probably LeBron. But who is the greatest single player or who had, like, the greatest single seasons and greatest single run? That's gotta be MJ. Because what he did for the in his prime, is untouchable. He just beat everyone constantly. There was no hole in his armor ever. That's crazy. And LeBron, for as unbelievable as he is, like, there are times when people beat him. But his overall body of work, it probably puts LeBron in front. Like, because how do you not look at the whole thing? MJ retired twice. LeBron didn't. That's the difference. What's a cutoff for 10 team for you? Top 100, top 90? Yeah. Probably 90. Cool show. Thanks, bud. Found out what a basketball was 5 weeks ago, completely new. Now 5 and o, and people complain that I stream too much. What to tell them? Legalized 6 to 7 ad drops depending on week length. You tell them stream too, you jerks. Not your fault they allow 6 to 7 moves a week. You're doing it right. They should be listening to my pod. Jaylen Johnson or Chris Paul? Well, depends on your team. I mean, if you can withstand a 4 week Jaylen Johnson absence, then it's Jaylen Johnson. If you can't, it's Chris Paul because it sounds like he's back pretty soon. Let's see here. You guys the questions came rolling in late. You guys are now posting questions as I answer them. Who's the ad between Bogdanovich and Trey Murphy? Points league. Yeah. I'll go boy on. What should I expect for Azar Thompson? I think he probably bottoms out outside the top 100 and then comes rebounding back. So this is a sell moment. And then when he bottoms out, it's a buy it back, if that makes any sense. Are you worried at all about Trey Murphy's well due to Jordan Hawkins? No. I'm worried about his role because everybody else is healthy. Dan, do you think Keontae George is gonna be top 100? No. Not soon, at least. Is John Collins a 9 cat roto games cap guy? Yeah. He's probably around top 100. I'll say yes. Was offered Dame for Booker in a points league. Should I go for it? Yeah. I think I'd go Dame. I don't think it's that far apart, but I think I'd go Dame. Thanks for the daily content, brother. Shout out FJ fantasy sports. Yeah. Oh, yeah. There you go. Been getting the, the draft board for the last 3 years and never going back. There you go. So he knows FJ. Is Shay overtaking Jokic as the number one player this year? Maybe. I actually thought Joel Embiid had a chance to overtake him this year, and he does. Joel's right behind Jokic right now. But Shay is way out in front. I don't know that his 2 and a half steals per game last all season, but, Shay's been ridiculous. It's possible. This is sort of the post championship year. What will be hero's possible ceiling when he gets back from injury? He's at his ceiling right now, by the way. Tell your hero is number 42 before he went down there. In a way, you're getting higher than that. Steel's probably come down. Percentages probably level off a little bit. I think ceiling is probably 50 to 60 range for hero, although, again, right now. Scottie Barnes for Larry Markkanen. Is that fair? Yeah. Either side's cool. Would you trade Scottie Barnes for Dimonas Sabonis in a category league? No. I think you can do better right now. Can Caruso be top 100 in roto when the bulls blow it up? Kinda depends where he goes if he's part of the guys who go. The answer is yes, but I have no idea where he ends up. We cross the 1 hour mark. We done so. Oh, do you have a favorite player in basketball, Dan? Holy crap. So, the answer is not really. Playing fantasy sports for this long has made me kind of not attached to anyone. My favorite guys are often the guys who provide me the best value. Like, Brook Lopez has many times lately been my favorite fantasy player. Chris Paul's been my like, not the guys that you talk about. So, unfortunately, my love of basketball is strongly influenced by my love of fantasy sports. You guys know I'm a Laker fan, so I'm gonna generally cheer for the dudes on that team. I find Anthony Davis' playoff playoff Anthony Davis is one of the most fun things I've watched in a while. Like, what he did to teams to completely blow up everybody's offensive game plan until they had to deal with Jokic was amazing. I found that amazing. But, like, day to day, I don't have a favorite player. Play too many fantasy sports. Good question, though. Alright. We out. We crossed the 1 hour mark. Oh, can Jocas can Haquez hold his fantasy value? Once they're fully healthy, probably not. Tyler Herro is the kinda rate limiting step there. Okay. Now we're done. Right. Like, try that again, Dan. Rate, like, subscribe on your way out. Much appreciated. Thanks for watching, everybody. We'll back with you tomorrow. Big weekend review show. I know those are a big hit. I'll see you guys over on social at Dan Bespres. Peace.