Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. To finish my coughing fit before I could start the podcast because I'm eventually going to die from this cough. I feel pretty confident in that at this point. Good Good Tuesday to you all. I my voice is coming back. It's getting there. I don't know. Maybe I'm a little, a little hypercritical of myself on that front. Most of you guys are probably listening and thinking, he sounds fine, but I don't think so. I I could hear my voice crack a couple times during yesterday's show, which is just incredibly embarrassing because puberty is hard to deal with. Come hang with us in Discord, by the way. I think I'm gonna finally get a, a live Discord q and a going today because, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do, like, an hour and 5 minute show today and do all the questions and so forth. I really gotta get my voice to come back all the way. And at some point, I'm gonna have to just take my foot off the the throttle here because, you know, I did a show on Saturday. I had 4 basketball games that I broadcast last week. The kids' birthday stuff, so you're, like, constantly yelling at both grown ups and children alike. At some point, I gotta just rest my voice a little bit, But I don't want to. And so it's just gonna continue to sound terrible forever. Anyhoo, welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. I'm Dan Vaspris. Thanks as always for hanging out with us. I got, I think, all of the stuff I wanted to get out on the socials before we went on air today. So, we got the the look ahead for tonight, which is a big one. 10 game Tuesday, yesterday, just a 4 game Monday. Not a lot of stuff that that sort of broke the bank on yesterday's card, but a couple of things. And we'll go through that, and and then we'll kinda check the time, see what's going on. Chatroom is open for those that are watching live with us here. I would anybody to use that if you have a question. If we have time, we'll try to get to it. My computer just made a very loud noise. That's distressing. I don't know. Something feels different about today's podcast is is I I can't put my I can't quite put my finger on it, but maybe we'll figure it out as we go. I just I feel something feels weird today. Ah, well. I guess the only way to get through the weird is to just start talking about fantasy basketball. That makes sense. Right? Let's, let's get things cooking here. Boston beat New York 114 to 98. That's the way we get the party started. This ballgame was actually closer than this for most of it. Knicks were tight until, like, early 4th quarter. So that's why you saw kinda normal starters minutes for Julius Randle played 38, Jalen Brunson in 39, Josh Hart played 43 minutes in this ballgame, which is notable, but also, like, sort of the opposite of notable because RJ Barrett was out with a migraine. So Hart stepped into his starting spot and had a really nice fantasy line. That's that's what Josh Hart does. If he plays 30 minutes, he posts fantasy stats. 16 points, 3 threes, 9 rebounds, 3 assists, 1 steal. But what we still don't know about the Knicks is and and we've had, like, one game out of their last 5 or 6 where RJ Barrett has both been healthy and the game has been competitive. And so I just still have no idea if Josh Hart is gonna play 30 minutes off the bench when the Knicks have a competitive game and RJ Barrett is healthy. I think in the one game where those two things were the case, Josh Hart did did play 30 minutes. But every other game, it's been either a blowout, so Hart didn't get to 30 minutes. And I don't know if that was the reason why, honestly. But he does tend to close games, so he wouldn't get the last few minutes. Or RJ Barrett's been out, and Josh got the start. And then he played big minutes, and we didn't have to even think about anything. So my take on this is Hart, you kinda have to hold for now. It might not be a long term thing. I didn't even think it would be this long, but because of this run for the Knicks of noncompetitive or non games, it has ended up taking longer to figure out what the hell Josh Hart's gonna be this year than I expected it would. I mean, we're 3 weeks in, and we still sorta don't know. Also, notable, Immanuel Quickley, quieter game. He's kinda alternating good games and bad games, which in my mind makes him a head to head guy you could probably play, but I would not use him on 12, 12 team roto, 9 cat because there are too many negatives that outweigh the few positives. Where on the head to head side, if there's something that you're punting that he's not good at, then he very easily makes the cut for someone you could use. That's the difference really between the two formats in my eyes. In addition to the whole, like, injuries don't hurt you as much in roto, in terms of guys you're playing, you know, quickly is an easy one. Like, if you if you're punting blocks, his value goes up. If you're punting steals, his value goes up. If you're punting field goal percent, his value goes up. All these little things that you can tweak on the head to head side that don't really creep in the same way with Roto. Roto, you're generally attacking 8 or 9 Oftentimes at this point in the year, I'm attacking all 9 categories and just kinda seeing how it's going. Head to head, perhaps not so much. So quickly to me doesn't make sense in roto and makes sense in some head to head builds, not so much in others. On the Boston side, basically nothing. We've seen Derrick White cool off a little bit after his torrid start. He was a top 25 guy after the 1st week and a half. Now he's at about top 50 because, not surprisingly, the scoring has come down. We knew that wasn't gonna hold all season long, not with the amount of guys they've got there. But he's still averaging 2 threes, a steal, and a block. So four of what, Brew calls cash counters, the counting stats that are really cash in because they're the low volume ones where each one is really critical. He's he's I mean, he's settling back probably towards where he was gonna be, so I I don't think we should be too surprised. Sam Houser's been on a ridiculous 3 point tear. He's hit, like, 65% of his threes over the last 5 or 6 ball games. I forget the exact number on Houser. But right now, he's a very good threes streamer because he's averaging basically 3 a ballgame. And after a a slow start to the year where he hit 0, 1, and 2, he's gone 5, 1, 3, 3, 5, 4, 4, and he's shot under 50% during that stretch one time. It was the game actually where he hit 3 3 pointers. It was not the one where he hit 1. His minutes, I don't think, were ever gonna be high enough for it to really count. And you know he's not gonna shoot 60% from downtown all year. So, no, the answer is, like, should I start this guy daily? No. You shouldn't. And unless somebody gets hurt, like, if Jaylen Brown or Jayson Tatum goes down, then you start to think about, alright. Maybe there's enough there for him because Boston's going a pretty tight rotation this year. They only played 8 guys yesterday. Then if he could, you know, creep up into that, like, 26 minutes per ball game, you'd say, oh, well, now I'm getting reliably 3 plus 3 pointers. I don't have to worry as much about the sort of random fluctuations. Also, if he gets cold, this is just something to sort of file in the back of your brain for later. You don't have to worry about it right this second unless you're at a tight threes battle and you wanted to throw Boston players at your problem. Wizards, an absolute tank job yesterday. They led this ball game by a dozen points with about 4 minutes to go, and they got outscored 16 to nothing down the stretch. And it was a total throwaway because the Wizards just didn't put the guys back in the ball game that had built the lead. Tyus Jones didn't get bonus run. He was having a really nice game, actually. But, 31 minutes for him, they decided to just go ahead and let Jordan Poole continue to chuck away. Kyle Kuzma is very much a sell high. Someone was asking me why Kuzma is a sell high, and it's because he's shooting 49% right now on 20 shots of all game. If that number starts to teeter, the whole thing goes right down the toilet. And, historically, he's been a lower field goal percent guy and free throw percent. His numbers are just higher than you'd expect. Now do I think he'll be better than he was last year? Yeah. By a little bit, because he'll be doing more this season. And he's another guy where head to head makes more sense than Roto, but Roto, he's an easy sell high. And he's already down to number 83. So the the shine's coming off a little bit. But after a 34.9, you could probably get something for him. I think if you can get top 80 back for Kuzma, I would do it. Maybe you could even aim a little bit higher because he's scoring a lot of points. Jordan Poole, I mean, at least he had 4 defensive stats in this ballgame, so that pushed his season mark back up to number 100 and 64. But he's not even making his free throws right now. And he's acting out in the huddle, and his turnovers are high. His assists are not. I mean, he had 6 yesterday, which is better, but 4 turnovers, that's just a 1a half to 1 assist to turnover ratio. At least he got 16 shots up, so that's something. But they left all these guys in the ballgame that were just getting roasted by Toronto down the stretch, and they didn't put the guys back in that were that were dunking in this game. Denny Avdia should have played more. Tyus Jones should have played more. Daniel Gafford really should have played more. Gafford and Tyus Jones were the only regulars that had a plus positive plus minus in this game by the end. Why do we think that is? Well, because they weren't there when Toronto was going on a crazy run. Was she was just like, whatever. By the way, let's talk about. And I looked it up, and I listened to it, and I checked myself about 15 times on this. And I had it right yesterday. Pronunciation guide, Vesperis. And, shout out to Josh Lloyd, who hit me up via DM. He probably doesn't want me to talk about this, but I don't care. Maybe he doesn't care either. So Josh hit me up by by DM after the show. It was just like, you had it right. I was like, okay. Yeah. Because, like, I googled it, and I triple checked myself. And the issue is that his last name is getting Americanized, which tends to happen. So a lot of people are calling Koolabali, which is not the French pronunciation. That's more of an American thing. Is how we do it here in the States. But in the Wizards media guide, the accent actually is on the last syllable, believe it or not. So it actually. Bilal is the correct pronunciation of his last name. Now that's impossible to say a bunch of times on a podcast, so we're just gonna call him Cooley. You wanna really Americanize it? That's Cooley. That's my guy Cooley. And people are giving me a hard time. I call them a speculative ad after the weekend, which apparently was not enough, juice. I mean, the word ad is right there in it. I know I said speculative, but, basically, that was just my way of saying I'm not sure that this sticks throughout the entire season. He's a good steals guy. We know that about Cooley. I'm I'm not I'm I'm serious. I'm gonna call him Cooley, and it's gonna drive people insane. And and that's kind of half the point, because, again, is gonna be kinda hard to say a bunch of times. But first of all, he missed his free throws. The rebounds were good. I don't think the scoring's gonna be all that much. I just I think we're getting wrapped up in this idea that he can average, like, 3 steals a game, which just doesn't happen. His steal rate is going to be very good. I think we can safely say that. He has 7 in his last 2 ball games where he's played, like, starters y minutes. And then earlier this season, he had a few games where he played starters y minutes. He had 1 steal and then 3 steals and then 0. And that's just the thing. Like, what happening one time, we get sort of lost, I think, in the clouds about what could be. And that's why I said speculative because I'm not convinced that he's gonna be able to do enough nightly on this team to warrant a roster spot. Now you guys know I love steals. I mean, it's why I was into Delon Wright who's gonna be out for a little bit, and that's part of the reason why Cooley is getting a little bit more playing time these last two ball games. It's not coincidence Delon Wright goes down. Gets more playing time. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Okay. Fine. Let's we can even ignore that for a minute if you guys want. 20 points, the last ball game. How often do you think he's gonna hit the 20 point barrier this year? 3, 4 times, maybe the whole season? 10 feels more attainable. That's what he got in each of the 2 games around the 20. But that's just the thing. Like, if we want Delon Wright, that's probably our target, but I don't know that this kid can shoot free throws. He's at 53% so far. He's shooting 50% from the field and 44% from downtown, which I don't know. I mean, I'm gonna go ahead and just take a a wild stab in the dark and say 44% from downtown probably also doesn't hold. There's kind of a magic of small sample size things going on here where he's I think yeah. I've joked the numbers right. I think he's 9 for his last 15 from 3 point land. And because he just hasn't taken that many, that's weighing heavily on the overall numbers. So I get it. There is an appeal because the defensive stats could be really interesting. He's averaging almost 2 a game in about 25 minutes per ball game. Maybe that holds all year. Maybe he really does hold close to 2 defensive stats per ball game. Is there gonna be enough of the other stuff to get him over the hump? Maybe. But I really don't think it's nearly as locked in stone as some of the folks on Twitter are yelling at me about. Dan, you need to be yelling about you need to be yelling a lot about Bilal. You need to be louder. I actually don't think I need to be louder. I think I'm exactly the right loudness quotient on this because I think there's a chance that it works. I like defensive stats. You guys know that about me. I'm a punt points guy in a lot of ways, and so he could fit in a build like that. But do I think he's gonna be inside the top 109 cap because of 2 good ball games with Delon right out? I think we're making a little bit of a leap there. So that sounded like I was sort of talking down on the whole situation. No. I'm just explaining why I had the word speculative in front of it because I don't think it's guaranteed. Some of these times, like, look. I think I we can start this guy, like, today, and then I want and that's not a place where I'm gonna put spec that's an ad and start. Coolie. I don't know. I think there's a there there needs to be a little bit of a of a slight hesitation at the very least. Raptors, big come from behind win against a team that was, actively trying to lose the ball game. I am a little bit worried about Jacob Pertl. He had 13, 6, and 5 in only 24 minutes. Precious Achewa is back. He played 19 minutes, which, I mean, he's probably gonna get at least that most ball games. They were trying different lineups a little bit here, trying to figure out what was gonna stick. Puertle was a minus 14. Again, I know it's just one ballgame, but Jacob's having a very bad season so far. He's number 160. Some of that's because he's shooting 41% at the free throw line, but a lot of it's because he's only playing 24 and a half minutes of ballgame instead of high twenties like we were hoping for. So the blocks are not even at 1. Steals are at 0.6. Those are numbers that we need to get up for him. Really need that free throw to come up from 41 to get back into the high fifties, something like that. So it's not quite as brutal. Would I buy low? I I probably rather just leave it alone. And if I have Pirtle, which I do on 1 or 2 spots, I'm just gonna sort of ride it out and hope for the best. Also, I feel a little bit less stupid right now because Dennis Schroder is coming back to Earth. He's still very much a roster and start guy, so I don't want this to be like it's it's not like a rubbing salt in a wound thing. But a lot of this stuff with Schroder that was sort of over his head, you know, 2 plus 3 pointers per ball game, 1 and a half steals per game. That stuff is all coming back down to more like what we expected. The assists are still at almost 8. I'd maybe that holds all year. You know, even in a bad ball game yesterday, he still had 6 assists. His team shot the ball okay, so it's not like you could put it on that. The turnovers were also very low for a guy that was doing a lot of ball handling. I think maybe we're getting closer to where he's gonna end up. 158 could probably still come down a little. And so top 50 Schroder is probably done. And that was when I was like, oh my god. I really missed on this one. But as it turns out, he is now slowing. He's down to number 84 in 9 cat. And if he ends up near the edge of the top 100, I would still say that I was too low on him. But at least I wouldn't have missed by very much at that point. Bulls lost to the bucks. 118109, the final score there. No Jae Crowder on the Milwaukee side for a while now. We'll start on that side because there's more news on the bucks. Crowder being out, the question was kind of, alright. Where does this extra run go? And in yesterday's ballgame, it went to Pat Connaughton and a little bit extra to Bobby Portis. That was sort of the, let's say, the more significant differences, but, yeah, slightly more significant differences. I don't know why the Bucks continue to start Malik Beasley other than, like, this idea that they need more floor spacing. That's something that maybe could change over time because he was also a net negative. I think the starting 5 was predict was kinda bad in yesterday's game. Dame was a net negative also. He was terrible coming back from injury. What do we do about this information? I I think you can probably add Bobby Portis. And the nice part is that it doesn't have to just be because Brook Lopez is trending down because Brook was actually okay. He missed his free throws in kind of a weird twist in yesterday's ballgame. Otherwise, you mostly got what you wanted to out of him, which was a couple of threes, 3 blocks, better field goal percent. And then where the missed free throws came from, I really have no idea. But now he's shooting 67% at the line and still only 40 a half percent from the field. Brook Lopez, I mean, just staring down the numbers, it's a pretty clear buy low. Do I think he's gonna get into the top 20, top 25 like last year? No. I never thought he was gonna do that. I we all figured he would take some kind of step back. But right now, again, if you just adjust for the percentages, even if you don't ratchet up the usage, he still jumps 20, 30 slots and gets him himself pretty far out in front of ADP. So I like Brook Lopez if you can get him for the right price, which probably anything beyond top 80 would be right price for me. I think you should add Bobby Portis if he wasn't added already. It does seem like he's gonna be a bit of a winner in this Jay Crowder thing. Pat Connaughton not I I don't think I'm doing the the Pat Connaughton 12 team. I know he had 8 boards, 5 assists. That was nice, but I I just it doesn't feel like he's gonna get to do enough every ball game. He profiles probably more as a 14 or 16 teamer guy right now. I have him on my 30 deep team, so that's been a nice little, bump here with the Crowder situation, which I needed because Alex Caruso's got a mucked up toe. But that's what's going on in Milwaukee. What's going on in Chicago is almost nothing. DeMar DeRozan and Zach LaVine had terrible shooting games. And when they do that together, there's just sort of no chance Chicago's gonna win. LaVine shot 26%, DeRozan 20 21. Those guys combined for 31 points on 33 shots. Womp womp. Vooch had another good one though, and he got twenty 4 shots in that ball game. You wanna talk about being excited about a Vooch usage rate? He's inside the top 40 now after a slow start, so, all is right in the universe, I guess, if you wanna put it that way. Let's keep moving here. Oh, Kobe White had 16 points. He only played 26 minutes, though, and and Patrick Williams had a good ballgame, but I don't care. And now Cleveland in Sacramento as we come to the end of our 4 game deal. Max Strouse, 19 5 and 4 with a steal, 5 3 pointers and 7 out of 12 shooting. Number 55 in 9 cat leagues as his field goal percent now trending up to where we thought it would be. He's now at 43% for the season, which I think is kind of around what we thought it would be overall. He continues to rebound. He had 5 more yesterday. He continues to get assists just by being on the floor. He played the 2nd most minutes on the team again just behind Donovan Mitchell. What's not to like? Meanwhile, Jared Allen is on a minutes cap, which is super annoying. I mentioned on a previous show that maybe you could buy low on him, but also it would be complicated because we don't know how long he's gonna be on this minutes thing. So, you know, it could be 2 weeks. It could be a month. It could be whatever. That makes it a little bit of a nerve wracking buy low. And the shame of it is is that I I did draft him in a couple of spots because I figured you Jared Allen at, like, 55 or 60. That's kind of a no brainer. But if we're gonna lose the 1st month and a half to minutes crap, that's really annoying. So, we're gonna need to get him going here in the next little bit. I don't know how long it's gonna take, but he's outside the top 100 right now. And, presumably, that means you could get him on the cheap because nobody knows how long the minutes cap is gonna last. And then Darius Garland who I mean, look. He's gonna be better than he's been. He's number 123 mostly because he's at almost 5 turnovers a ball game, but, also, he was probably a guy that was getting overdrafted this last year just because he gets assists. You know, Garland was fine last year. I wouldn't call him special last season. 22 points, 8 assists is pretty good. It's pretty darn good. 1 point 2 steals, 2 and a half three pointers on 46 perch inch. Like, all that stuff is decent. His steals are actually really high right now, but the scoring is down by 4. The assists are down by almost 2. His his 3 pointer isn't dropping yet, which is notable, but, like, here's the important part. I don't really know what people thought was gonna change with Garland. He was number 50 last year, and it felt like that was just gonna be his role. You know? He played 35 and a half minutes ballgame, 22 and 8. Like, what was gonna improve for him as long as Donovan Mitchell was there? So this is a guy getting drafted in the mid thirties, mid to late thirties that didn't really have much of a chance of getting to the mid thirties per game without some sort of weird usage twist. So, again, if you wanna call it a buy low, I'm good with that. But you gotta be able to get him for something deeper than top 50. Like, if you can get Darius Garland for a 75 range guy, you probably do it. Anything cheaper than that, you definitely do it. But just understand where a guy is likely to get to. Now the good news is that he's been bad so far. To get to the top 50, he's gonna have to be better than that for a while. So, I mean, maybe that means he isn't he doesn't even get all the way to that range. Maybe you just get top 50 ish, like, from that from whenever he turns it on to the end of the season. So overall rank wouldn't reflect that, but maybe you'd have him for that good part, so to speak. Caris LeVert at 21 and was pretty efficient actually in doing it. I continue to be very surprised by this, but he's inside the top 100, and he needs to be started until further notice. And last week, 7 days ago, 5 days ago, 3 days ago, whatever you wanna call it, I yelled and yelled and yelled about Keegan Murray being one of the biggest by lows of the early season, and, now he's not anymore. So 2 gigantic ball games. Keegan Murray now launched himself up to number 50 overall in 9 cat. He was at, like, 120 while shooting 34% or something silly like that. I don't know that 2.2 defensive stats holds all year. I don't know that the big rebounding numbers hold all year, but everything else with him is, pretty repeatable because it does feel like he's gonna score more. It also feels like the field goal percent is gonna continue to to tick up. When it all levels off, could he end up between 5080? Yeah. Absolutely. So the buy low window is shut. We missed that one if you didn't do it already. We had our our brief chance to to try, and and now that's over. Demona Sabonis continues to have a really weird free throw shooting start to the year. I doubt you can get him for cheaper than people drafted him, but you should think about it. Kevin Herder's on a little bit of a mini heater right now. This is gonna be the Herder path. He's number 107 while he's heating up. He'll go on a stretch where he's top 60 for a couple weeks, and he'll go on a stretch where he's top 150 for a couple of weeks. We saw it a lot last year, and I think he ended up somewhere, like, near 90 something. My guess is that he ends up a little bit back of that this season. Some of these early season numbers. I know De'Aaron Fox is back for this one, but his early season numbers have a little bonus usage because Fox missed whatever it was a week and change with, with his injury. So hurt her. Now ride it, I guess. Ride him while he's hot, and then maybe try to sell at the end of the heater. If you can figure out when that might be, easier said than done, or you just treat him like Tim Hardaway Junior and kinda go add drop mode or start sit mode. You catch my drift. Malik Monk was still decent in this one. Minutes are gonna trend down now with Fox back in. Monk wasn't playing 30 minutes a game when when Darren was in the ball game. He did enough here because the the turnovers were low, and he hit his shots and his free throws. I am skeptical that Monk can be a top 100 play when this team is healthy. He's number 136 on the season overall right now. And to me, that feels like a much more reasonable target for him. So games capped, that would be a tough one to drop in the mix. But, again, like, these guys would have certain head to head skill sets. Like, Monk, if you need assists, some scoring, typically, he's a really good foul shooter. You can kinda ring that out of him even if, again, if you're attacking all 9 categories, it probably doesn't make sense. And that's yesterday, which, again, just a 4 game cards. We were able to move through it at a a slightly better rate. Before we get to tomorrow, I gotta tell you guys about some of our partners on the show, and I've done a a better job now of keeping oh, the lawnmower is just out of reach. Hold on. I think I can do this without really disrupting the podcast too much. Hold on. Hold on. Okay. I think I got it. This is bad for folks that aren't watching. It's bad for folks that are watching. It's really bad for folks that are listening. This, friends, is the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra box that it comes in, and it flips open like this. Oh, yes. The front flips open, revealing the lawnmower 5 point o. So sleek, so futuristic. Here's some here's some brushes that come with it that can, the for, trimming. This let me see if I can pop this out. That's just actually converts it into a an electric razor. So if you didn't wanna get the handyman, which I showed you guys last week, you could do it with that. And then you guys can see it on YouTube, but I'll explain it for the listeners. There's this little flap here. You pull it up, and it reveals what's going on underneath, which is the charging implements. And on the back of the cover, a travel bag. Look at that. That all comes together in this lawnmower 5.0 Ultra, and I think I mucked up the thing, so I'm not sure I can put it back together here. Oh, there we go. I did it. Lawnmower 5.0 Ultra. Body hair trimmer. They make such a deal about saying groin. It doesn't have to be groin. It's just a body hair trimmer, and it's great. And here's what we got going on on the back. I don't know if you guys can see this on the YouTube screen or if it'll focus tight enough, but, it's got a a 2 click LED light built into it. It's waterproof. 60 minutes of runtime, a travel lock so it doesn't use up all of its batteries when it's in some in your suitcase or whatever. It's got this constant RPM motor that helps the blade from slowing down as the battery drain. So it'll just hit and then it'll go. So you don't get that, like, at the end, which pinches, and that's what's so great about MANSCAPED stuff. No pinching, skin safe technology. Go get some stuff there, man. It's Manscaped dotcom is the website. Ethos 20. Ethos 20 is our promo code. Enter that to get 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscaped.com. Oh, by the way, please take a moment to like and subscribe. Subscribe. What the hell, man? Many of you watched a number of episodes, and you haven't subscribed yet. Also, chat room is open if you wanna hit it. I think we'll probably have some time for questions because there just weren't that many games to go over yesterday. Here's what's coming up tonight. A lot of things actually to go over tonight. By the way, again, you can find me on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. What's going on tonight? The Pacers. Well, Well, I continue to have a fever dream that the Pacers will give anyone not named Bruce, Tyrese, or Miles consistent minutes, but also I know that they almost definitely won't. For the sixers, I, I got out in front of my skis on Twitter, and I was like, oh, boy. It's Nick Batum time. And then I remembered he's out for the front end of the back to back. Hopefully, he's back for the second half. It's listed as personal reasons right now, not rest. Maybe they had to do that to avoid any kind of fine. I have no idea. But Batum looks amazing with the Sixers. They seem thrilled to have him because they haven't really had a glue guy like that before. And then with Kelly Oubre out for a while, which again, sad story, but, anyway, Batum seems like he's in a great spot. Oh, by the way, before we get to the rest of the stuff, coming up tonight, we did have some news from earlier today. Devin Booker is expected to play tomorrow for Phoenix as is Bradley Beal. So they'll have all 3 of their guys for the first time this year. Trae Young is out tonight. We'll get to that in a minute. Gordon Hayward just got downgraded to questionable tonight due to a hamstring situation. Brandon Miller on Charlotte, also questionable. This is all breaking, by the way, while the show's going here. And as of about 25 seconds ago, Kelvin Johnson and Trey Jones on the Spurs each ruled out for the Spurs game in Oklahoma City tonight. So that's gonna create a a weird little pocket. And I am very curious to see what happens when certain guys are out on the Spurs because, I don't like the efficiency from, a lot of the main dudes, but there are guys waiting in the wings that are a little bit better from that standpoint. So, like, if Trey Jones is out, does that mean we finally get a Davante Graham sighting? Does it just mean more Jeremy Solhan at the point? Keldon Johnson being out, you know, we saw with the Vassell out. That was Malachi Branham time. Is that gonna be a thing? I'm probably not gonna play anybody, but it is a good thing. This is the time of year where we're collecting all the data to use later on these, we call them, burger board streams, but the injury replacement guys. Alright. Let's get back to this thing. De'Anthony Melton feels like he almost has to be productive now with no Oubre and Batum out. Like, how could he not be useful in this one? For the Heat, Kyle Lowry. I'm assuming he's back here because it's not a back to back. Right? Heat don't play tomorrow. Miami plays tonight. Whoopsies. Let's get this real quick. Yeah. They don't play tomorrow. So I'm assuming Kyle Lowry's in. And so now the question becomes, is it Lowry? Is it Duncan Robinson? Is it Jaime Jaquez who picks up for the Tyler hero stuff? I I would lean to Lowry, but, you know, I I guess we can't know for certain on that front. Hornets. Miles Bridges was going to be the main thing here, but now with Hayward and Brandon Miller, game time decision y type of stuff, there's a whole lot of stuff to keep track of with the Hornets that we simply can't know the answers to in the morning, which is when we're talking right now. For the Hawks, Trae Young being out for personal reasons. I believe it was the birth of his second child, if I'm getting that right. D'Shaunte Murray should go pretty big. Bogdan Bogdanovic is someone that I was expecting to drop off, but this won't be the day that it happens now. And, that's basically it for the hawks. For the Pistons, I have a number of things I'm wondering about. So Alec Burks, Jaden Ivey came back immediately. Marcus Sasser, and, Killian Hayes became not playable. But how does that whole thing shake out? Do any of those 4 guys stay above the cut line? Is it 0 out of 4? Is it 1, 2 out of 4? It seems like Alec Burks is gonna have to be the guy because they badly need somebody to score not named Cade Cunningham, but we'll see. I believe Jalen Duren was already listed out for this ballgame. And if that's the case, Isaiah Stewart typically moves above the cut line even if he's still playing power forward. It's just that now he's alongside Marvin Bagley, who's not an all world rebounder instead of Jalen Duran. Bagley is not someone I would stream in roto. You could probably do it in head to head if you really wanted to, but, like, you wouldn't be that upset if you missed it. Spurs was gonna be nothing until we just had Trey Jones and Kelvin Johnson ruled out. So put that again, rolodex it. Thunder, my guess is that we're running out of time to sell on Lew Dort because there's just no way he averages 2.6 defensive stats on 50 82 splits. I guess the free throws could stick, but he has at least 3 categories that are about to plummet. And when that happens, it's going to be a precipitous drop. So just make your move if you can. Orlando, I I feel like I need to put Jalen Suggs on every list, but at this point, he's way inside the cut line. So just roll there. The real thing with the magic is, does Jonathan Isaac ever get near 20 minutes? He's gotten as high as 17. 20 is amazingly enough for him because his fantasy game is about as good as anybody on the planet, but his body is about as terrible as anybody's on the planet. So we gotta see if his body can withstand 20 minutes. I mean, we talked about this with Alex Caruso, who's very different, very different basketball player, very different fantasy stuff. When he plays 30 minutes, he gets hurt. Sure enough, he played 30 minutes in the Bulls last game, and then he missed 3 games back or whatever it is. And then wamp wamp wamp. I think Caruso gets moved. We'll see what happens with Chicago. It'd be nice if he got moved to a team that would play him a whole bunch, but it feels like he'd just have the same role somewhere else anyway. Nets, not much really here. I know Ben Simmons is out, but the Dorian Finney Smith fill in for Simmons was not as fun as the Dorian Finney Smith fill in for Nick Claxton. So I think we can probably leave that alone. Mavericks, I really just wanna know if Derek Lively the second is gonna have enough consistency to remain on rosters. Like, should we hang on and see how it goes all year, or is it gonna bounce around so much that it's gonna be more, a bigger headache than it's worth? That's the direction I'm kind of tilting right now, but nothing is set in stone there. Pelicans, I need to know if Herb Jones is getting back in there. I don't think we have an update on him yet. If he's back in, that changes a lot for the pels. Because with him out, Dyson Daniels has been getting starts, and he's been very good in the starting lineup. I've cooled on Jordan Hawkins. I think he's more of a schedule stream kinda play. And I also saw Herb Jones get dropped in a few spots maybe because folks didn't know how long he was gonna be out, but he's available in a couple of leagues I'm in, which is really surprising given he's number 51 in 9 cat right now. I would say pick him up. He's questionable for tonight is the latest news on Herb. It's really weird. I know. I don't know what the hell he's doing on some waiver wires, but folks get frustrated fast, and I guess that sort of the only answer I can come up with there. For Portland, Skyler Mays, if we're talking about streamers for the Jazz, I you know, Roto, I don't think I would start Keontae George head to head. You can, but he does belong on rosters right now to kinda see how this thing shakes out. They're very much a better ball club when he's running point as opposed to whatever the hell you could call Taylor Orton Tucker doing out there. Clippers, same stuff. Harden, how do they settle? How long is this this chemistry thing gonna take? But it's been real bad so far. And I'm almost now the problem is that I have a number of Clippers on my roster already, but I'm feeling greedy. So I kinda hope that it sucks for, like, another week. Because if it really sucks for 1 more week in Clippertown, you could probably get Harden and Kawhi for crazy discounted rates, and then I would end up with them on every single team I have. Because that's one of those ones where I would, like, pause my family life to go by low on dudes if they're terrible for another week and you could start getting Harden and Kawhi Leonard for, like, outside the top 60. Harden I drafted Harden at, like, 60 in one of my last drafts. That one, I don't think I could ever get him any cheaper than that. But, like, Kawhi, you probably had to take in the twenties. Maybe he fell near 30 in some spots. If you could get him cheaper than that right now, I mean, good grief. Nuggets, Reggie Jackson's the only thing to track there. Timberwolves, nothing at this point. I think we basically know what they are. Warriors, I mean, that a whole team is god awful right now besides Steph Curry, and that just can't last all year. Not all of these guys just magically turned terrible overnight. Someone's gonna bust out of a slump. I have no idea which one it's gonna be, but, like, right now, no one on the warriors can do anything. Klay is shooting 42 a half percent, and his usage is way down. Chris Paul, I think, is under 40%. Right? Yeah. He's at 37%. That's gotta come up. He's pretty damn close to being fantasy valuable even at 37%. And then Andrew Wiggins is off the map. He's been so bad. Someone has to get better, but who? Grizzlies. You know what I haven't mentioned? Is Jaren Jackson junior a buy low at number 46? It feels like he probably is. His scoring is up with no jaw, but his defensive stats are, like, half of what they were last year. And it feels like that's gonna trend in the right direction. I'm trying to remember. I think I got some questions about what the hell was it on Memphis? Jacob Gilliard. He played 24 minutes in the last ballgame. I I I'm not yeah. Show me, like, a consistent 31 minutes, and maybe I'll think about it. But even then, it's this is all time stamped to Jaw's return. Do we dare try Bismarck Biyombo against Anthony Davis? That feels like a bad idea. Lakers, it all comes down to whether or not LeBron plays. He's questionable right now. This is an in season tournament game. So if he's good enough to go, I assume he'll go. If LeBron goes, I think you probably leave all the streamers alone. If he sits, you could probably try Rui Hachimura or possibly Cam John or Cam Reddish or maybe even both. So it all comes down to Braun in that one. So a little bit of good news in Laker Town yesterday. It sounds like Jared Vanderbilt is ramping up towards a return. I don't think he needs to be rostered for fantasy purposes. I guess you never know. If a bunch of other guys get hurt, then that would change, but he'll slot in and and, make the team better at the very least. And that is your look ahead for tomorrow. So that means at 42 minutes again, I said I'm not going to an hour. We're not gonna go to an hour in today's show. I'm gonna try to lightning round these questions as best I can. So, folks, sit back, relax. It's 9:57 AM Pacific time right now. If your question is in the chat room, I'm a try to get to it. If it's not in the chat room right now, I don't think it's gonna happen. Okay? Okay. By the way, please do come find me on social at Dan Vesperis so that we can hang out even after the show is over. Yes. That's very important. Like, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, grab, grab, grab, grab. That's so important. Forget the liking. I need the subscriptions. That's more important. Points league, Maxey or De'Aaron Fox. Give me Tyrese Maxey. Choose 2 out of Lavert, Melton, Avdia, Keontae, George. I think I answered this question on yesterday's show, or maybe it was a slightly different smattering of humans. Melton and what did I say yesterday? Melton and Avdia? Yeah. Melton and Avdia. Give me Melton and Avdia out of those guys. Franz Wagner and Jalen Williams or Jared Allen and Clint Capela? Boy, that's very different skill sets. By strict ranking, I think I'll go Franz, and I think Jalen Williams gets a lot better as this season goes. We haven't seen him get any steals yet, and that's still gonna happen. But this I mean, this is, like, relatively close because I think Jared Allen probably gets up inside the top 50. Clint Capela is pretty close to top 50 already. Right? Yeah. 68. I think he might be the highest ranked of anybody on that board. I'm not a big Franz Wagner guy. He's number 98. I don't think he's really gonna get a whole lot better than that this year. But I am a big Jalen Williams guy, so that's maybe where this thing screws it up. I he's at 0.8 steals. I think that gets up to, like, 1.3, 1.4. Everything else has been great for Jalen to this point. Yeah. This is too it's too close to call. Too close to call. Go with the stats you need. Bradley Beal or Tobias Harris? Not a question we thought we were gonna be getting before the season started. I, believe it or not, think I'm going to Tobias Harris. He's number 32. He was a top 40 guy in fantasy before Harden showed up, but Harden's gone now. Is Jonathan Isaac a speculative ad? Looks like he'll hit 20 minutes tomorrow or the next game. Does it look that way, though? Because we have no idea that he's actually gonna get over 17 minutes. You guys know my take. If he hits 20, I pick him up on the spot. Cam Johnson and Jordan Pooler on the waiver wire. Who would offer a better return rest of season? Gordon Hayward would be the drop. I like Cam Johnson better between those guys. Just safer. Need a point guard while Jamal Murray is out. Should I go Jalen Suggs or Trey Jones? Trey Jones is now hurt, so that made my answer a lot easier. Give me Jalen Suggs, who's not really a point guard, though. Trey Jones will beat him in assists. But just like general overall ranking and opportunity right now, you're going Suggs. Would you drop Derrick White from Mitchell Robinson? I would not. Would you trade Jakob Poetle for Wendell Carter Junior in a points league? I wanna stash Wendell and IR to pick up Cooley. Also, very very worried about Poetle's minutes. So, points league, yes. I think you can go Wendell in that one. Category league, no. Should I drop any of the following for Cooley? Ben Simmons, Derek Lively, De'Anthony Melton, Gordon Hayward, Markelle Fultz. I think you could probably get away with dropping Derek Lively. Scottie Barnes for Giannis. Well, this one's pretty straightforward. Are you punting free throws? Because if so, then this answer is a resounding yes. And if it's not, then I think this answer is a resounding no. Although right now, Scottie Barnes is better than Giannis even if you are punting free throws. It just feels like at some point, Giannis is gonna pass him in that format. But if you're not, then Giannis has almost no chance of catching him. Analysts keep saying Dame just needs to get adjusted more, and I agree in some ways, but he just can't shoot it all at his confidence on the ball. It's just gone. I'm sad. I don't think his confidence is gone. I think he's playing a little bit hurt, and he's trying to figure out how he fits here. But, you know, he's not gonna shoot 37% for an entire season, so I'm inclined to agree with the the analysts in this one. The place where I disagreed with analysts is that people are like, oh, he's just gonna do what he did in Portland. There's just no way. I mean, he was a one man wrecking crew last year. There was nobody in Portland to help him for long stretches, and now he has Giannis. And, like, Middleton isn't even healthy yet, so his usage was always gonna take a pretty big hit. He's probably gonna end up in the 2nd round if I had to guess on a per game basis. But if you have him, you just hang on. It'll be fine. It'll be it'll be better. It's probably not gonna be a mid first, probably not even a late first at this point, but he'll be alright. Do you think Dilo can maintain 14 field goal attempts and 6 and a half assists? Where do you rank him rest of season, and what about his minutes? Well, we've seen his minutes come down a tiny bit in the last couple of Lakers games, largely because they've gone to more defense focused lineups late in the ballgame. Like with Portland, Russell played 32 minutes, but he didn't play down the stretch. But he got a lot of his minutes before that. So my answer is basically yes with with a caveat. Because right now, he's playing 33 minutes a game. I think probably that comes down a little bit with once Gabe Vincent comes back because they'll lean more in defense in those spots. But, also, I think he's, like, he was getting drafted after a 100, and I think he beats that. So maybe not 14 field goal attempts, but 6 assists is very doable. He's actually building chemistry with Anthony Davis seemingly every ballgame. So I I would definitely not panic on him. Who would you rather have an 8 cat? Dan Nick Claxton or Daniel Gafford? That's Nick Claxton. Is Markelle Fultz a drop? Do we think this knee issue is gonna be persistent all through the year? Back to bats, blah blah blah. He's 25 with a bum knee. That doesn't seem good enough to be held. I'm gonna hold him a little bit longer, see if he can get back from this. I admit he's been the most annoying player in fantasy to to roster so far this year because he missed 3 games. And just when we were able to put him on an IL slot, then he came back, played 1 game, and now he's missed 2 again. So he's been basically deadweight. But I gotta let him try to settle. I'm gonna give him at least some number of games when he's healthy to see what happens. After that, he could end up as a drop. You know? He was a guy that was you were drafting in the nineties. Those guys end up dropped sometimes. If it doesn't pan out, it doesn't pan out, but I don't think I would do it yet. Should I trade Michael Porter Junior for Brook Lopez? No. Stick with MPJ. He's having a really good season. I think you can maybe even get more, or you can just ride it out. Is it time to activate Cam Johnson? Yes. Who is my drop out of Tyus Jones, Shaden Sharp, Jaylen Johnson, or Daniel Gafford? Sadly, it's probably Tyus Jones. Should I trade Ja Morant for James Harden? Punt free throw build? I'm gonna say yes. Kawhi for Miles Turner? I think I'd probably rather have Kawhi, but you go either way or not. That one's that one's pretty close either way. Probably prefer Kawhi for me, but if you go Miles, that's that's actually fine too. Thoughts on Ben Simmons. Is there any hope? There's hope, but I've been saying he's his career's over for about 3 years. He's just not fast anymore. His body is is broken. I think the best we can hope for is what he's done so far this year, which is top 120. And that could go up a little bit if his free throw number wasn't 25%, but the other stuff is probably not gonna change all that much. And then you just have to pray that he gets healthy. Handful more questions here, and then we're wrapping it up. Who to drop if something comes up on who's my drop between Gordon Hayward, Tyus Jones, Derrick White, Markelle Fultz? Fultz is the drop if somebody pops up. I said, Tyus Jones and Andrew Wiggins for Jacob Pearl. Was that too much? I mean, that's a you sold low and bought low. I think Tyus should have been enough to get him solo, but I don't mind you getting rid of Andrew Wiggins. So that's fine. I sent away Gobert and Kuzma for Jimmy Butler and OG Anunoby. Yeah. It's a huge win. A huge win. Kuzma's on his way down. Butler and OG are great. Gobert is much better than expected, but, like, he's, you know, he's not Butler. And OG more than covers anything else you might have lost there. Should I sell low on Klay when he has some name value? He looks washed. Maybe. Depends what you can get. If you can get a top 90 guy back, I probably would sell on Klay because I don't know how long it's gonna take him to get going if at all. But you're definitely not dropping there. I managed to trade away Jordan Clarkson for Keegan Murray last week. Well done, sir. That's how you do it. Hey, Dan. Pat Connington or Nick Batum and an 18 teamer? I'll go Batum. Although Connington probably here while Jay Crowder's out might be safer because I don't think he's gonna take rest games like Nick might. But overall for the year, I'd probably go probably go Batum. Is Trey Murphy a stash? Yes. Because the Pelicans cannot stay healthy to save their lives. So I have every reason to believe that, someone's just gonna be hurt at all times on New Orleans, and that means Trey would slot into their spot easily. And, that's that. By the way, I told you guys that if you got your questions in before 957, they were getting answered. People keep writing them in there, but sadly, I don't think we're getting to those. Max Drews, Jordan Poole, or Cam Johnson rest of season. I'll go Cam Johnson in I just think he's although the health thing does bug me a little bit, but Cam Johnson per game is probably my pick there. Dan, at this point in the season season, are you stashing guys like Bilal who has potential rest of season or keeping guys like Skyler Mays for the next 2 to 3 weeks? Probably more like a Mays thing right now because I don't know how long it's gonna take for Cooley to actually get value. And I frankly, I don't know that he's gonna have 9 cat value all year anyway, but we know Skyler Mays is gonna have some value here for a week or 2. So I'm gonna I'll just cash in on that. Jalen Suggs or Jordan Hawkins? Definitely Jalen Suggs. Kevin Durant for Anthony Edwards? I'm gonna go Durant because Durant has actually been, like, weirdly not amazing so far, and he's he's starting to get there. But he's down at number 20, while not hitting his free throws at the normal clip. Like, normally, he's at 9 some odd free throws a game and and, like, 90%, and he just got up into the mid eighties. His turnovers are also super duper high because he hasn't had anybody on his team, and he's had to do a lot of the passing. Edwards is at 26, and I feel like Ant has kinda maxed out on ranking. So I I I prefer Kevin Durant. Although, I get it. Like, maybe you prefer Anthony Edwards because he is more a safer health risk there, but I I like Kevin Durant on a per game basis. Trade or hold, Kawhi, Pirtle, and Tyus Jones. Kawhi is a buy. He's a buy low. Pirtle is probably a weighted out, and Tyus Jones is also probably a weighted out. Another Tyus Jones question. Is there any hope or do you reckon the Wizards are cooked? Yeah. They're they are they are cooked, man. I I don't they might be doing a little bit of pretanking here just to, like, make sure they rack up a ton of losses. And then perhaps you see some of these guys, they'll actually let them play a little more in the middle of the season. So I would I would say hang on because we we see the outlines of it. Like, we've seen yesterday, he looked pretty good until they just yanked him around. You're not dropping. Let's just see how it goes. Two more questions because those are the ones that got in before my 957 butter. Is Herb Jones better than Jordan Hawkins? Yes. Should I trade Harden for Kat? Yes. I'm good with that. Because you probably Harden probably got drafted later. So to some degree, you're sort of, like, going and moving up the board And, Cat, just much safer shots starting to come around. He's number 47, but he's not shooting well yet. So that's a number that should probably go up. I mean, maybe you get to a point where Harden is better than him per game, but it ain't happening yet. And I think that's it for the questions. I know people threw some some other stuff in there, but, sorry, guys. You you were technically after the buzzer. This one asked somebody asked me if I'm a big pizza guy, and the answer is no. I'm lactose intolerant. That makes it harder. There is you know, they make, like, a vegan cheeses that don't have lactose, but they're kinda gross. And then pizza without cheese is also a little bit gross, but, you know, I'll do that in a pinch. So there's your non basketball question there. Hoping to do a buy sell show later today. We'll just kinda see how timing goes. I'm also completely exhausted from, all things life. But, again, it'll it'll again sort of come down to, daily timing, things like that. So stay tuned. We might have that going on. Please subscribe. That's the way that you would get alerted if we do have a fun buy or sell show. I am at d a n b e s b r I s over on Twitter.