Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. What can I say? I like to let the the song finish live after the fact, whatever. Fade outs. Fade outs are for the birds, man. Birds that fade out. What's happening, everybody? Welcome to hour here. I should've done that in a different voice. That was that was a missed opportunity for me to channel, you know, like, a little inner soft NPR, I guess, it doesn't have to be in here because some other radio station. Well, welcome to the welcome to the Kelly Olynyk hour here on Fantasy NBA Today. We're gonna be talking about Kelly Olynyk and, I don't know, maybe some other stuff too. Doesn't matter. We don't need to talk about anything else because all we need to talk about is Kelly Olynyk. Yeah. So, anyway, welcome to the Kelly Olynyk Hour. I'm Dan Vaspris. This is Fantasy NBA Today. This is a sports ethos presentation. Check out the sports ethos baseball draft guide available in the MLB Fantasy Pass for just $6 a month. Or and this is the deal of the millennium. If you have an NBA subscription already at Sports Ethos, you can upgrade you can upgrade, I say, to the All Sport for 1, uno, Oh. There we go. Went a little deeper on this one. $1 you can upgrade to the All Sport. It's an awesome way to get your day going. So, look, don't worry. We'll get to Kelly Olynyk. Their game was sort of in the middle of the card yesterday, but if that's, of course, what we're doing on this one. This is a 2 show Wednesday again. We're gonna break down yesterday's results, give you some ads, drops, all that good stuff on this episode. Later on today, in fact, depending on how time shakes out, I might try to do them back to back. If not back to back, it'll be early in the afternoon, like, right after my lunch. We'll do our schedule analysis show, which is gonna be a little bit shorter today because there's there's not a lot that you wanna be looking at, but we got a few key things. I put them out on social already at Dan Besservers. If you guys wanna check that out and have kind of, like, a little bit of a prelude to it, I would suggest you do it. That way, you have it kind of written out, but we'll do that on the second show today. For now, however, let's start talking about the card because that's frankly the important stuff. Orlando took care of business against Charlotte. This game was not as close as the final score would indicate, and you can kinda see that from, the the minute distributions on the Orlando side. Orlando is all schedule streams at this point with the exception basically of Franz Wagner, which is fine because they actually had a good schedule starting yesterday. But from a, you know, full season, like, rest of season standpoint, you're not picking up any of these guys for rest of season. It's, you know, Paolo, if you're in a points league, Franz, if you're in an anything league, and then a whole lot of Charlotte, on the other hand, we have some stuff that kind of pivots back and forth. Cody Martin has been out for a couple of ball games. So Vasilya Mitcic, got another start and a nice performance. 21 5 and 4 with a couple of steals and a 3 ball. I do wonder if this is the beginning of a more permanent pivot for, the Hornets into Mitsich the rest of the way. You know, I have no proof that that's what's about to happen because it's not like Cody Martin is a super old guy, but I don't know. I I feel like maybe at least with Mitcic, they're still trying to figure out what they have. The issue, of course, now is for those that are dealing with a schedule situation, Charlotte doesn't play today or tomorrow. So we're not gonna get any data on this for another couple of days. They play 8th 9th back to back, which is good, Friday, Saturday. But we won't know more about whether or not Cody Martin's coming back. We won't know more about what the the actual plan is there. On the, for and, again, I'm trying to keep this show geared a bit more towards those that are not concerned about their schedule. That's gonna be the second half of our 2 parter today. So if you're not worried about your schedule, I do think he deserves kind of a speculative ad where you can just sit on him for 2 days where nothing has to happen necessarily. And then, you know, if it goes great, great. If Martin comes back and destroys whatever Mitic was doing, okay. Fine. We move on at that point because he was playing 15, 16, 20 minutes in the games before Cody went down. This has been very much a one to 1. Mitic is the injury replacement for Cody Martin. But this is the kind of year where a guy goes down for injury and then just doesn't come back. That's again, I'm not saying that's what's gonna happen here, but I do think we need to be at least somewhat cognizant of the possibility that it could happen. Anyway, I do think he deserves a, a speculative ad. Trey Mann had a better ballgame. He's been kind of bad lately, but this is basically what I warned you guys about. Everybody got way out over their skis on Trey Mann after he got traded and had a bunch of games where he was, like, rebounding and assisting and stealing and scoring. They looked like this game, frankly. 7 out of 9 shooting, obviously, tilting the numbers for him, but he's come back to Earth, which has been generally now out just outside the top 100. And that's fine. He's startable. He's a hold. You're not gonna drop him because he's got a really good thing going here, and I don't think we see LaMelo Ball. But that's why I called him a sell high. If you guys are wondering the aggregate, Dabez Bertons is kind of like a weird little 3 point streamer right now. I don't think I'm taking that plunge, but, you know, anything's possible in these day and age. Grant Williams, 33 minutes off the bench, but Nick Richards is back and played the center spot. I think I'm very much into Grant Williams if he gets, like, a lot of center minutes. But if it's only a few, I'm not into it. Nick Richards, we saw the good games. We've seen the bad games. He levels off as kind of a little bit in that sort of doesn't matter group we've talked about. The guys that sit, like, between a 100a150 and don't don't really matter. Like, you can start them where you don't start them. Anyhoo, that's Charlotte. So we finally got through our 1st game of the day. Boston blew a big lead in Cleveland. 'Tis the week for blown leads across the NBA. No notes on Boston. They're the same every day. Sometimes they just sort of take their eyes off the prize. Cleveland is a more interesting scenario because they lost Evan Mobley in this game as well to a turned ankle. Apparently, he left the arena on crutches. That was the report that surfaced last night after the ballgame. Not a great sign for a team that's already down Donovan Mitchell, and so they're back down 2 main guys. Last time, it was Garland and Mobley. Now it's Mitchell and Mobley. Caris LaVergue did come back, and now we have this new profile. So we know Donovan Mitchell is gonna miss a couple of ball games still. We can, I think, safely assume that Mobley is gonna miss a couple of ball games if he had to leave the arena on crutches? What does that mean for the guys that are left? Well, first things first, Dean Wade went nuts in the Q4 yesterday. He had a perfect fourth, ended up with 23 points, 8 boards, and 6 3 pointers. That ain't gonna happen again in the next ball game. Does he start the next game? I'd say there's actually a pretty good probability that Wade starts, but, typically, he doesn't get that kind of usage even with a bunch of guys out. If you need 3 pointers and a couple of rebounds, you could stream Dean Wade. I'm not. That doesn't mean you can't. Again, like, you don't have to do exactly what I'm doing. I'm just I'm just not. Jared Allen obviously is a go. Darius Garland is obviously a go. Max Struss dealing with a knee strain. We don't know how severe that is. He's another one that's like, well, could he pop back up in the next ballgame? Sam Merrill started for Struuss, and we know Merrill can get wild from 3 point land. So that's, again, where one kinda hangs in the balance a little bit. I think if we find out that Struse is still out, you pick up and you start Merrill. And the Cavs actually just started a 5 and 7 run yesterday. 5 games and 7 nights, so they play again tonight. They play on Friday, Sunday, and Monday. There are a lot of games coming up over a short period of time. So we're gonna get opportunities here for individual daily streams. We just don't have a report on Struse yet for today, though it you know, we don't know. It might be coming soon. If Streuss is out, you play Meryl tonight. Then, again, we're talking about more so on the, like, not using up a head to head roster move kind of thing. This is again, we'll talk about that on the second show. I don't wanna get ahead of ourselves. We're talking right now about things you're doing basically against the Roto games cap or if weekly moves are not a factor for you. So Merrill's a go, in my opinion, if Struss is out. Okoro is a go regardless. There are enough guys out where he can do now enough to be fantasy relevant. And his game is fairly well rounded when he actually gets a little bit of usage. Caris LeVert, also a go with no Mobley and Mitchell. It's just too much usage that's been thrown back into the main pond where even with these, Lavert in particular has some severe efficiency issues, but I think he can overcome that with volume. So just to recap, Garland, Jared Allen, Caris LeVert, Isaac O'Coral, I think those guys are goes regardless of Max Struss's status. Dean Wade is, 3 pointers stream, so you gotta be, like, category hunting a little bit there. And then Merrill is a go in my opinion if Struss is out. So that's the Cavs breakdown. Hey. Before we get to Detroit, Miami, this thing seems to have hit some sort of Twitter algorithm today. I don't know what I did differently, but I'll try to do it again. If you're watching out on social and this is sort of new and fun for you and you stumbled upon me, hi, first of all. Please take a second to like the post that brought you here, and please take a minute to follow at Dan Bespris, d a n b e s b r I s. We grow when you guys can tell people that we exist. So thank you for whatever you can do in advance. I really do appreciate that. Let's keep chugging. Detroit was able to kinda hang in there with Miami for a while. Simone Funtecchio had 22 points, and he's been on, a little bit of a, like, a mini run here. Ultimately and and, you know, you guys know your teams better than I do, but Funtechio's fantasy game generally tends to be a little bit limited. He'll get you a steal every now and again. His steals have been okay, and he'll hit you some threes with some okay feel, free throw percent, but he hadn't rebound much. He doesn't pass all that much. He's actually slightly underrated passer, but in this the way his role that he's got in Detroit, he's not gonna be asked to pass all that much. So mostly, it's threes, some points, and free throw percent with, like, a smattering of steals. Now if you just go over the last 2 weeks, he's been right on the cusp of startable, like, around number 110, 15 points on 33 pointers. It does kinda feel like he's running warm right now. If you wanted to try it, I would not yell at you. I'm probably not going to stream Fontecchio against a games cap. I just I don't have the confidence in it. They're down Quentin Grimes right now in Detroit, so he's another guy that could take some of those minutes when he comes back. So, you know, short term, do you need some threes? Like, at this point, I would prefer to go with the cavaliers 3 point shooters because it just feels like they're gonna bomb away from out there. But Tekyo maybe have a a little more upside in free throws or steals, But just in overall minutes, like, Merrill, if Struss is out, who we just talked about, or Wade with Mobley out, those guys are gonna play minutes. And it they profile somewhat similarly just less willing to chuck. I'm not into Isaiah Stewart. I don't like his 9 cat game. So Detroit for me is Jalen Duran, Kate Cunningham, Azar Thompson, and that's basically it. And for those that are watching for the first time, Jaden Ivey is more of a points league guy, and that's why I left him out. For the Miami Heat, Tyler Herro continues to be out. Duncan Robinson is your one to one fill in there, and then you really don't have to worry about anything else because Cade La Martin has a hot game every now and again, but it's not someone you can start every single day right now. So it's Butler, Robinson, Bam, and Rozier. That's it. That's all you gotta worry about on Miami. Easy. The, Atlanta hawks down one starter, took care of the knicks who are down, like, 4 right now, and got good numbers from all of the guys. And so no no valuation changes on Atlanta. Clint Capela's minutes continue to slowly tick up as he works his, minutes cap up into the high twenties. So you basically have 6 guys on the Hawks that you can start every day right now. Jalen Johnson, Dejounte Murray, Sadik Bey, Deandre Hunter, Bogdan Bogdanovic, Clint Capela. Easy. The Knicks, a little bit less easy. Still relatively easy, honestly. Precious Chiu's minutes were down yesterday, and it wasn't like it was foul trouble. It was, again, Tom Thibodeau realizing he needed to get some more offense on the floor. So you've seen an uptick in minutes for Bojan Bogdanovic lately. That's been pretty well tied into Jalen Brunson being out. So, yes, we'll get to Deuce McBride in just a second. Bojan is playing more right now because the Knicks can't afford to go offenseless. Like, look at the guy look at the lineup that they're running out there without Bogdanovic. Presses to chew up, no real offense. Josh Hart, minimal offense. Deuce McBride, not much offense. Dante DiVincenzo has turned himself into an offensive hero, but, I mean, look at this game. 24 shots. The efficiency starting to level up there. There's no offense. So they've had to lean into Bogdanovic. The report, by the way, on Jalen Brunson, just to kinda circle back to that one, was somehow pretty good, which is amazing. I'm like it looked like the way he went down, it looked like there was no contact. I guess maybe there was some slight knee to knee, but he's being listed as having a sore knee, and that's the win of the century. That's the win of the century. I mean, it's it's it's mind boggling, honestly, that that anyway, so assuming Brunson is back in the not too distant future, we're obviously very hopeful of that. I would think at that point, Boyan Bogdanovic goes back to much more of a fringy role, so I'm not picking him up here. He needs a lot of shots and a lot of playing time every night to be a thing. And with Brunson, no timetable, you can't take a a chance on that. By the way, quick shout out to the chat room for pointing out that, Kobe Martin was ruled out for more than a week already. So if you wanna take the plunge on Mitcic in most formats, I think that's good enough to say, yeah, he'll probably have, you know, a handful of games here. Charlotte starts an excellent schedule on Friday. So head to head side, you probably wait, try to make that move on Friday. Roto, you could do it now, and that at least gives you a window to kinda see what this becomes. But they go 6 games in 9 nights starting on Friday if you're into that sort of thing. While we were talking about with New York, Deuce McBride played 45 and a half minutes, basically, for the 2nd ball game in a row. He's played mid forties in minutes. This is a regulation ballgame provided his limbs don't fall off. You stream McBride with Brunson out. Hart's a go. DiVincenzo's a go. Precious is still a go. I'm not into Jericho Sims. As I just mentioned, I'm not into Boyan Bogdanovic even in the short term. And then Isaiah Hartenstein is one of the hardest calls to make in fantasy right now, largely because we just don't know when his minutes cap might shift. And he's stuck between 20 and 24 minutes a game right now while he's dealing with his Achilles soreness. That's not enough. We need him at 25, 26, or higher to start him. He's a top 100 guy in that number. We saw when he was playing in the low thirties and minutes, mid thirties and minutes, he was top 30, top 40 range. So the problem, of course, here is that when you have a player with that ridiculous level of upside, 3rd, 4th round pick kind of stuff, you can't just throw him back into the pond. But we have this indefinite situation. So head to head, I think you just gotta play them and hope you get something. Roto, you stick them on your bench and wait for some sort of good news to come out. The, Philadelphia 70 sixers went into, even higher, like, Defcon 1 of zombie mode now. Tyrese Maxey is in concussion protocol, so they're down their 2 most important players. Joel Embiid still without a true timetable on his return. But when one player goes down, you know, a a door closes, a window opens, and all of that stuff. There are plenty of streamables in Philadelphia now that maybe weren't there a couple of weeks ago. Let's do what we've been doing with some of the other teams and just try to blitz through this 1 by 1. Campaign got the start, for Maxi. He played through an illness and had an okay line. Campaign is not a great 9 category Fantasy player. Hasn't been ever. Even when he got some fill in opportunities last year in Phoenix, he'd have one big game, and then he'd have some horrible shooting nights. And he leveled off outside, believe it or not, the top 100. If Payne continues to start and if his minutes tick up into the high twenties, you play him in points leagues. Buddy Hield is a go. Kelly Oubre is obviously a go. He took 20 shots yesterday. Tobias Harris, obviously a go. I would I would stay off of the centers. Now, they didn't have to go big in this ballgame. Bomba played 12 minutes. Paul Reed played 19 because Brooklyn is not a particularly large basketball team from just a standard size standpoint. They're a long team, the nets are. And, yeah, Paul Reed had had 2 pretty good games coming off the bench, but with the minutes not secure, I think I'd rather treat Reed and Bomba as schedule plays. And you may have noticed the 1 well, 2 players that I haven't talked about yet. Nick Batum, too old even for me, and Kyle Lowry who had been on my too old board, which is saying a lot because you guy you guys know me and my love of old players. Kyle Lowry is a start now because not just because he's playing 30 something minutes, because he played 30 something minutes a few times in Miami and didn't really do anything with it. The difference, of course, is that when you're handicapping fantasy basketball, you're looking for 2 things to come together. Well, 3, really. We talked about this during the run up to the season. It's kind of like how do you handicap a card, or how do you handicap an entire league? Thing 1, opportunity. Thing 2, usage. Thing 3, fantasy stat set. Now if all 3 of those things come together, you get, you know, top 50 kind of basketball player. If you can get 2 of those to come together, you typically have a guy you can start in most formats. And right now, that's what's different for Lowry. In Miami, he had minutes, but he didn't have usage or the fat the stat set at that point because the usage kind of actually impacted the stat set, which maybe I should talk about a 4th thing. Stat set kinda ties into role on a team. So opportunity and role are not the same thing. So we're gonna roll stat set and and team role together. I used the word too many times in 2 different iterations of it. Lowry in Miami, his role was to stand there, shoot 3 pointers, give the ball to guys that were younger and better offensively, and take charges on defense. Lowry's role in Philadelphia right now with Maxey gone for we don't know how long. They called it a mild concussion, so hopefully he's back in a week. And Embiid gone for a while still, most likely. I would think at least another 3 weeks, maybe more. Lowry's role is suddenly be involved. You're the point guard, and you get to shoot. You get to orchestrate a little bit. You get to run some plays. You get to gamble on defense. Go for some steals. So all of a sudden now we're gonna get a little bit more, not all the way back to Toronto, but you're gonna get a little bit more of the Toronto Lowry and a little bit less of the Miami version. Because, look, he's also back with Nick Nurse, who he's gonna give him a little bit more leeway because there's a trust built there. So you saw 4 3 pointers and 5 assists and a steal in his last couple of ball games even with Maxey around were pretty good. And so, yes, I can't believe that I'm saying this out loud for the 2nd day in a row. Kyle Lowry is in all formats fill in play right now. And I know what you're thinking. Toronto's schedule is not that great. You are correct. But if you pick him up tomorrow, then you at least get 2 games the rest of this week and 4 next week. And I think he still puts up probably usable numbers even when Maxey comes back. That won't be the case when Embiid is back around, but we got a little while there. If De'Anthony Melton happens to show back up again, that would also blow up the Kyle Lowry thing, but, he's out indefinitely as well. Brooklyn. Brooklyn. Brooklyn. Brooklyn. You lost Cam Johnson. Cam, you were finally playing well, and now he's out again. And I think it's fair that we can probably call Cam Johnson injury prone at this point because this is getting ridiculous. But, again, 1 one man, oh, you know, door closed and window open again for the second time on the show. We'll go into that. With Cam Johnson down, Lonnie Walker got 30 minutes yesterday. Lonnie Walker is not a great 9 category Fantasy player. He's mostly points and threes, a smattering of other stuff, but not much as a very traditional, what we call a shooting guard fantasy game, which is points, threes. Typically, free throw percent is pretty good. Once in a blue moon, you'll happen upon a steal or an assist, but it's usually not enough without a lot of shots to translate into 9 category value. That said, Brooklyn is in a rare day off during their, you know, their 5 and 7 game stretch that was hustling along here. They have 3 and 4 nights starting tomorrow, and I'm I'm gonna presume that Cam Johnson ain't coming back quickly because he very rarely ever does. So if you really wanted to grind out some points and threes and hope that Walker can catch lightning in a bottle, you could do that starting tomorrow and head to head. Roto, I don't think I'd do it. I don't think I'd do it. I just don't like his game that much. I actually like Lonnie Walker. I think he's fun to watch. I just don't like his fantasy game that much, I should say. So he's now a thing. Dennis Schroder is, very much a thing because usage just keeps getting heaped onto him. Was a few seasons back. I'm trying to remember what player we were talking about at the time, and I struggle to come up with a name. But we were talking about, I said that one player had a voodoo doll. Does any long time listener remember when we used to talk about the Voodoo doll? It was someone in Sacramento, I think. Because every time one player came back, another player went down, and the guy who I said had the Voodoo doll was just, like, knocking out 1 teammate perpetually so he'd that he always had a starting job. Can't remember who it was. Well, Denny Schroeder seems to have a Brooklyn voodoo doll because everybody's just dropping around him like flies out there. Like flies, I say. Ben Simmons, who, you know, need a voodoo doll to knock him out, but Cam Thomas is down. Now Cam Johnson is down. Schroeder's got plenty to do. So he's in all formats go. Bridges, Dorian Finney Smith is in all formats go. Again, there's just, like, there's enough playing time and usage where he is gonna get to do enough. It's a glorious thing when a team gets thinned out. It's unfortunate if you if you lose if your player is the guy that goes down. But for everybody else, it's like, alright. Sweet. We all get a dozen shots now. Delightful. Keep one eye on Dennis Smith junior as well. It doesn't seem like he's gonna get enough playing time, but you never know. Here's the one we've been waiting for. New Orleans at Toronto, and you're like, Dan. Dan. This game is a 40 point blowout. Dan. Why are you getting so excited about this one? Well, you know why. I can't contain my enthusiasm. I gotta start on the Toronto side. We'll come back to New Orleans. Don't worry. There's 1 or 2 things to talk about on the Pele's side. Kelly Olynyk and Gary Trent junior. I feel like I need to whisper his name because I'm so over the top excited. So here's the thing, and I said it in a tweet I sent out. Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good Because the Kelly Olynyk thing, for us, for me, whatever, like, if you wanna call us a a group effort here, has been kind of a running gag at this point. Everybody knows how much I love Kelly Olynyk. I always talk about him. Anytime he even has the slightest hint of a chance of putting up Fantasy value, I'm in on Olynyk. In. Even to my own detriment. But it won us a bunch of leagues when he got traded to Houston a few years back, and it just might win us a couple of leagues now. We got lucky. I'll admit it. When he got traded to Toronto, I picked him up everywhere. And then when it looked like he was only gonna get back up center minutes, I dropped him. Luckily, there were about 3 or 4 days in there. So he was able to clear waivers and nobody picked him up before Scottie Barnes went down. And then I added him again, and it still looked like he was gonna play back up center minutes and almost nothing else. And then Jakob Pearl dislocated a finger and had surgery on it and is out indefinitely. And if you wanna talk about voodoo dolls, team Canada, Kelly Olynyk, there's there's no stopping him now. There are no other centers on the roster. Johntae Porter, not I mean, okay. Like, technically, he plays center. There are no other centers on the roster. They basically have no choice. And I I don't think that it's something they don't want either. They just signed him to an extension to your deal, so they love him. But from just a, do we even have the personnel standpoint? No. Olenek's gonna have to play 28 or more minutes. And if this game's not a blowout, he probably plays 30 or more minutes. And Kelly Olenek in 30 or more minutes in a even a, like, a sub feature role, which is basically what he is on this team now, he's arguably the best point guard on the team at the center spot. We are going to get some truly intense, well rounded lines out of him yesterday. This game went about as poorly as any game could have gone for Toronto. Olitic, by the way, was only a minus 14. In the minutes, he was on the floor in a game they lost by 40, so I guess that's a positive. 15 points, 6 rebounds, 7 assists, 2 steals, 2 blocks, a 3 pointer, just for good measure, 4 out of 9 shooting, which, by the way, he's been at 50% shooting for a couple of years now, and 6 out of 7 at the free throw line. And for you 9 category friends, myself included, one turnover. I mean, this is the jackpot moment. Yes. We got very lucky that we were squatting on Kelly Olynyk and thinking, oh, maybe somebody gets out of the way, and then everybody got out of the way. Super lucky. Totally willing to admit that. But you know what? Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good. By the way, I also think Gary Trent belongs on rosters. He's getting enough shots, which is always the thing for him. Scottie Barnes being out is the big deal there. Just dropping enough usage too quickly, and Barrett, who's an absolute disaster, dumpster fire of a 9 cat guy. But, you know, those 2 guys are the only other dudes on the team who are gonna be willing to take shots. Don't not stop at Jordan Awara, 15 shots off the bench. You keep one eye on him if you want, but he's not gonna be a thing. But Gary Trent can be a thing. And we know from historically, when he's taking shots, he's a 9 cat guy. Threes, steals, almost exclusively those two things, but generally enough of them. So, yes, Gary Trent also. Let's slide back over here so everybody can see what we're working on. San Antonio lost at Houston. Wembley seemed to be hurt near halftime, but then the this is kinda funny. The the Spurs beat folks on Twitter were tweeting that not only did he come back out for the second half, but he sprinted back out for the second half just to make sure everybody knew I'm fine. So thank you, Wembie. That was good to see. A tiny little seven block game for Wembanyama. This actually looked a lot more like his early season games, 6 turnovers, difficulty scoring. The Rockets were giving him kind of a hard time, and Alper and Shengoon were just going right at him. Shout out to Shengoon, by the way, for having zero fear in this ballgame. And, he's the reason that they toppled the Spurs team that had actually been playing a little bit better lately. You're not picking up Malachi Branham. You're not picking up Kelvin Johnson. The Spurs are Victor Wabanyama, Devin Vassell, and that's kind of it these days, actually. Trey Jones has has, tapered off. I think you can stream Trey Jones' spot, which, honestly, sometimes it sort of feels good to be able to say, oh, yeah. You can stream a slot now that you couldn't before. Because at this time of year, we wanna have some sort of mobile slots to use on our rosters. Feels good to be able to move bodies around. I got an itchy fantasy trigger finger, though. Houston, we were watching to see if Ahman Thompson could get enough playing time with, Freddie VanVleet healthy, and it does seem like the answer to that question is likely no. I know Cam Whitmore had a nice ballgame yesterday, but he had had, what, 4 or 5 bad ones in a row. So you can't just say, oh, when a good one pops up, you have to take the full breadth of it. And the breadth of it is that for the Rockets right now, with Shangoun, VanVleet, Jabari Smith Junior who had a bad ballgame here, those are the guys that tend to sit inside the top 100 or certainly a lot better for the first two names I mentioned in 9 cat. Jalen Green, points league only. That's as far as you go. Indiana team Jekyll and Hyde blows out the Dallas Mavericks. I mean, didn't they just I feel like Indiana just lost to a tanking team the other night. I've lost track of their schedule, but I feel fairly confident that the Pacers just lost to someone who doesn't belong. It was the Spurs. Yeah. We just talked about it. It was the the Spurs and Wembley. Anyway, as the Pacers go, I think Aaron Neesmith, he's probably playing through something right now, but you can also likely stream his roster spot. You're not picking up Ben Shephard. You're not picking up Andrew Nembhard. TJ McConnell has actually been streamable lately in all formats even with wildly fluctuating minutes. He's just been really, really good at assists and steals and field goal percent, and that's often enough as a combo. It's an extraordinarily dangerous stream to use against a game's cap because a guy playing 18 to 22 minutes a game, the bottom can fall out fast. But he's on a heater right now, and you guys know I love TJ McConnell. So I give him the sort of wink, wink, nod, nod. Do it if you feel like it. Though, again, with the number of guys popping up right now that are set to play 30 minutes that, didn't yesterday oh, hey. Yeah. Good point, chat room. I skipped the Pelicans. We'll come back to that one in just one sec. Sorry, guys. The Pacers, I think you just you'd keep it at Halliburton, Siakam, Miles Turner are the obvious ones, and then McConnell, probably stat hunting a little bit. If you need assist steals and field goal percent, that's probably a safer way to put it. If you need everything, it'd be a little dangerous. Let's talk Mavs, and then we'll scroll back up to Pelicans. My bad, everybody. Daniel Gafford, 16 and 10 with a steal on 3 blocks. Derek Lively had some early foul issues. He also was just kinda bad. Maxi Kliba also had some foul issues, was also kinda bad. Of course, the problem here is that all 3 of those guys played 15 minutes or more. That's annoying. But this is what Gafford can do if you just give the poor guy 20 minutes. Daniel Gafford can get inside the top 100 in 20 minutes. In 28 minutes as we saw earlier, that was 26 and a half minutes, he was top 35. He doesn't need we don't need 30 minutes. We need, like, 22. This is why it's so hard for me to drop Gafford. And I did. I admit. I dropped him in 1 not everywhere. A couple like, half of the teams where I had him. Basically, they had to head spots because I just you couldn't sit on a guy doing nothing. Roto, I just stick him on a bench. That's the easier call there. But, I mean, like, can we make the pivot here yet, Dallas? Dallas is searching for defense right now. That's been that was the talk during all the postgame stuff. They are basically unable to guard anyone at the moment. And so if if one of these guys can somehow separate themselves on that side of the floor, that's how they get there. I think you almost have no choice, at least on the Roto side, but to keep Gafford on your bench until the end of time because it just, again, doesn't take that much to get him there. Head to head, I get it. Like, you it's impossible. And then And then PJ Washington is on a heater these days. Guys go on a hot run. Sometimes it's a week. Sometimes it's 2. Sometimes it's a month. Sometimes it's one game. I think Washington's heater is about 4 games now, if I'm remembering right. I'm sure we could look it up fast, but I don't really care to. He's a guy you can stream when he's hot, if you like. I continue to be very skeptical of ride the heater type of streams, but I get it. If you guys are frankly, look, I play a relatively conservative style of fantasy basketball, but that doesn't mean that you have to also. If you guys wanna take the plunge, see what happens, screw it. Have at it. But, you know, they say, well, what are you doing, Dan? I avoid situations like that for the most part because I feel pretty confident that I'm going to play them on the wrong day. Just the way it goes. For the Pelicans, Trey Murphy is on a heater for the ages when it's funny for me to say I don't like playing guys that are on heaters, but you you got no choice here. And the nice part about Murphy was this ends up being sort of like a streamer with benefits because McCollum went down. Murphy used that opportunity to get into the starting 5, get his rhythm, and now he's carried it over into his bench role again. Play him until the wheels come off. How many threes does Murphy have over the last was it 4, 5 games now? I gotta look this up. I shoulda had this ready to go, but screw it. You guys can wait 6 seconds while I look it up. He's gone completely buck wild. Trey Murphy has 24 3 pointers in his last 4 ball games. Whoo. And that's with the 2 for in there at Indiana. He went, that was a bad shooting game, although he had 7 assists that one. He's on an absolutely insane run over his last 4. You could even call it 5 ball games. And if you wanna go back to the McCollum absence, he's been on a really strong run for about the last two and a half weeks or so. And so, again, you just play him until it all comes apart, but he is volcanic level hot right now. Volcanic. 65% this last ballgame with 10 3 pointers. 57% the previous day with 6 previous game rather. 2 games before that, 9 out of 14 shooting with 6 3 pointers. And by the way, when he can space space the floor, the Pelicans are a pretty formidable team. And then when he cools off, it's kind of amazing actually how much the Pells rely on Trey Murphy to space the floor and Herb Jones these days. Okay. So that was your Pelicans report, which is basically just keep playing, guys, until until it doesn't work anymore. And then Phoenix and Denver, that was the last one, went into overtime. Grayson Allen finally bounced back. Oh, man, was he overdue. He had been on a really rough run for 2 weeks, but a great season for Allen overall. So you hold him as long as you possibly can, and this certainly evens things out. Royce O'Neil is also a hold in my eyes. I mean, 39 minutes in overtime, 34 in regulation is typically enough for him. O'Neil's a guy where you can get him to about 32 minutes, then he's a startable fantasy guy. Usually gets a steal or a block mixed in there. Just kinda weird that he didn't in this ballgame. But if you I mean, like, this is a game where if he he shot 3 out of 9. If he shoots if he shoots 4 for 9 and it's a 3 pointer, then you're like, oh, sweet ballgame. The difference between feeling like you got a good game out of O'Neal here and you didn't was 1 3 ball in here or probably one defensive stat. That to me is an easy hold call until Booker comes back. And you guys know I hate Eric Gordon's fantasy game. I hate it. Said it 15 times this season and probably a 100 in the existence of this show. And then with Denver, KCP, back in there, he had a nice ballgame. He's been he's KCP, by the way, is very much a member of the Doesn't Matter Club. Sometimes he's okay. Sometimes he's not. The end of it all, doesn't matter. I'm sure the Lakers are looking at this ball game and going, come on, Michael Porter. What gives? After a perfect 10 for 10 night, Porter goes 8 for 18. And Jokic was cold in this one too. I do wonder. And did Denver play somebody in between? No. They had 2 days off after that Laker game. This sort of felt a little bit like a letdown. They got the Lakers not that Phoenix isn't a team you get up for, but they got the Lakers and Boston on either side of it. I don't know. Maybe I'm maybe I'm talking out of my rectum. Yep. Got to say rectum on today's episode. And, that's your program today, ladies and gentlemen. That's your recap. I again, I have no idea how this happened, but we nailed some sort of Twitter Twitter thing today. And there's, like, 500 people watching live on social media, which is super rad. I hope you guys will like the tweet again that brought you to this. Please follow on Twitter at Danvers. And if you have a moment, you know, we do stuff on other things that don't that doesn't go out on social media. So please check the show description somehow or check, you know, my pinned tweet or something like that, whatever is the easiest way to do it. A link to our sports ethos Discord is in there. Links to our sponsors like manscaped.com. You can use promo code ethos 20 over there to get 20% off and free shipping on some amazing products atmanscaped.com. But more than anything, I just wanna make sure you guys come back. Please come back. That's the biggest thing here because that's how we grow this motorboat. We turn it into a what's bigger, a motorboat or a schooner? I don't know anything about water. I don't know what's crap about aquatic stuff. The closest thing I've ever come to, learning about maritime affairs is that I was a, an SAT tutor right after I graduated from college, and I tutored this this, this girl who lived in Pacific Heights in San Francisco. And for those that haven't been there, it's expensive, and their house was, a square. It It almost looked like an apartment complex with an atrium in the middle. And if you went out because they were on the top of Pacific Heights, so one side of their home faced, the Golden Gate Bridge, faced north. In that room was just, like, maritime artifacts, and that's when I knew I was in an expensive home. It was just, like, who has a room for a bleeping, like, boat steering wheel? Also in that room, a secret door. Pull out a book from the shelf, and it swung open to reveal a a wet bar. Before they had all their liquor stored behind that wall. That was freaking sweet. I wanna live in a house with a secret door. Make that those big fantasy bucks, baby. Anyway, to everyone who's watching, I love you all. I appreciate you all. Please like, rate, subscribe, however you're taking in the podcast. It is very much appreciated. Quick check of the chat room here before we sign off for our morning show. I do think we'll probably hold off on the schedule streaming episode until the early afternoon Pacific time. We'll wait on, some of the injury reports to come out. That's a good way to to at least better know who we can drop into our lineup, because today is an 8 game day. There's, like, there's a decent amount going on. I don't wanna guess at who we can stream. I'd rather have a pretty good idea about it. But let's see what we got here. Do we think Kelly Olynyk has a better game versus the Suns, or should I lock in his performance last night? Oh, I didn't know that. Oh, it's a lock league. Whoo. You know what? I'm gonna say the Suns. I think he does better against the Suns, because I think that game ends up more competitive. I think Phoenix has a little bit of a letdown. They got Denver, Toronto, and then they've got Boston. So Boston's dealing with all these teams at the same time. Toronto feels like the game where Phoenix kind of coasts a little, and that's gonna allow a guy like Olenek to to chow down. I got I did get a shout out in the chat room for saying one in Hebrew. Do I think bench pool is an actual improvement? Not only do I think it, but the numbers very much bear it out. He's actually, for the first time all year, actually been startable for more than a 2 game span. Since the all star break, Jordan Poole's top 70 in his bench role. Yeah. It's crazy. About 24 points a game, 3a half, 3 pointers, field goal percent still at 43, but, I mean, whatever. Like, he's actually finally doing some volume stuff. It's go time, man. Bench pool is very much a go. All about it. Let's see here. Can you rate my team? Not live on a show. Sorry about that. You can maybe throw it in the YouTube comment section. I can try to take a look at it there. Can we roast Paul Reed on this ball game too? Yeah. He's dunk. I think they're both schedule plays, those centers out there. Dan, my man. Hey. What up, Coles? I'm, closing in on back to back regular season championships, playing the 2nd place team up 2 and a half games. Thank you once again. You are welcome, my dude. Old man squad forever. Would you drop Reed or wreath for Drummond? I would probably drop Reed. It seems like at points league, I think, Reed probably does a little bit more here in the short term. You know, neither one of those guys is all that exciting to me, and then Chicago has a really good schedule here. But, again, this question probably fits our later show a little bit more. Yeah. Manila says, come on into the Discord. We don't bite. That's a good way to that's a good way to call it. No biting in Discord. That's our rule for sports ethos. Again, that link is in the show description if you're watching on YouTube or listening after the fact on traditional pod channels. If you're over on Twitter, that link is in my pinned tweet for, I don't know, however long, which also, by the way, has links to all the different ways to get this show. So, again, huge shout out to I have no idea where all of you came from over on the Twitter side, but it's super super cool to have you here. I guess that's it. I was trying to keep this thing going as long as I could just to enjoy this crazy moment. Anthony Simons or Cade Cunningham? I'll go Kade on that one. Alright. Back in probably about 2 and a half hours with our scheduled show. We're going 2 first, baby. We'll do another one tomorrow and then just one show on Friday. That'll be it for this one. I'll talk to you guys over on social or Discord. Later.