Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. What's happening, everybody? Big show today here on this lovely Tuesday morning, March 26th, 2024. I think today actually is the 20 year anniversary of when my wife and I decided to, consider ourselves a couple. It was March 26, 2004. Holy mackerel. That's a long time ago now. Old man best reset your service here. Hope you guys are having a nice day. Hope the, beginning of your week got off to an excellent start yesterday. Hope your fantasy teams had, good statistical performances. For today, we will be recapping the, pretty damn large Monday card. I think it was an 11 gamer yesterday, so, near overflow level, maybe, kinda, sorta. But, also, we have a special guest, and I get to try out a new technology that I haven't done before, previously recorded video. Yes. Indeed. This is a thing, I'm told, that you can actually record video in advance and then, and then play it later in life. This is a thing that you can do. Someone called me from the 19 forties. We're talking to Ryan Ward coming up here in just a matter of seconds. Lakers expert at, Lakers nation, also the host of the Jello Jigglin' podcast. It's a Chick Hearn reference for anybody who doesn't get it. And, you immediately all disappointed me if you didn't get that. Basically, Ryan and I are gonna get into what's going on with the Lakers. Are there gonna be any rotation changes? Are guys coming back? Because remember, Jared Vanderbilt was a fantasy play before he hurt his foot again. So we'll dig into that, and, then we'll come shooting out the opposite end, and we'll do a quick recap on yesterday's big 11 game card. All that said, welcome to the show. Fantasy NBA Today is a sportsethos.com presentation. I am at Dan Vesperos over on Twitter. I hope you guys will find me over there. And, again, I like to do these shows as if there is one person watching or listening for the very first time. So if you're new, welcome aboard. You came in just in time for us to break down all sorts of stuff, but also just in time for me to remind you that we're doing 2 shows a day right now. This one, which is the recap show, and then slightly later, sometimes immediately following, a streaming show that focuses exclusively on how to utilize your head to head moves for the week to try to win that playoff battle. So without further ado, we have a lot going on today. I wanna see if I can pull this off. Here is my prerecorded interview with the great Ryan Ward. Alright. With the preface that I don't know how this technology is gonna work today, I am trying for the first time to record a video segment and then place it into a different podcast. Audio listeners, you guys are never gonna know any different, because this that's easy for me. But I'm very excited to try it. And more than anything, I'm just excited to talk to our guest today. Ryan Ward, host of the Jell O Jigglin' podcast and, of course, a reporter at Lakers Nation covering the Lakers. Ryan, what's going on, man? First of all, love the Chick Hearn reference as a play by play guy. Any Chick or Vince Scully reference, I'm I I will drink to that. How are you? I'm good, man. I'm good. Just waiting for the end of this, disaster season. Well, we don't know when the end's gonna be. Do you before we get into, like, the nitty gritty of Lakers stuff, what do you think they do at when this I mean, they're they're a play in team. We know that much. But Right now. Yeah. Yeah. You think you think Houston's gonna catch him? I don't know, man. I it's stranger things have happened, and they keep it's like I call them the Jekyll and Hyde Lakers because you just don't know what the hell you're gonna get from night to night. Right? It's like, one night, they play amazing basketball. The next, it's like they forgot how to play defense completely. Yeah. I was, I was at the, the thunder game where LeBron no. It was that one after he scored 40,000 against Denver. Right? And then they won the next one against the Thunder. And they Yeah. Yeah. They were guarding people for, like, the last 46 minutes of that ballgame. It was astounding. And then it just then it's just gone the next night. I I it's you know what it's like? It's like, this is gonna sound so bad. No. Now you gotta do it. Well, like, you're a father of how many kids? 2 2 children. Yeah. God help me. It's 2 kids. Right? So it's like, you know, trying to teach kids. Right? And they get it one day, and the next day, they completely forget everything. Yes. And there's no logical explanation as to, like, wait. Didn't you do it this way yesterday? Like, what did something happen? Did you get did did your brother climb into your bed and hit you in the head in the middle of the night and it's just gone? Which possible. You know? I don't listen. I don't know what's going on. They make they make basketball look like golf sometimes. Like, just extremely difficult to play. I'm like, it's a game. Like, come on. Defense is not that hard. Well, that's actually a great segue to my first question, which is, is the only way to save the defense to get any of these injured players back? And you read the tea leaves more than I do. Are any of these guys coming back? Because, like, CBS had a report earlier this week that they weren't, and then Yeah. The Lakers were, like, no no no no no. That's that's premature. What's what is reality at this point? Well, it could just be the Lakers being like, oh, no. No. No. No. No. They they might come back just just to keep you watching. Right? Yeah. But we yeah. It's it's it's it seems like every week it's a different report saying that they're done for the year. Oh, there's a chance he can get their doing on court work blah blah blah. It's just I never win Bando went down the last time and I'm like, that's it. He's done, right? It just he's there's no time to get him back and then get him a 100%. You know? And I think he's, like, the heart of the defense outside of Anthony Anthony Davis. Right? If you have those 2 together, healthy playing a 100%, then it changes everything. But if it's just leaning on a a d all the time, they're just not good defensively. Yeah. You know? And Like, at that point, you're you're leaving Anthony Davis on an island. So Right. And then you get to all the stuff that everybody's been complaining about, which is, like, why do they give up so many threes one day and then open rim runs the next day? It's because it's, like, well, Anthony Davis can only cover 1 or the other. Someone else has to do something. They And they they don't have great on ball defenders. Right. They just have a really good guy in the paint. That's it. I mean, LeBron used to be that guy, but he's not anymore. No. And I feel him because I'm a year older than LeBron, and I can't I can't move laterally at all. Yeah. You don't you don't spend that, what, a $1,500,000 on That's what you think. Yeah. I spent I spent 0. How much did this yoga mat cost? I spent $22 on my my body this year. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean and and there's state there's Cam Reddish who has flashes of good defense, but he's he can't stay healthy. I think he's returning tomorrow, finally, but I I don't think that moves the needle at all. You know, he he's not a game changer. No. Because he can't even he can't catch passes on offense, so you sort of need, like But he can't finish at the rim, which is amazing to me as an NBA player. You know? Yeah. So is anything I guess the big the big looming question is, does anything change for this team over the final 3 and change weeks of the regular season? I know folks that are watching my show are, like, well, how does that sort of connect to Fantasy? The question is, if there's a change, could someone else emerge? But it really sounds like it comes down to whether or not they're being truthful on Vanderbilt and or Gabe Vincent, and you sound skeptical. Am I am I am I reading between the lines? Well, because I know I've been covering this tape for a long time, and I know the kind of BS that they throw out there just to keep people interested. Like, they probably know it forever that, you know, Vanda is not coming back or Gabe's not coming back. But I did was it Gabe? Was it yesterday or the day before? There's a report that came out that Gabe Vincent is intent on playing a game again before the, you know, regular season ends. And if I were him, you know, that's a smart move by him because the fan base hates him already just because he's not on the floor. Yeah. We're feeling those Kendrick Nunn vibes again, I think. Exactly, dude. They're comparing and it's like the same damn thing. He'll comes from the heat and then just everything falls apart on his body. Yeah. Which is terrible because I I think that guy's a good dude and I think he'd really help the team if he was healthy, but he just just bad string of luck, you know? But that seems to happen with the Lakers every year in the in this LeBron era. It's like they lose 2, 3 guys consistently throughout the whole year. Right? And for the first time in a while, it's not AD or LeBron getting Yeah. Yeah. It's everybody else. Which I guess I mean, like, I sorry to jump in. I guess that's good news because if it was one of those 2 guys, they'd probably be 6 games under 500. Oh, man. Who knows? Or worse. How bad they would be. Like, at least sorry. Go ahead. From a fantasy from a fantasy perspective, AD's probably pretty up there. Right? He kinda checks a lot of Yeah. Top 3, which is pretty pretty awesome to see him Wow. Upright this year. Like, overall? Overall. Yeah. Because he's actually like, he's he's number 4 on a per game basis, because Joel Embiid is up in that that top group, but he obviously hasn't played in a while. Right. And so you move him out, and Anthony Davis is the number 4 player in Fantasy because he's met he he's missed only what? Like, 5, 6% of the game so far? That's amazing for him. Yeah. Not many. Not many. Yeah. It's pretty remarkable. That's incredible. And how bad have the Lakers been in the games he's missed? I yeah. It's it's it's so unfortunate. You know? It's like you finally get what you want, but you still don't get what you want ultimately. Right? Like, the overall picture is just still blurry. I I don't I'm I'm so I think I speak for all Lakers fans when I say I'm over this. I'm over this. You know? I I would prefer them just to blow it up and start from scratch. Well, you know it. I This is what it's gonna be. This is it. It's not gonna get any better. And if they go and trade for, say, Trae Young, which is what I would think they're gonna do in the summer, I don't see that being a real game changer either. Let's talk about that actually. What happens winning player. How does that how does that trade if it could happen, how does it materialize? Because I admit I don't know anything about how the trade machine works. Who would they have to give up? What does that team end up looking like? I'm sure they have to do up quite a bit. You know, like, Austin Reeves, D'Angelo. I mean, quite a bit. Then that's the that's the thing. They're gonna gut their depth for another star. And it's like, that didn't work with Westbrook, and you're gonna bring in another guy who demands has to have the ball in his hands the whole time. He's a good he's a great player, but I don't I don't think he's a winning player. Right? He's been in Atlanta for how long now, and they've been the exact same team ever since he got there. Yeah. I don't know if there's ever been a team that's more consistently middle of the road than than Right? But it's, like, it's that same kind of like, some of these guys have a high floor and a low ceiling. And if you're comfortable with that, okay. But, historically, Lakers fans are not comfortable with that. No. Well, Lakers fans are never comfortable with that anyway. Good good point. There's always there's always something to complain about. But I guess that's what happens when you win 17 titles. Right? Yeah. Become a bit bit entitled. You you I'm sure. Celtics fans are the same, and other big markets are the same. New York, I I couldn't imagine covering New York. Man. I mean, they're finally looking up, but damn. How many years of just despair? Yeah. It's gonna be rough. Talking to Ryan Ward LA on Twitter at Ryan Ward LA. Again, host of the Jell O Jigglin' podcast on the Believe network. Okay. So, unfortunately, the news I think is nothing is probably changing. Let's talk just for a second about D'Angelo Russell before we wrap things up. He has been, both from a reality and a fantasy standpoint, a pretty exciting and really nice surprise this year. And I personally and and everybody that watches my show, they know I'm sort of, like, a pragmatic Laker fan. I don't go draft them in fantasies sports, unless I think there's a value to be had there. And d Lo ended up being 1, and I've kind of fallen in love with the dude. His post game interviews are great. He's, like, the most chill, guy to to hear. Nothing nothing bothers him anymore. Have you sort of become a a a D'Lo fan like I have over the last year? Yeah. Because I covered him when he came to Lakers the first time, and that was rough to say the least. I mean, I'm surprised Kobe didn't get on him as much as I thought he would. But that last season, Kobe's last season, he just he got tore into, and the year after just got worse with the whole Nick Young thing. And his immaturity was so obvious and so bad, especially in the locker room. It's like I I told this story recently where I said, like, I remember one night I was in the locker room and, we're all headed around dealer's locker at the end. Like, you know, most of the guys have left. And, he's, like, laughing and giggling, telling the same kinda, like, stupid joke over and over again to try and get a laugh, and it's just crickets. Right? Nope. No player. No reporter. No nothing wanted to give him anything. Right? Ouch. And I'm like, this and I was thinking to myself, this guy's done. He is done. The second that they can trade him, he's out. Right? Sure enough, that's exactly what Magic Johnson did the second that the season was over. Out. But Brooklyn nets for Brook Lopez and a pick that turned out to be Kyle Kuzma. But I I never thought he would change. I just thought he was just gonna be this cocky kid with no self awareness for the rest of his career. And then he comes back, and he's a completely different guy. It's like he just got humbled, in you know, where was he? Brooklyn, Golden State, and then Minnesota. Minnesota. Yeah. I mean, that's that's gotta humble you. Right? And just age. You know? Sometimes you just have to be older. Yeah. And he's got a kid now and a wife and all that. So it's he's just it's completely different guy. And you could just tell from the way what he says in press conferences now. He's an intelligent kid. Yeah. And he just he channels all that negative energy into playing on the on the court, and you could see it. It's so obvious. So I've I've I've been loving it. He's been saying the right things. He's gotten the respect of AD and and LeBron and the rest of the guys. So I think he's got a bright future in LA as long as he doesn't flame out in the playoffs. Because you know in LA, like, Yeah. All it takes all it takes is a week of really bad basketball, and you're back in dog house. Right? Yeah. It's it it can be rough. Do you think he wants to well, I you know, he's got what? The the player option on next year? Do you think he's do you think that's something he considers, or do you think he's gonna go try to get a a bigger contract? The way he's played lately, I feel like he's looking for something bigger. Oh, yeah. I think he'll he'll do just what LeBron's gonna do, opt out and look for a long term deal. Right? Look to get paid. And it just depends on I I think the laker situation's so 5050 with everything. Right? Like Oh, yeah. Because you just talked about with the Trae Young stuff too that had to that would play a role. Like, if that it probably hinges on that. If they get Trae Young, they bring the band back together and probably let Dilo walk. Right? But if they don't, then who knows? Literally, who knows? What a terrifying hellscape, Brian. Oh, it's bad. I mean, it's it's bad. It's bad, but good, man. Because I do feel like it's time for a change. Because we're we're beating the dead horse here. Like, this it's the same results every year. And everybody keeps going back, oh, the bubble championship looks like, man, that was 2020. Yeah. Can you believe it's been that long? I know. It is kind of crazy. But it's been the same results every year since then. And all I keep hearing is just wait till we get healthy. It's like you this is it, man. This is this is what you got. This is what you gotta do with it. And if you can't do it now, it's not gonna happen. Yeah. So it's like it's but the thing is, LeBron brings in so much money. Right? It's just like Kobe getting his career, brings in so much money that it kinda business sense. It kinda makes sense to resign him just to keep making that money. Of course. Of course. But you're gonna piss everybody off because you're not gonna do anything different. You know, it's just gonna be the same results. And I think LeBron's lost a lot of Lakers fans recently just because he's not really moving the needle that much. Yeah. It's crazy to think that somebody putting up those numbers is isn't really moving the needle that much. But yeah. I mean, I think Doris Burke on a recent broadcast, and then we'll, let you get back to your day a little bit here. I think she said something like and it was the most broadcaster y, super kind way of putting it. She was, like, I think I think that the quote was, LeBron is the 3rd most steps efficient player in the she said something like that, and I was, like, oh, she basically said that he moves the least the bottom 3 in, like, terms of actual movement on a basketball court. But that's the thing. Like, that's that's how you have to play when you're 39 years old. He's an android to be able to do the things he's still doing, but he can't chase guys on defense every night. That's just it's not feasible. But you know what? Damn it. I'm gonna keep watching, and I'm gonna keep hoping for more fantasy value to squeeze out of these guys. Ryan, thank you so much, my man. I appreciate it. I've this is really exciting. I I'd been following you for a long time. It's really cool to get you on the show. Yeah. No problem, man. I I enjoy it. Do do do it whenever you wanna do it, man. I'm down. And we shall because as we all know, Lakers playoffs and off season are also, generally somewhat interesting. He is at Ryan Ward LA on social media, host of the Jello Jiglin podcast Lakers show on the Believe Network. Ryan, thanks so much, my man. I'll talk to you soon. No prob. Okay. So that was awesome. Big thank you to Ryan Ward. We taped that on Friday. I have to say, not only am I excited that, I was able to talk to Ryan because, again, I've been you guys know I'm a Laker fan, so I've been following Ryan, Harrison, these guys for forever. So very cool to get him on the podcast. But also, I'm excited about the fact that I mean, you guys listening on the audio side right now. After the fact, you're, like, what do you what do you guys sell it? Like, you've been putting these clips of guys into shows for years. That's the first time this episode is the first time I've ever taped it on the video side and been able to drop it into the video playback pretty seamlessly, other than the only seam probably being me, saying, here we go, guys. Let's see if this crap works. Alright. Let's get into what went on yesterday. How do I how do I get the new frame up here? This this is where this is where the seams come in. There we go. Boom. Seam free. This is our recap part of the show. Charlotte, Cleveland. Cavaliers, nice easy win over a tanking team, and Evan Mobley looking more like himself as well. As far as Charlotte goes and again, quick preface here. We're not gonna be breaking down schedules per se on this part of the of, you know, this one of our 2 episodes. You know, I might mention them in passing, you know, say something like, oh, well, Charlotte and Cleveland, they play every other day this week. But, specifically, we're not gonna be doing, oh, this is a guy you add for schedule. This is a guy you don't. I'm gonna do my best to try to cover as many bases as I can, but these recap shows are really geared more towards guys that you can just sort of have on your team. Who's gonna be good enough on a given night to use against a Roto games cap, and then there's that cutoff because a guy with a good head to head schedule doesn't need to be as good each night as someone who doesn't. But against the games cap, you're getting per game rank. That's what matters there. Okay. So for Charlotte, Vasilya Midsich, she's cooled off here over the last 3 or 4 ball games. I do think that some of it is just kind of, like, alright. He's played in a couple weeks in a row of decent minute NBA games, and it's catching up with him. And there will be a dip, and there will be a surge and dip and surge and all that stuff for young guys that are still kind of figuring out the game. I don't think you need to use him against the games cap right now. Trey Mann, similar story, actually. I don't because of the holes in his Fantasy game, I don't know that he's a he's definitely a play against the Roto games cap. But we're also at that part of the year, and this applies to all the teams as we go through them. We're at that part of the season now where specialist appeal is makes sense. And so, like, Trey Mann gives you kind of guard wing eligibility and threes, boards, and assists, which is kind of an interesting weird little combo, you're not gonna get it well, you'll usually get some steals out of it. His his steals have been okay since he, moved over to Charlotte, but you'll probably gonna have relatively high turnovers. You're gonna have not a great field goal percent. He's not gonna score a ton. And so you kinda say, okay. What are these things that my team needs? Similarly, with a guy like Nick Richards, who, you know, wasn't very good in this one and the cavaliers frontcourt defensively is awesome. So you that was kind of easy to see coming. Do you need rebounds and field goal percent? Okay. That's where we're at with most of these guys. As far as games cap, who would I use against a games cap? Again, you know, some of it is that specialist level stuff, but probably you're looking at Miller, Bridges, you know, again, Richards, if you need big man stats and then Mann though both those guys to me, Richards and Trey Mann, are probably gonna sit between a 100a150, the what we call the doesn't matter group. But now the doesn't matter group maybe does if you need the stats that elevate them to that level, if that makes sense. Where Mitcic, I don't know that he's gonna be good enough to get to that zone. I think he's now fallen back. I think he probably ends up outside the top 140, 150. So probably not a guy that needs to be rostered in all formats anymore. With Evan Mobley back, and we had the blowout here, and Mobley's minutes are sort of slowly trending back up. Not that slowly, I guess. The question that I had coming into this game was, will Caris LeVert still hold value even with Mobley back and Donovan Mitchell still out? And I'm leaning towards a very soft yes, like, the ultimate softest. If you're like, Dan, what are the odds that Caris LeVert is good between now and when Donovan Mitchell comes back? I'd say 5149 towards yes. Barely above a coin flip. And you saw it in this ballgame. 7 points, 7 boards, 7 assists. He went full slot machine, bought a steal, 2 blocks, and a 3 pointer, bad field goal percent, high turnovers. Will the good outweigh the bad on any given night? And I think, generally, the answer is gonna be, yeah, but it's very much not a guarantee. And then George Niang had 5 3 pointers off the bench, but only 25 minutes. That's not gonna be enough for him long term, so I don't think you need to worry about Niang anymore as well. Boston, choke going away late in this ball game. It doesn't really matter. Everybody's freaking out about the Celtics. The Celtics are in full don't give a you know what. They have a 10 and a half game lead on the Bucks for the best record in the Eastern Conference, and I think they have a 6 game lead over anybody for best record in the NBA. So no one's passing Boston. The only thing that's happening here is that if they lose a couple of ball games, they are not gonna have an 80% win clip this year. Oh, no. The good news from a fantasy standpoint is that because Derrick White is getting some time off and Drew Holiday is nursing a a injured shoulder, you're getting these nice Peyton Pritchard and Sam Houser games, and you're getting Al Horford games. Basically, anytime they don't have a back to back. So Horford's been great. Pritchard's been solid. Houser's been solid. You can pretty much play those guys in all formats, and Boston has a couple of games on low tide days this week as well. So, you know, at least there's something that comes of it. Now, you know, head to head folks, your guys are sitting out there going, what the hell am I gonna do with these dudes? Boston's become incredibly complicated on the head to head side. Although you figure if their guys are healthy, they'll play now because they don't have any back to back for, like, 2 2 weeks here, which also tells you Derrick White and Jrue Holiday are probably not fully healthy. Yeesh. I know. You gotta drop guys if you're getting zeros. Sucks, but you kinda have no choice. For Atlanta, had a better ballgame here. Finally took a few shots. I'm not buying in on it yet, especially with Jalen Johnson hopefully back by the end of the week. I guess we'll see. Kretchie hasn't really been willing to get involved on a game to game basis, and so one good one, I I just can't be like, oh, yeah. I guess he's he's he's in now. Hunter, bogey, Capella, Murray, those are the 4 hawks you can play against the game's cap. They have a good schedule this week, so that's why some of these other guys are gonna be on rosters. But for Roto, those 4, and that is that. Detroit, they're down Cade Cunningham, and I do wonder if that's the season for Cade. They haven't said it yet, but it's starting to feel that way. Jalen Duran also out. So Detroit really cut down to their prime. No Duran, no Cade, no Azzar Thompson, no Isaiah Stewart. 4 starters down. Jaden Ivey, the only starter left, which means there should be some kind of fantasy value. Has there been yet? Not really. Jaden Ivey's usually good enough. Now he shot so horribly here that he blew that up, but, usually, he's good enough when Kate Cunningham's out to use in all formats. We know when Kate is in, he's more of a points league only guy. But, typically, that sort of scale of point league justice, like, is there gonna be enough stuff to counterbalance the bad? And when he's got the ball in his hands most of the ball game, the answer is usually yes. Not so much in this one, but I would I would play Jaden Ivey going forward. I would probably play James Wiseman. There isn't much in the way of upside for Wiseman, but he's gonna get you some points and boards on a decent field goal percent. And if you luck into a block or a steal per game, call that gravy, and then you just pray he doesn't go to the free throw line, but probably gonna be enough. If he's playing 30 minutes, that'll be enough big man stats. Kind of in the Nick Richards mold, frankly. Better scorer, worse defensive stat. Marcus Sasser had 24 and 6. That's something to keep an eye on. Malachi Flynn had 14, 4, and 3 with 2 steals and a block. That's something to keep an eye on. And Chamese May 2 had, 3 more defensive stats, but only 17 minutes in this one after he played 35 to 40 in the previous ballgame. Those are the guys I would keep my eye on for Detroit if indeed they're going into even deeper shutdown here at the end of the season. And you can keep one eye on Evan Fournier as well, but I think, you know, you start with the starters, Ivy Wiseman. Could Sasser lock in a bigger role like this? It feels a little coin flippy, but if he starts to I mean, he took 18 shots, led the team in field goal percent and or, not field goal percent, field goal attempts and free throw attempts in this ballgame, so the usage was very large for him. If that's something that Sasser starts to do here, if it's like, okay. You got 2 and a half weeks to play for a contract or whatever to play for more playing time next year. You never know what guys can do in spots like this. This may just be the Marcus Sasser run. So I'd say keep a very close watch on Detroit. They play again tomorrow. They have a bad schedule this week for head to headers. But if Sasser gets that start again tomorrow and continues to take, you know, a shot every other minute he's on the court, then he'd definitely be an add. But I think we can watch for one more day. No real surprises out of New York. Deuce, 43 more minutes for McBride. Achua actually had 9 and 16 and 26 minutes, and you might be tempted to try to do something with it, but I wouldn't. This game was over early. That allowed them to keep Hartenstein at 24 minutes instead of 26. That meant a few extra for Achua. It's funny that these starters' minutes are the blowout level starters' minutes for the Knicks with Divincenzo scoring 40 in 41 minutes. Brunson was the only guy in the starter unit where Tibbs was like, alright. Alright. This game's over. Come on. On. Get out. Get out. Stop it. But Josh Hart still played 40, McBride, 43. Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous, but it does make it very easy to start the starters. Brooklyn got a win. I don't think anybody cares at this point. They're 5 and a half games back at the hawks for the final play in spot. Brooklyn got a win without Cam Thomas and without Cam Johnson. This is a team the nets are a team I think we should be extremely aware of possible shutdowns. And I know that they, like, they don't have their pick, and there's no reason for them to pull the plug completely. But if there are guys on this team that are just sort of tired of a long bad season, maybe they just get some time off. And so what you saw here and I listen. I don't know what the the legitimacy of the injuries to Johnson or Cam Thomas. I think Cam Johnson, he got ruled out for a couple of games already, so his appears to be quite real. There are opportunities for other guys to step up, and we've talked about this before. If Dorian Finney Smith gets up to 33, 34 minutes of ballgame, he becomes a very easy fantasy play. Dennis Schroeder now with the usage freed up by Cam Thomas being out becomes a play. Jalen Wilson got the start here, but, no, we're not gonna take the plunge on that front. Trenton Watford scored 19 off the bench. You're not doing anything there. Mikael Bridges continues to be truly terrible this season. I mean and, you know, Nick Claxton, 9 and 16, what if he gets some time off? Basically, just like with Brooklyn, we're gonna have to be aware on a day to day basis who's in, who's out, but it may free up an opportunity for a little fantasy value. In the short term, I don't really think you can do much. They play tomorrow. We don't know who's in and who's out. Cam Thomas being the big one there. If Cam Thomas is in, I don't think I touched any Schroder outside of if I'm sort of hunting points and assists, but he's not good enough in the other stuff. If Cam Thomas is out again, you could play Schroder in that one. If both cams are out, you could probably play Doreen Finney Smith against the game's cap. What if someone else gets a day off? We don't know. Can't do much about it until we know. Raptors loving to lose right now. Toronto's lost 11 consecutive ball games. They are falling like a boulder. Ochayabaji, not a bad defensive stats stream. I don't think I would use them against the game's cap, but, if you did, you'd probably get just enough. Kelly Olynyk outside of the turnovers, he's been pretty good. Gary Trent, scoring and hitting threes, some steals mixed in there. I think Olynyk and Trent, I think, are guys that you can use right now. Bruce Brown, schedule level. Grady Dick's schedule level. Abbaji, probably just above that, more of kind of that doesn't matter group. A schedule level for me is, like, more in that 130 to 200 range. Doesn't matter is more like a 100 to a 140, 150, so there's a little bit of overlap there. And then above a 100 is a guy you're playing everywhere. So on this team, in my opinion, Olinik and Trent are above. Ochai Baji is in that stream if you need his particular stats. And then Brown, Grady Dick, anybody else you wanna lump into that pile are the meh, get a better schedule kinda guys. Phoenix. Oh, dear. They've had trouble with the Spurs this season for whatever reason, and now the Suns have the hardest schedule in the NBA down the stretch, and they may have lost multiple players in this ballgame. Usof Nurkic left early with an ankle injury. Bradley Beal left late with a sprained finger. I don't know if they're gonna be in Phoenix's next ballgame. Suns do not have a good schedule this week. So if you're thinking about trying to squeeze a replacement player out, maybe think again. But if you're thinking games cap, Royce O'Neil probably now slides into a really interesting spot. When one of the main guys is out, he's been pretty good for Phoenix. So keep an eye on O'Neil. Probably and and, again, he's gonna need Beal to miss a ballgame for this to be a thing. But if Beal and Nurkic are both out, and you got Durant and Booker taking most of the shots, and then O'Neil gets to slot in and take a few, that's kind of all he needs. Because he, like Doreen Finney Smith, kinda similar fantasy appeal. If they get into that 32, 33, 34 minute range, which probably happens if Beal and Erk are out, then you're gonna get stuff. So Royce O'Neil, I wouldn't do anything with it today, but, you know, if you have to make a move a day in advance or something like that on the roto side, you can pick them up. And then hopefully, you get to use them tomorrow. Spurs know Wembley in this ballgame. Unclear if he'll be back for the next one because it's not like this was a back to back or something. He's actually dealing with a thing. Spurs have no reason to push him, but I know he wants to be out there. So there's that kind of, again, the balancing act going on. Jeremy Sohan had 18 rebounds here. This was, you know, big game, Jeremy, and I still don't trust him. You guys know that. But when Wendy's out, you tend to get pretty good games from Zach Collins. Keldon Johnson usually gets a bump when Wendy's out. Vassell always does. Trey Jones was not as good. I think probably better when he gets to pass to Wembanyama and he gets to be the point guard, but more Vassell and Sohan on ball means less of Trey Jones on ball. But you're holding Trey, you're holding Vassell. And then if Wembanyama misses another ballgame Roto side, I'm not playing Zohan and Johnson. I I'm too worried about what their percentages typically do. Roto, you could probably play Zach Collins. Starter's minutes, he's usually good enough. Not quite in this ballgame, but not too far off. The bad free throw shooting in the turnovers hurt a little bit. So Vassell, Trae Jones, Zach Collins on the roto side, head to head, obviously, you can lump a bunch more guys in. But then maybe Wenby's back, and then maybe none of this matters. So good thing we talked about it. Such is the plight of the end of the season where we just don't know who's in and who's out until 25 minutes before the ball game. And such is the case with the Portland Trail Blazers. No Anthony Simons, no Deandre Ayton on top of everybody else that's already been out. So you got a nice Dylan O'Bannon game in this one. 39 bench minutes. He took 21 shots. Tomani Kumar has actually had 2 good ones in a row. Duop Reef crapped the bed after a good one in his last one. Chris Murray was meh after he was okay in the previous ballgame, and then Scoot Henderson went back to being an an efficiency disaster after he had 1 or 2 decent ones mixed in there. And that's the rub with Portland is you've got 4 or 5 guys that are all stepping into these giant roles, but all of them have huge issues with their fantasy game for 9 Cat. Dan, who would you trust against a roto games cap in Portland's next ballgame if all the main guys are still out? The answer, if I needed some boards and some defensive stats, I'd probably go Kamara as my top choice. 2nd choice would be Banton, and I don't think I even have a 3rd choice. 3rd choice is probably Reath because he's unlikely to hurt you in a ton of stuff, but he also might not help you either. Reeth, Chris Murray are both in that kind of, like, won't hurt you, but also might not help you. Scoot is the if you dropped him in there, you're you're literally praying before the ball game that he just can shoot okay for a night. So that's just not one you could do. So Kamara Banton, those guys are probably 5050 plays for Roto, and then nobody else from from me is really all that close. Houston wins again. No Jabari Smith Junior. He was suspended. So Joc Landale was the sorta easy streamer call. He goes back to a bench role in their next ballgame. Jalen Green continues to light it up in the month of March. Bad shooting in this one, but who cares? You took 26 of them. Jalen Green, he's a play this month. Lord help us. He is very good in the month of March. Freddie VanVleet, Jalen Green, Ahman Thompson, and Jabari Smith junior are the everyday guys, and then you saw Landau with the fill in job here. Everybody's going nuts about Houston, but among their winning kick right now for the rockets and, admittedly, look, they're playing well. I get it. They won 9 games in a row. Not everybody can do that. They've also had one of the easiest 9 game scheduling runs that I've ever seen, which, of course, also means that they took a bunch of losses against better teams because you sort of if if you have a cake run, then that means you had a hard run somewhere else. But, I was just talking about this on a different podcast. Yes. They're playing better right now. That's good. But the Rockets' 9 game winning streak, we can just go backwards through it. Against the Blazers, tank team. Jazz, tank team. Bulls, I mean, okay. Fine. They beat, like, a similarly skilled team at home. Okay. That's fine. It's not, like, a great win, but it's fine. Wizards, tank team. Cavs without Donovan Mitchell and without Evan Mobley, so a game they should win. Wizards again. Spurs, tank team. Kings, that was, in my opinion, in this Rockets 9 game winning streak, the win over the Kings in Sacramento was their one win that I was like, that's a pretty good win. And before that, the tanking blazers. They also lost to the Clippers and beat the tanking Spurs right before that also. Before that, they split a a back to back with the Suns, but I think Alper and Shengwin was still healthy for that one if I'm not mistaken. In any event, the point of all it is, they beat the Kings. That was them beating 1 pretty good team. They beat the badly injured and slumping cavaliers, and they beat the meh Chicago Bulls. So one good win, 2 okay wins, and 6 wins over tanking teams on this 9 game win streak. That's what the end of the season can do. If you happen to run up against a good scheduling spot, yeah, kudos to the Rockets for taking advantage of it, but they're destroying teams that are not trying to win. They have 2 more games with the Jazz the rest of the way. How many games do the Rockets have left? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 remaining. 2 games with the Jazz over that stretch and one game with the Timberwolves. So still 3 games left against teams that are actively trying to lose, but the other 8 come against the Thunder, the Mavs, the Wolves, the Warriors, the Heat, the Mavs again, the Magic, and the Clippers on the very last day. And now you'll start to see, are the Rockets really playing a lot better, or did they happen to run up against the best two and a half week scheduling run of all time? I'm curious, actually. I think they are playing a tiny bit better, but I don't think it's as much better as it looks. They're about to get a little bit of a wake up call, although it's thunder and then it's right back to the Jazz again, and then the schedule gets more sort of consistently complicated. Wizards beat the Bulls. So if you're talking about Chicago being a good win for the Rockets, don't. No Kyle Kuzma. No Tyus Jones. Jordan Poole was still playing, so, you know, they got that going for him. No Denny Abdiya. This was the Wizards' like full plug pulling mode because they've accidentally won a couple of ball games lately. They're 5 and 5 in their last 10, and they're running a real risk of moving out of the bottom 3 in overall record. Don't do it, Washington. You've been terrible for so long. But, of course, the nice news is when all of those guys are out, that means you get Jordan Poole taking 20 shots, so he's an easy play. You get Rashaun Holmes still playing 31 minutes out of the center spot. He's a fantastic Fantasy player in starters minutes. And as, Corey Kispert has now apparently remembered how to shoot a free throw, Kispert is very much a play when Kuzma's out. That was always kinda the one to 1, and there was a stretch there where it looked like Kispert might be a play when other guys were out. But Kuzma was in, but that seems to have evaporated. But 19 points, 12 rebounds, 2 steals, 3 threes. If Kuzma remains out, then Kispert is a full go. What I am wondering about, couple of things here. 1 in particular, is there a Marvin Bagley, Rashaun Holmes timeshare on the way? Until it happens, keep playing Rashaun. But I do think it's a possibility. You're not picking up Patrick Baldwin. You're not picking up Johnny Davis. You are keeping one eye on Jared Butler. He had 13 assists, a couple steals, and a couple blocks in this ballgame. 27 bench minutes, which makes me look at it and go, is this something that's gonna repeat itself? I would love it if he got into the starting 5 consistently. So, you know, Johnny Day was probably have to be the guy that sat it out at that point. But if Jared Butler's gonna be a 30 minute starting point guard and just sort of shoveling passes to these other guys, then that would be a really interesting assist stream, but I need to see it again. The stuff I don't need to see again, keep going on Holmes, Kispert with Kuzma out, the other stuff. Yeah. You kinda wanna wait on that. Caruso came off the bench for Chicago, and, of course, he was a plus 8 in a game they lost. Same old, same old. Desumu was colder in this one, but the Bulls, no changes. I know Drummond had a double double, but I don't care. I know Tory Craig started, but I don't care. It's the same 5 guys, so we don't need to go into detail on that. Denver blew out the Grizzlies. Didn't need Jamal Murray to do it. Santi Aldama didn't score as much in this one. Still have no idea when he's gonna go take his shots. This game apparently was not gonna be one of those, but he blocked 4 shots. So keep rolling with Aldama. He's been hot lately from a fantasy standpoint. Jjj was very bad offensively, but he had 6 defensive stats, so good. Desmond Bane's a play when he's in. Those 3 guys are the obvious yeses. Gigi Jackson is someone that I I feel like I keep having to warn everybody about because we see the high scoring numbers, but then we are willing to overlook the fact that he doesn't rebound, pass, or get defensive stats, and he does it on a very bad field goal percent. I don't think that Gigi Jackson is a guy that sticks, and I know he's he had, like, a a 3 or 4 game super hot run-in there. So if you look at the last 7 games or the last, you know, or 7 days or last 14 days or something like that, the rank is gonna look pretty good. But that's with the sort of small sample size stuff blended in 2 or 3 gigantic games. And even with those, he's outside the top 100 over that stretch because of bad field goal, free throw has been weirdly down. He has, what, one steal every 3 games right now. That hurts you. Now that lands him in the doesn't matter group, which means if you need points, threes, generally free throw percent, then he's a start. So it's not that he doesn't belong on your lineup, but if you don't need those categories, then he definitely doesn't. If you do, then he does. That's what these doesn't matter guys have come to now late in the year. They are statistical or categorical specialists. I would love it if Scottie Pippen junior could carve out a more consistent role. I don't think it's happening. No Conchar in this game was a big reason why, and then Luke Kennard is still sort of MIA. But that's the story on the Grizzlies. For the Nuggets, yes. Reggie Jackson at 15 and 8. He and Dennis Schroeder pretty much share the same fantasy game. I I know that this is enough. In this game, it's enough. Typically, I prefer 2 guys to be out on the Nuggets before I take the Reggie Jackson plunge. But, again, filling in for Murray, he probably does get himself into that doesn't matter group. Probably more 130 to 150 range of it. But if you're hunting points and assists, Reggie Jackson could be your guy. If you want, like, a true top 109 cap play, probably not. But, again, this time of year, you're not really looking at, you know, do I want the 95th ranked guy for the versus the 100 and 30th ranked guy? You're looking at which dude, if it's head to head, you're looking at which dude plays a ton of ball games. And if it's roto, you're looking at which dude attacks the categories where you can gain points. Roto points, I should say. Dallas beat the tanking Jazz behind 7 defensive stats from world beater Daniel Gafford. I'm so glad. It took the Mavericks a few weeks to get it figured out, but I'm so damn glad that they finally figured out that Daniel Gafford is better than their other centers. And so Gafford right back into the 3rd round in per game value this year in 25 minutes of ballgame. Wow. What a massive win that's been. Don't care about Tim Hardaway having a better ballgame. I don't care about PJ Washington having a slightly better shooting game. Gafford, Luca, Kyrie, the only guys you're using against the game's cap. And, look, I mean, if your if your schedule is streaming, you've already done it. So, you know, we need we don't need to talk about that. For Utah, Larry Markkanen back and hammer blasting people again. It's been annoying because he probably got dropped in a bunch of spots just because nobody knew when the hell he was coming back, but, you know, he's good again. Markkanen, John Collins, Colin Sexton, Walker Kessler. I don't care that he only played 17 minutes. Walker Kessler's a play. And, Keontae George is sort of like your world's softest hold because efficiency has completely destroyed any shot he had here at consistent Fantasy value. That's the rub. I think Keontay can fall towards the back end of the doesn't matter group, you know, 140, 150, probably. And if he gets hot, then you can use him in all formats. But in the short term, he's really just an assists play and, with a sort of a nod to points as well, but there's so much wrong with his fantasy game. Don't say I didn't warn you guys because I did repeatedly over and over again. Philly, down down goes buddy Heeled. Down goes healed. That wasn't very good. Down goes healed. That was a little bit better. Buddy healed, hurt late in this ballgame. Ankle tweak. I don't know that it changes much. You probably get a little bit more Kyle Lowry offensively, but that's still probably not enough. Paul Reed still barely hanging on. Reed's kind of at the front end of the doesn't matter group these days too. Need rebounds and defensive stats? There you go. Tyrese Maxey and Kelly Oubre, who wasn't in there for this ballgame, are the 2 guys who can play for Philly on an everyday basis, and then the other stuff, blah. The Aaron Fox, Keegan Murray had good games for the Kings. Sabonis had a very light dub, triple double, but he did break Kevin Love's double double record in this ballgame for consecutive double doubles. 55 was it doesn't matter. It's it's a big number. Kean Ellis had big time foul issues early in this game, and he never really quite got on track. But, again, like, this, you knew this was gonna happen because when you have a giant game, it's gonna balance out with a quieter one. I don't care. They're better when Kean Ellis is a part of what they're doing. It's as simple as that. I'm playing him these days. Malik Monk was okay. It does seem like Malik may be cooling off a tiny bit. Be careful. Now some of it was that this ballgame didn't require max effort. Some of it was that Davion Mitchell had a better shooting game, so you got a little bit less Ellis and Monk. And, some of it is just because Malik runs really hot and then runs cold. If he hits a cold snap, you don't wanna be a part of it. And finally, the floundering Clippers lose again. What the hell is happening to that team? Harden saying they have an identity problem. Ty Lou says, no, we got an identity. We're soft. Kinda like that he called out his team. That's good. It's good stuff from Ty Lou. As far as Indiana goes, no Aaron Neesmith for this game. So Ben Sheppard got the start, and I don't care. Jerris Walker put up an okay line. I don't care. TJ McConnell, another 15 and 6. Man, that dude's consistent these days. So Halliburton, Miles Turner, Pascal Siakam, TJ McConnell, those are the only Pacers you're using against the game's cap. And for the Clippers, we are back into one of those Ivica Zubac's better runs of late. He's at the front end of the doesn't matter group, you know, like, top 1 kinda range. Big man specialist appeal. Obviously, if you don't need big man stats, you need to play them, but he's on the good side of it these days. Norman Powell had 22 points. I don't care. PG, Kawhi, James Harden, those are the guys you're playing. And then, again, if you need what Zubatz brings, you go that way. And as we predicted, because we've seen it, like, 9 times in the last two and a half years, Terrence Mann, after 2 decent weeks, has vanished from the face of the earth once again. Alright, guys. A quick check of the clock reveals that we can probably no. You know what? We'll do the streaming show right after lunch today. I thought about doing it back to back, but it's already 10:30 something. It's gonna take me 15, 20 minutes to get this thing posted to get the next one going. Yeah. We'll we'll do the streaming show after lunch. I do have many thoughts on the streaming side because now we're into that sort of light heavy, light heavy part of the weekly schedule. Hopefully, you guys have been preparing for this. We talked about not doing much in the way it moves yesterday. Today's the day you're gonna definitely want to do some moves. So we'll talk about that in, just a little bit. Quick check of the chat room here to see if anybody got some names in there that I didn't bring up. Question on whether or not to add Trae Young. I think if you're in your head to head playoffs, I don't think you can do it. They don't they still don't have a a target date for his return. The reevaluation time was basically right around now, but he's not ready yet. So if if you're in your playoffs, you can't do it. If you're in Roto, you probably were sitting on him anyway. So I would lean towards no if we're talking head to head side. Questions about what to do with Grayson Allen. You hold. He's been very, very good this year, and I I get it. He's not like a super varied fantasy game, but he's number 54. So unbelievably rare to get a guy hitting 33 pointers a game while shooting 51%. And I know their schedule sucks. I know. But, I mean, look, Beal might be down now, so I'm holding. Is it Pokhasevski time? It's not. Not unless he starts getting mid to high twenties in minutes. You just you can't trust Pokrzyewski in in 19 minutes of ballgame even if, you know, you get a good game here every here and there. If you're asking questions about streaming, they will not be answered during this show. I must say it again. Dan, who's the bigger bust? Poole, thirties to forties, awful all year, but cooking now or Mikael Bridges, teens to twenties, mid all year? That's a good question because Bridges has just been kinda black all season long, but he didn't he never really had a stretch where he wasn't playable. He just had a most of the year where he's been not great, you know, like, 75 to a 100 range. Or Jordan Poole, who was fully unplayable for, like, 4 months and now he's playable. I think Poole's the bigger bust because he again, like, he shouldn't have been on a fantasy team, October, November, December, January, and most of February. Giving me a slightly better run down the stretch doesn't fully make up for that. And then you have to also add on the fact that even for Jordan Poole who's been good lately, we're still talking, like, 70 range. He hasn't been that good. So I I I'll say Poole is the bigger bust, but, McHale's been pretty crummy too. Oh, and j j j getting thrown into the mix. I I mean, he he got going a little bit and then got hurt and so on and so forth. I I I don't think I don't think j j j is quite as high as those dudes. He's number 55 on the season. And by and large, he's been relatively healthy even on a tanking team. That's worth something. He's been a miss, but he hasn't been a bust. You know? He's been a 5th rounder instead of a second rounder, which is not good, but it's not like, you know, Bridges who's been a 7th rounder instead of a late 2nd rounder, or Poole who's been a non rounder instead of a 3rd or 4th rounder. Not that it matters. Splitting hairs a little bit here. Is Keon Ellis a drop for someone from Atlanta? I'm fine with that, although he plays tonight, so I'm not dropping anybody who plays on a given evening. Need a Hail Mary. Should I pick up RJ Barrett? No. I would not do that. What are the chances he plays tomorrow? I think extremely low. I don't know why, but it feels like big men and defensive specialists are easier to be good in 9 cap because they're not required to do too much to do much so they don't miss shots or turn it over. You're correct. Albert, you're you're a 100% right. And this is something this is a point that gets overlooked in fantasy circles, like, the world over. Because because people are like, oh, well, all they're good at are these 2 categories. Yeah. But here's the thing. Like, a lot of guys that get picked up ahead of those dudes, all they're good at is points and threes. A great example of this, and this is not my this isn't me picking on Gigi Jackson because he's fine. Gigi, like, again, he's gonna be probably in that 100 to a 150 range in some capacity here. But he's a great example of this. So people are like, oh, Gigi Jackson is just dominating the universe. But over the last month, he's outside the top 200 despite the fact that he's scoring 17 points. But it's the whole all he's good at. All he's good at points and threes. Seventeen points, 2a half, 3 pointers a game. People are willing to overlook the fact actually, his free throws have been okay too. People are willing to overlook the fact that he gets no defensive stats. His field goal percent is bad. He doesn't pass, and his rebounding is subaverage for someone listed as a forward. But then you scroll up the board, and you're like, oh, well, who's been inside the top 100 over the last month? Paul Reed is averaging 9 points a game over the last month, but 7 boards, 1 steal, 1 and a half blocks, and he's done it on 50% from the field and 76 at the free throw line. All you gotta do sometimes in Fantasy is not be a huge anchor in stuff, and you can move up the board. This is why and, again, this is not maybe the best time of the year to have this discussion because right now, Gigi Jackson might actually be more relevant to your fantasy team than Paul Reed. You might just need points and threes more than the other stuff. But when you're talking about, like, December, if we were having this discussion in December, it's much more relevant. Because in December, you don't wanna play a guy all year or a month or whatever it is that's outside the top 200. They are then hurting your team more than they're helping. The math just says it. We can try to interpret this number these numbers however we like. And, again, I know that there's been this sort of fantasy revolution, happening. I I've got yelled at on Twitter a few times that, like, ranks don't matter at all. But, no, that's the pendulum swinging too far. Ranks do matter. They do. Perhaps not as strictly as they've been followed 15 years ago or something like that. You know, the number 60 player is not that different from the number 55 player. They're the same, basically. They're good at different categories. But the number 60 player is different than the number 140 player. There's a difference there. So ranks do matter. It just has to be how they're utilized. And so Gigi Jackson, who's number 200 over the last month, he is empirically worse for your team to play than Paul Reed over the last month. I don't even if you need points, he hurts too much in other stuff. And this again, I'm not trying to pick on Gigi Jackson. He's just a good example right now because he scored a bunch, and so people are, like, wow, this guy's been amazing. But he has all these disastrous things going on in his 9 cat game. And I'm guilty of looking at Paul Reed and saying, what's going on with this dude right now? Meanwhile, he's, like, still sitting around the top 100 and generally useful, provided you don't need a guy who's gonna score 15 points. And frankly, you can find those 6 points somewhere else. So I would argue that, like with all things in life, moderation is key. And I think I actually do an okay job of this. Historically, when we go into the off season, we kinda analyze how our ranks did, and we analyze how the Yahoo ranks did, and just, you know, what does that mean? And, like, if you drafted a guy, or let's say I had a guy rank, like, 45th, and he finished at 52nd, it's not a win or a loss. That's just he did what he did. You're not gonna get much closer than that. If you get within, like, a round of a guy in the late early or early mid rounds, that's just accurate. So it's all about understanding what the sort of buffers are on that. Ranks are not strictly the only thing you should go by. Who cares who's number 37 versus 41? But they do matter when the math starts to get starts to really tackle it, when the separation between guys becomes large enough, what is that separation? I don't know. Is it a round? Is it 2 rounds? It's different the farther you go down the board. The number 6 guy has a giant gap down to the number 14 guy, but, you know, it's an 8 spot hole. 52 to 60, those guys are pretty similar. So I think that with the pendulum has swung too far. We've taken this whole, like, we don't need to pay attention to ranks thing, and we've we've extended it beyond what it should be. And, actually, I think we talked about this with I talked about this with Josh before the season started. And he and I had a really good chat about how understanding what the the breath is is the is a really important part of this. And by the way, friends, those of you that have listened to this show for a long time, remember how I did Bucketology one off season? Not this most recent one, but the previous one? That's what that is. When people are, like, Dan, how you rank your players? I'm, like, well, I don't really rank them. I put them in buckets. Because the first bucket has 3 players in it, and then the next bucket has 6 players in it. And you get into these it's, like, I think these guys are all basically the same caliber player. So, you know, pick 31 to pick 39. I don't know what order those guys are gonna be in, but that's a bucket for me. But I'm not gonna put that that 31 ranked guy in the same bucket as the guy I have down at 65. I want the 31 guy. Until March. Now I just want the guy that's giving me the categories I'm looking for. Steve says he likes the Dan rant. No. Not so much a rant. I just think that sometimes, and it's not even fantasy sports. It's just, like, the world. When we find something that's maybe a little bit off, and it was off how we were interpreting ranks to say, oh, well, 37 is better than 38 is better than 39. Doesn't help. Doesn't help us at all. But to then say 37 is not better than 67, it is. So it's all about figuring out where the ends are on those buckets, I think. I got a couple of questions that trickled in. 9 Cat, Bradley Beal versus Nas Reed. Believe it or not, Nas is probably gonna be better the rest of the way, but both those guys should be on rosters. And then a question about streaming from TBZvids. I will tell you, I'm gonna be talking about streaming on our next show a little bit later on today, so I'm not ignoring you. Come on back. Make sure to subscribe. That way, you can get your question in for our streaming episode that's coming up right after lunch today. Hey, Dan. Do you think Anthony Davis plays tomorrow when LeBron is out today? I think Anthony Davis tries to play in both. I think the Lakers, wanna make sure that they get as many wins as they do. And LeBron is on kind of his own schedule right now because they gotta keep him fresh for the play in and playoff. So, yes, I think Anthony Davis is gonna try to play in both barring any kind of actual injury today. And that is that. Thank you again to Ryan Ward for taping with me on Friday. And then magically through the the mysteries of technology. I was able to actually get that video to roll today, at Dan Vesperis over on social media. Please do give a follow on that way. Again, like, rate, subscribe, however you're taking in the content. We'll see you in about 2 and a half ish hours. We'll talk some streaming, big streaming decisions to make for today. See you soon.