Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I know big shocker of the morning. LaMelo Ball shut down for the year. Not that we didn't all know this was coming, but now it is official. Yes. Indeed. Finally, he can come off the can't cut list on Yahoo or whatever website you're using for your fantasy sports because, again, we knew he wasn't coming back. Here's the tweet from Wojs. Charlotte Hornets guard LaMelo Ball, who's missed 29 consecutive games with an ankle injury, will remain out for the final 2 plus weeks of the season, comma, team says. That's the quote from Woje. That's a tweet. And we knew this was happening at this point. I mean, you're 2 weeks from the end of the regular season, so nobody was holding their breath that he was about to magically reappear. There was no reason to. Another lost season for LaMelo Ball, who's been healthy one of his years so far, I believe. 4th season of his career. Means some of it comes down to how many games there were. He missed 21 games his freshman season, only missed 7, his 2nd year in the league. That was the sort of hope. Last year, he played 36 games. This year, he will finish at 20 2. Well, I've missed 60 games of this year. If you drafted LaMelo Ball with your 1st or second round pick, your team was largely doomed this year. You just can't get nothing out of your 1st round pick in fantasy basketball. You can't. I don't care how good he is in the games he's in, which, by the way, he was pretty good. But for 9 Cat, 26th per game, which, let's be honest, we called that. His fantasy game is very, neat. It's neat. But he also has 2 you could even argue 3 if you're thought talking about blocks, but I'm not really. 2 very large issues with it. 1 being turnover, so big reason in 9 cat is value is a lot lower than an 8 cat. And then he's basically a punt field goal guy, which couple guys above him ended up there that I don't know that we knew they were going to be. Like, a dame Ended up being kind of a punt field goal guy, but Dame's turnovers were, like, 1 and a half lower. That's a thing. Freddie VanVelite, been a punt field goal guy forever, but he doesn't take as many as LaMelo. Nineteen shots a game at 43%. That's pretty rough. Pretty rough. And then where Dame has another giant edge is that he's the best free throw shooter in the NBA, so that ends up being a huge positive, where for LaMelo Ball, it's a smallish medium positive. How is he gonna get to that 11th or whatever his ADP was, like, 10, 11, something like that? How was he gonna get there this year? I just there wasn't a path to it. So, fortunately, I only drafted him in one spot. That team is dead. That team I ended up going, LaMelo Ball and Kyrie Irving, like, right around the turn. I think I had the second to last pick or something like that. Massive regrets. I mean, I got no problem with Kyrie. He's number 9 per game, but he's also gonna probably finish this season missing 22, 23 ball games. You can stomach that. You know, if you took Kyrie at 14, 15, something like that where he was going, and he's number 9 per game and he misses 20 ball games, he's not gonna get to his ADP, but he's not gonna be all that far off. But I couldn't possibly stomach both. I needed one of my 2 early picks to actually play in some ball games. But this is also again, I'm like the the funny thing is this isn't even why I had said I was avoiding LaMelo Ball. I wasn't that worried about him missing the whole year with an injury. I thought he was gonna play. I thought the Hornets were actually gonna try to compete this year, but as soon as he went down again, so went any prayer of Charlotte being a competitive basketball team this year. So I ask you all before we get into the massive Wednesday recap, Is he draftable? Is LaMelo Ball draftable next year? The answer is yes. Everybody is draftable every year, but the price tag has to be right. What's a reasonable price tag for LaMelo Ball? Well, he was getting pretty consistently overdrafted because his 8 cat value again was gonna be so far ahead of his 9 cat value, so that, skewed the x rank and then the ADP in 9 category drafts. But this is a guy who's gonna get drafted, what, 10, 11, 12, somewhere in that range and had almost no chance of getting there in 9 category leagues on a per game basis. Does this back to back completely obliterated season run for him, does that finally push him down to where he should have been going anyway? Here's my issue with Ball. What more could he have done this year reasonably? Yeah. I mean, you could hope that a field goal percentage is gonna be better, but it's probably not. You're not gonna get more than 1.8 steals per game. That's a huge number. You're probably not gonna get more than 3 and some odd 3 pointers, 5 boards, and 8 assists. Like, he kinda maxed out. Free throw percent is is good. I don't know where he goes to get higher on the board other than to eliminate turnovers, and I don't know that that's something that's just gonna magically go away either. So this is a guy, Ball, that should have been getting drafted at the end of the second round anyway. Now where does he go this coming year, next season? He probably gets drafted around where he was ranked per game. So I still don't know that there's a massive amount of upside there. You're gonna see him getting drafted and being targeted by a lot of folks if he's going at, like, 25. And I'm fine with that because, again, if you're sort of throwing turnovers throwing caution to the wind on turnovers, you don't care that much about them, great. You're not alone. Everybody's doing it. And you can always make up for that a little bit later on, Old Man Squad style with some guys that are lower turnover type. So there's there's he's a pretty easy guy to build around if you're getting him at 24, 25, or later, but I also don't know that that's leap enough. I asked this question on Twitter this morning, and the response was definitely like, look. I'm not taking him before the 3rd round. I bet you are. I bet you are. Because I bet by the time draft season comes around next year, he's gonna be going before that. And so if you have any chance of getting him, you're gonna have to probably move before that. Alright. That's a little mellow story for the morning. We have a lot to cover, but first, welcome to the show. It's Fantasy NBA Today, sports ethos presentation. I'm your host, Dan Vespris. You can find me on Twitter at danbespris. Super easy, d a n b e s b r I s. We have a whopper of a 12 gamer to cover from yesterday, so I just wanna dive right on in. I would, very kindly ask that if you guys are somewhat new to the proceedings here, please take a moment to like. If you're watching on YouTube or on Twitter, to like. If you're watching on YouTube or listening after the fact, subscribe. If you're listening after the fact, please drop a 5 star review. Whatever you can do to continue to grow this thing, especially if you're new, if you're brand new, welcome. I like to assume that one new person is watching every single day, whether it's or listening, I guess. Some taking in the content, one new person every single day. So we'll try to treat the show as such. But let's get into it. We're gonna try to move somewhat fast over situations that allow it. Cleveland is a spot where we do need to pause for just a second because Max Strouse came back, had a had a minutes cap if you're wondering why he was at 24 and some odd minutes in this ballgame. Donovan Mitchell is targeting a return on Friday, so that'd be the cavaliers' next ballgame tomorrow. What does it mean? Well, first of all, Struce looked pretty loose for the first time in a while. Yes. I chose my words quite carefully there. He had been playing on a bum knee for a bit, and I do I I think this time off almost definitely helped him. And I'd be inclined to say and I know I've been probably a little too high on Struwws this year, but I'd be inclined to say give him a look. Because if he really does have his bounce back from the beginning of the season, which evaporated and then he just, like, he couldn't keep up and the shot wasn't falling, if he's about to go on a little bit of a nice run here with his legs back under him, that'd be a pretty good guy to get because he was getting some points and threes and boards and assists, couple of defensive stats, not a lot, but some, he might fall into that doesn't matter group. That's possible. He might be a 100 to 150 range, but he has a shot to go a little bit ahead of that. So I'm adding Struce. And then you can likely move on from George Niang, you can likely move on from Isaac Okoro, and you can likely move on from Carys LeVert, because especially once Donovan Mitchell comes back, he's not gonna have anything to do anymore. And what he does do is gonna be done inefficiently. Hornets shot 58%. Caps might have maybe wanted to consider playing a little bit of defense. They did not. Brandon Miller, Miles Bridges, those are the easy calls. Trey Mann, I believe, is a yes. Barely, but a yes. Vasilyevicic, had 12 assists here. He's basically an assist stream, has some pretty glaring issues with his fantasy game, turnovers, lack of rebounds, typically, not a great field goal percent. He was fine. He was good enough in this one, but he's a he's a category hunting guy with Cody Martin also, by the way, ruled out for the year. So if you wanted to pick up some assists, Matic is the way to go, and then, of course, Nick Richards is the same old Nick Richards. Alexei Pokhasevski is interesting. He played 23 minutes here. He had 10 and 7 with an assist, showed off some interesting handle. But he can't do anything with him unless his minutes get up into the high twenties, and I don't see that happening. And, no, I don't care about Grant Williams having a slightly better ball game. He runs hot and cold and, pass. Brooklyn beat Washington, took everything in their power to get over the hump, including overtime. Cam Thomas is back in a big way. Cam Thomas, Nick Claxton, Michell Bridges, those are the guys you can definitely start. Schroeder had a nice ballgame here. Some of that was because Washington is so truly, truly awful on defense. With Cam Johnson out and Dennis Smith junior out, Schroder is probably still a yes, but it's iffy. And you're like, Dan, how can you call it iffy? Dude, that 21 and 8 with 3 threes. Yeah. But we've watched Schroder for long enough to know that his fantasy game is typically some points, some assists, and not a whole lot else. He and Reggie Jackson kinda have that kind of similar profile just in how they accrue stats. If there's enough usage, which there very much was yesterday, plus overtime doesn't hurt, then he's a go. If it slips under that barricade, he becomes more of an a a kind of a points assists play. But right now, with the guys out for the nets that are out for the nets, he's a play in, I think, most formats. For the Wizards, Rayshawn Olm got hurt 12 minutes in. That busts up what was a pretty amazing run. He had 45 rebounds in his 3 ball games before this one. Marvin Bagley is an ad across all formats. They really don't have much left. Tristan Vukovich, I'd you know, 4 minutes, no. They played Anthony Gill at center before. He's a no. I you know, the Denny Avni at center is probably the most likely other solution here, but that likely means mid to high twenties minutes for Bagley at least. And if he's playing alright, he might even get to 30. He was inside the top 100 before they started playing Rashaun Holmes before. And now with the assumption that Rashaun misses a ballgame I don't know. Guys leaving a game early, I always assume that they're gonna miss the next one, because, like, if it didn't hurt that bad, they'd try to play through it. So Jordan Poole, Marvin Bagley, Kyle Kuzma, Denny Avia, those are the 4 guys you can start on this team. Corey Kispert is a guy you play only when Kuzma is out or maybe Avia, but mostly Kuz. Warriors, Draymond Green got ejected 3 and a half minutes in the ballgame. It was beyond idiotic. Then there was footage that looked like Steph Curry was almost tearing up. He was so annoyed with his teammate, but the warriors won anyway somehow. Pretty damn good win, honestly, for the dubs. They just played good defense because they sure as crap didn't score all that much. Trace Jackson Davis filled in admirably. You got another you got a nice big game out of him, because of the Draymond ejection. He's a hold right now. Again, the free throws are an issue, but he didn't go to the line. So that's sort of, like, the best case scenario. Andrew Wiggins has had 2 good ones in a row after a whole bunch of middling games. I still think Wiggins probably profiles as, like, a 100 to 130, 140 range guy, where if you're attacking some points, some boards, maybe a little bit of the defensive stuff you could dive in. But if he warms up, he has the potential to be a little bit better than that. So he's sort of like a doesn't matter with upside, which I think is kinda similar to how I view Max Struss, and you're just looking for slightly different things. Wiggins scares me, though, because if he starts shooting, the percentages can both hurt you in a way that with a lot of these other guys, maybe not both, maybe one or the other. So what do you do? I I know everybody wants sort of, like, the final call on Wiggins. I I'm honest. I I don't think it matters. I don't think it matters. Paz is obviously a drop. Klay is a hold, especially back in the starting 5. And then Chris Paul is probably a drop these days. He's barely playing lately. Wonder if we're gonna find out that he's dealing with something, but even if he is, who cares? There's 2 weeks left. There's no reason to hang on to somebody who sucks right now, and Chris Paul sucks right now. I think you can drop him. If you wanna hang on for assists, I'm okay with that as well. For the Magic, Cole Anthony, 32 big bench minutes. Their bench played better than their starters, so you saw some of the minutes flip flop a little bit here. I'm not adding Cole Anthony, and neither should you. Wendell Carter Junior is not a 9 cat play nor is Markelle Fultz. Jalen Suggs is cooling back off again, so I think you probably want to abandon ship there. My favorite player to watch on the maverick or Mavericks, the Magic right now is Jonathan Isaac. 9 and 5 with a steal, 2 blocks, and a couple of 3 pointers. He has the one of the best fantasy profiles of anybody in the NBA. Remember the last time I mean, it's 4 or 5 years ago at this point, but the last time he played starters minutes for a couple of months, he was a second rounder. 24 minutes, which does not feel sustainable, especially because they got a back to back coming up. But if he's getting 24 minutes somewhat regularly, then he's a play in any spot where you can get him in there. Certainly more so in roto because then when he takes a game off, it doesn't hurt you all that much. But he's always gonna be dramatically under rostered because of his injury history and makes total sense. But, like, he's he's available in a lot of leagues, and if you're in a roto league and he's on the wire, that's that's foolish. Knicks smoked the tanking raptors. McBride, easy call to fill in for OG right now. Dante, Brunson, Josh Hart are all easy calls as well. But things have gotten a little bit confusing in the Knicks' front court. Mitchell Robinson came back, played a dozen minutes, which and I think if this game was closer, maybe he would have gotten, like, another 3, but there was sort of no reason to overextend him. He's a roto stash, not a head to head ad. Said this on Twitter. Say it again here. Hardenstein, you hold for now, but I do think that as Robinson gets fully up to speed, Hardenstein will end up being a drop. Question is is there even enough time in the season for it to matter? Season might be over before you hit that point. And if we do, it'll be with, like, what, 3, 4 games left maybe? And then Precious Jew had a giant ballgame here, but a lot of that was blowout and just sort of the way the rotation shook out. He's not a guy you can trust night tonight. Precious, that is. For Toronto, if they could just keep one game lightly competitive, we could see Gary Trent and Kelly Ullinick really turn it loose. They were still fine in this one despite their team getting blitzed again. Those are the 2 guys you're hanging on to in Roto. Head to head, they have a bad schedule the rest of this week. Toronto's off for 3 days in a row. If you cannot afford to hold them, then don't do it, but that's a head to head issue for your team, not for everybody. Because I have a and mostly Roto spots, and I'm holding him there. I have Gary Trent on a head to head team, and I did drop him today because I was sort of looking at my matchup. And I have a pretty good sized lead in 3 pointers. I have a small to medium lead in steals, but I figured whoever I picked up could probably cover what Trent does in 1 game in 2. I just need a half performance in those things, and then I'm likely gonna lose points. So if I guy I pick up doesn't score half of what Trent scored, then it doesn't really hurt me all that much. I could probably get a rebounding and assist bounce by making that move. Again, steals, threes, I can probably hold even. Maybe I get a blocks bounce as well. Maybe I get a field goal percent bounce if I pick up somebody who's not a chucker. So I get it. I I'm I'm there with you in a couple of spots, but, again, you know your team better than I do. Portland's in full tank mode right now. I'd I'm starting to think we don't see their regulars the rest of the year, but Deandre Ayton wasn't ruled out until relatively late. So there's a possibility you you do see Ayton. Luckily, I don't think it matters all that much because Duop Reef is not a reliable backup center. He doesn't rebound. He doesn't block that many shots. He's not super close to the bucket on the offensive side, so the percentages are not particularly helpful from their center. Those are the ways that centers can rack up fantasy stats as rebounds and field goal percent and defensive stats, and he's not really all that good in any of those. As far as what the hell is going with Portland right now, the guys you can probably trust, Jumaane Kamara has a pretty translatable fantasy game because he'll score, rebound, assist, and get some defensive stats. And then Delano Banton, who's just taking a ton of shots right now, he's gone ham, 23 shots again last night. He's crested over that point where, yeah, ultimately, the efficiency stuff is gonna be terrible, but eve like, you could take 23 shots a night. Even if your efficiency is awful, you're probably still gonna put up enough fantasy stat to counterweight that. So in this iteration of the Blazers, especially against teams that also don't play much defense like the Hawks and Portland has a bad schedule, so don't get on my case about this on the head to head side. They got Miami and Orlando next, teams that could actually play a little bit defense, and then Charlotte and Washington, and then probably Boston who won't be taking them very seriously in that one. That's probably where you wanna attack some blazers middle to end of next week. But Roto's side, yeah, I mean, you could probably play those 2 guys, Ben and Kamara. Not any farther than that, though. Atlanta? I think you can play Deandre Hunter. He's iffy, but I think you can play him. Capela, Bogey, and Dejounte Murray, those guys are all pretty straightforward. Capela's 7 defensive stats. That was pleasant surprise. You expect the blocks every once in a while, but 4 steals. The magic of playing a Blazers team, that's a bunch of g leaguers right now. I know Garrison Matthews had a good ballgame. I don't care. I know Bruno Fernando had a pretty good ballgame. I don't care. Viet Creche has been doing a little bit more. I don't care. These are guys that you use for their good schedule on the head to head side, but you can't you're not bothering with those dudes on Roto. Alright. Let's keep shuffling along. Nothing to see here on the Clippers. Really nothing at all. Zubatz says it doesn't matter level center. If you're looking for boards, you didn't get many in this ballgame. But boards, field goal percent in particular, that's the only thing that's up in the air on the Clippers side. Philly, Kelly Oubre came back, and then this very controversial ending where Oubre pretty clearly got clubbed on the last shot of the ball game. It wasn't called. And then he then he went full scene from well, it's originally well, I guess it's really more of a half baked reference. Yeah. Anyway, he he singled out each ref individually. Individually. You gotta go find the tape if you wanna see something pretty hilarious. Oubre's a play. I know he wasn't efficient here, but he's a play. Maxey's a play. Tobias is a play. And then my continuing fear on what's to become of Paul Reed, he managed 3 blocks again, which is covering up for the fact that the rest of his stats have completely evaporated. He remains because of defensive stats, he remains just barely above the cut line, but it does kinda feel like Reed is falling back into that doesn't matter group. Meaning the if you need a few boards and some defensive stats, play them. If you don't, you don't. Categorical hunting. That's the you know, during the regular season, early in the year, whatever, you're not really playing those doesn't matter, guys, very much. But right now, they're all part of the okay. Do I need this stat? Mo Bumba had a double double, but only 19 minutes. That's the more important part. Buddy Hill had 17 points, but, again, only 25 and a half bench minutes. No. I think that's all we needed to talk about on the sixers. Pacers got waxed. You're not changing anything you're doing with them fantasy after a bad ballgame. Nembhard had a good one. I don't care. TJ McConnell still got his 12 points and 4 assists, so he managed to kinda survive it to some degree. Nobody else did. McConnell, Halliburton, Turner, Siakam, those are the 4 guys you start in all formats. Nembhard, Nesmith are your sort of schedule level plays. They're not even they're not even in a doesn't matter zone. They're schedule level only. Bulls took care of this one early. Andre Drummond got a few extra minutes. As a result, he's a rebounds target only. And then otherwise, White, DeRozan, Desumu, Virch, and Caruso. Those are your 5 Bulls. Same old thing. Same old thing. They keep it easy for us in Chicago. Here's an interesting one. Detroit, 32 minutes again for Chamezi Metuh who you know, 2 games back, he had a good one, and then he played 17 minutes in between. And after he had that 1st decent ballgame well, better than decent. It's 17 and 8, 3 assists, a steal, a block, good percentages. Lot to like about that game against the Pelicans, whatever, 3, 4 days ago. Then against the Knicks, he had 6 and 2 with 4 assists. He did still have 2 steals and a block, and it seems like Metu's kinda played his way into the vacated minutes that originally belonged to Isaiah Stewart and Asar Thompson and then became the property of Simone Fontecchio, and now they're just there sitting there for the taking. I'm gonna call Metu a a speculative ad here. I I don't know that I have the balls to play them in Detroit's next ball game, and Pistons have a bad schedule, so I get it. Head to headers, you can kinda tune me out. But they got the Wizards. If there's ever a team that Metu could pick on a little bit and they got K'd back, so that should get him open a little bit more. Then they got Memphis, then Atlanta, Memphis again, Brooklyn. A lot of kinda cake opponents here. Not that Detroit's gonna win any of those games, but they should be competitive in most of them. So why not? Why can't Meitu get 29, 30 minutes in those ball games? Why not? So I say, at least in terms of the sort of risky proposition roll of the dice types, I think Meitu has a pretty good shot. Now you gotta wait and make sure that he's starting before you actually use him against the games cap. And you're not using him in head to head because Detroit only has one more game this week. But if this sticks and Fonseca doesn't come back, Detroit could make a lot of sense for next week. They got 4 games for 6 days next week. Something to keep an eye on head to head wise. Roto I mean, I got some clunker players on my team I'm happy to dispose of if I can get some rebounds, steals, blocks on good percentages out of a guy. I'm into it. Wiseman is a drop with Duran back. Sasser is someone I've got on my watch list, but not beyond that. He hasn't shown any consistency to warrant it. And then Cade came back, so that was good news. No Jaden Ivy in this one, which may have played a role. Everybody may have sort of shifted up a spot. That's why you gotta make sure that Metu's starting again in the next one. For the wolves, it's just kinda fun to see Nasrid cooking people. This is why last off season, I prayed to the fantasy lords that Nasrid was gonna get signed away from Minnesota by some team that wanted to make him a starting power forward. It didn't happen, so we had to wait all year. But now with Kat down, Nas is just going crazy. Yeah. He's great. Fantasy, great. Conley, Nas, Gobert, Anthony Edwards who had a bad ballgame here. Anthony Edwards is an amazing basketball player, and he's almost definitely gonna get overdrafted in Fantasy again next season despite finishing well, he's not over yet, but he's at number 38 per game this year and doing almost as much as he possibly can. Yeah. I mean, kill me for it if you want, but to the honest to goodness truth, Slow Mo has been inside the cut line over the last week and a half, 2 weeks. Some of that was because guys were out. Some of it was because he's just sort of settling into a slightly larger role. I do think that, ultimately, he probably profiles better as a rebound, assist, steal combo specialist, but he's been good enough in scoring and the percentages to be playable in all formats lately. Just don't be surprised if some of that stuff does kinda taper off a tad, and he becomes more of kinda that 3 category thing. But, like, it wouldn't be that nuts to see him roll at kind of, like, a top 90 clip, so that'd be doable. Rockets caught a break. No shade for Oklahoma City. Houston was able to beat him in overtime behind massive games again from Jalen Green and Ahman Thompson. Dillon Brooks was, pretty good in this one. I keep wondering if he's gonna be able to do enough with Shanggu now, and it hasn't been consistently enough, though, for me to actually get behind it. If Brooks starts taking 15, 16 shots a ball game, I might adjust and say go ahead, but he's he's on my watch list. No big surprises here. You're basically at, start the starters besides Brooks with Houston. For the Thunder, going into this ballgame, I think I said something on yesterday's podcast about how I thought Gideon Dort had a shot to actually do some fantasy stuff. Well, Gideon was right. Dort wasn't. I needed Dort to take about a dozen shots, and I certainly needed him to shoot better than 2 for 10 to get there. If Shea misses another one, do I have the stones to play, what, those 2 guys against the games cap? I probably would play giddy against the games cap if Shea misses another ball game. I don't think I played Dort against it. And then Chet fouled out in 18 minutes, so that was also kinda relevant here. That's why guys off the bench got sort of different run than they're used to. Thought maybe Mike Muscala? No. They ran small. Isaiah Joe got a bunch of extra playing time, but that could very well disappear in the next one. Not safe at all. Lakers, big numbers on offense again. Lakers aren't guarding anybody, and without Anthony Davis, you knew they weren't gonna guard anybody here. But you also knew that with Anthony Davis out, Hachimura was gonna have a whole lot to do, and he did. And you also knew that Jackson Hayes was gonna give you sort of a Nick Richardsian a few dunks and a handful of rebounds kinda fill in game, and he did just that. And, that's the difference here. So when LeBron is out, you can go Ruhi. When AD is out, you can probably go Ruhi and Jackson and Hayes. It frees up a lot more. And then you go Deelo, Reeves, and, you know, LeBron or AD if they're in there, obviously, kinda flip flipping whatever. I really like how Spencer Dinwiddie has been playing lately, but unless he's filling in for Dilo or Reeves in the starting lineup, there's just sort of not enough usage there for him. But he has pretty consistently made their defense a lot better this year. And then for Memphis, Bane and JJJ, those are obvious ones when they're in Desmond with 16 assists in this ballgame. That's crazy. Jake LaRavia got super hot. Hit 7 3 pointers after, I think, going, like, 0 for 8 from 3 in his previous ballgame, so, good luck chasing that one. And it appears as though Santi Aldama has officially quieted down, so I think you could probably go a different way there. Keep one eye on Brandon Clark. He made his return from an ACL tear, had 6 points and 5 rebounds. His legs won't be underneath him. I don't think for the rest of this season, he's a guy you should consider and try to figure out where he fits for next year, if anything. But you can keep an eye on him. It certainly doesn't cost you anything to just watch a guy. But, again, you're gonna see Jake LaRavia get picked up in a bunch of spots, then you'll probably see him get dropped after the next one. There's just you know, the consistency part is the the part that's frustrating where, you know, maybe if we get Jon Concharr back or if Luke Kennard shows back up again. But as it stands right now, with Aldama now cooling back off, and maybe he wakes up in the next one. I don't know. But if he's cooling off, then it's just Bane and Jaren Jackson. And I know what you're thinking, Dan. Why aren't you talking about Gigi Jackson? Same reason that I've been talking about him on this pod for a couple of weeks. He when his usage is sky high, he can overwhelm the bad, which is kinda like what we just talked about with Banton in Portland. But if the usage isn't that high and the percentages are poor, then you get this, which is just like a whole bunch of nothing with turnovers and a bad field goal percent. The bottom can fall out pretty hard for it, Gigi, and that's why, you know, we talked about him, what, 2 days yesterday, 2 days ago, where I was like, look, even when he was running hot, he was still just barely he was, like, a 110 ranked player. So you're very much hunting points. That's it with Gigi. And you could treat a couple other guys similarly, I guess. Spurs beat the Jazz battle of a El Tenko. Jeremy Sohan's had 2 good ones in a row, but you're you got bigger stones than I do if you're putting him in your lineup. Wembley and Vassell are the super easy ones, and then Trey Jones took a grand total of 2 shots in 32 minutes. That's just not acceptable. But I do think that because the assist just sorta never really go away for him, he probably stays above the cut line. When he's cold, he's an assist specialist. When he's warm, you know, he can run it like a top 60 clip. So I I'd hold Trae Jones. Utah, Sexton, Markkanen, Collins, and Walker Kessler are your safe plays. Keontae George is a points assists streamer. Just understanding that the turnovers and bad field goal percent and complete lack of defensive stats make him do more damage than good. But, yeah, I mean, if you need points and assists and and some threes, that's totally fine. But, for me, it's it's those other 4 guys for Utah. And then Phoenix came out and caught Denver kinda napping in this ballgame. KD was great. Grayson Allen, Devin Booker, Bradley Beal, those are the guys no Nurk in this one, but there isn't an obvious fill in for him. Eubanks started, but he didn't do very much. So just those main four for now. And then for Denver, I said it before, I will say it again. I prefer 2 guys out before I'm comfortable starting Reggie Jackson against the game's cap. Jamal Murray was out. Reggie took his spot at 11 and 3. Not a particularly good ball game for Jackson. If you were, again, stat hunting some points, some assists, that's a spot where maybe you could take a shot. But if you literally need anything else, then it's a bad decision. And that's why I need 2 guys out, because I need his usage to be higher. I need more offense to be going through Reggie as opposed to being more of a catch and shoot guy around Nikola Jokic. And that is your very, very, very large Wednesday recap that we rolled super fast through, because I also wanna do our streaming show, immediately after this one. Jess says happy opening day, Dan. Happy opening day, everybody. Baseball starts today, ladies and gentlemen. I do love it. I love it. I I can't get enough. Dodgers open up at 1 PM Pacific time. That game starts at about 3 hours here. Good stuff. Good stuff. I will have it on in the background as I work or nap. I really didn't sleep last night. 1st IBS attack for me in a number of months, so I'm sleepy bear today. What do we got here in the chat room? Donovan Dalton. I think you posted here before, so hopefully you're new. I love new viewers. Very few new viewers on YouTube today, but quite a few, I'm sure, over on social media. I dropped LaMelo a while ago and got Jalen Green. Definitely been a great pickup. Yeah. I mean, LaMelo's been out forever, and we didn't think he was coming back. Hi, Dan. I'm currently being destroyed by the best players in the NBA. Jalen Green and Banton. How do I cope? Attack the other categories. Try to win percentages and, try to win boards and assists and steals and blocks. There's always a way. There's always a way. Matt says, why aren't there any noon games for a baseball opening day? I think there's some 1 o'clock stuff. I don't I didn't look at the whole calendar, but yeah. Is that weird? I mean, is there not, is there not a a noon EST game that should be going right now? I'll be darned. I guess there isn't any. Orioles have a 3 o'clock EST start, so that one is at noon. Giants Padres at 1. Jays, Rays at 1. Yankee, Stroh's at 1. There's a lot of them. Pirates, Marlins, Twins, Royals, Tigers, White Sox, Nats, Reds, Cards, Dodgers, those are all 1 o'clock starts. So we're getting there. Couple hours, and then we'll have our baseball fix. Okay, folks. We're gonna take about a 15 minute break. I'll be back with the streaming show right on the other side of it. So make sure you're subscribed, however you're taking it. If you're watching on Twitter, go over to the YouTube side so you can subscribe. That way, you get the alert when the next show starts, unless you're very certain you're gonna see my next tweet. You're listening on iTunes, Spotify, whatever the other things are, make sure you subscribe there. We'll get that streaming show out early today so you guys have plenty of time to make your choices. It's quality day, quality Thursday. Follow on Twitter at Dan Vespris, d a n b e s b r I s. Go use promo code ethos 20, ethos 20 over at our pals atmanscaped.com, and I will talk to you all in 15 minutes for show number 2 on this 2 for Thursday. By the way, I've thought about it. I don't know if I'm gonna do the 2 for's on the very last week of the season because everybody's gonna be resting, so there's kind of no point in gaming out max games played. You pretty much just wanna save your moves for when your main dude gets shut down. That's the best way to handle the last week of the season, because you're gonna need to use at least 4 moves on guys being ruled out. There's no point in streaming on other stuff. So I don't know that we necessarily need to do we'll do a weekly preview show, but I don't know that we need to do the streaming every day. But we'll continue to do that this week, and, and hopefully next week as well, timing dependent. But so far, I've been able to do it. I can't believe that, by the way. Is this a sign that my kids are getting older? That I actually have time? Cheers. I'll see you guys in 15.