Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Apologies, everyone. I'm running about 15 minutes late today. I accidentally deleted a graphic, and I was trying to just hide it. And so then I needed 20 minutes to remake the graphic. And here we are. A little bit late, but no worse for the wear. It's Fantasy NBA Today. It's your Thursday morning show. We're 2 weeks from the start of the baseball season. I don't know. It matters for, any of you guys playing fantasy basketball, but I'm guessing some of you out there are also playing fantasy baseball. So you can go get our Fantasy Baseball draft guide that's available at sportsethos.com, including this insane, insane live draft tracker tool. Again, that's atsportsethos.com. Get the MLB pass or get the all sport pass so you get basketball in it and football as well. I am at Dan Besbridge over on Twitter. Hopefully, you guys can come find me over there. I'd love to see you. It's atdanesbris. And please take a moment to like, rate, and subscribe as we dive in on the news du jour. News of the morning, Rishon Holmes is already out. So that's a thing, which by the way, I mean, it's annoying, because he was it looked like he might actually get a week or 2 of of legitimate fantasy value. The, this is more relevant for our afternoon shows this week where we talk about streaming in excruciating painful detail, and we'll do that again this afternoon. We'll have an afternoon show probably around 2 ish Pacific time if I had to guess, so about 4 hours from right now. So make sure to subscribe so you get that. That'll be the where we focus on the head to head stuff. These shows where we do the recap, where we kinda get everything sized up for fantasy purposes. This is not about scheduling quirks. K? If you guys are like, oh, but this guy has a terrible schedule. Not what I'm curious about this morning. K? This show is about isolating the guys that can impact your fantasy team, and then you can take that and look at schedules if you like or don't. I don't care. Do it either way. Let's start looking at yesterday's card. There are a lot of games to break down, so let's just get chugging. I'm gonna try to keep these shows closer to a half an hour going forward, because I don't. I think with the afternoon show unless there's, like, something really big that's going on that we need to take a an extra 6, 7 minutes on, I think we should be should be able to move through these games at, you know, 2 to 3 minutes per ball game. But, let's see how it goes. Brooklyn at Orlando. Michael Bridges did not hit a shot until very late in this game. He was extremely lucky to get up to 17 points, but, you know, obviously, he's fine. The big thing here for Brooklyn is that Cam Johnson came back and immediately played 29 minutes. Cam Thomas did have some fouls, but it didn't matter. He still played a team high 39 minutes in the ball game, so that didn't have any impact on Cam Johnson. And Dorian Finney Smith's minutes trended down to 25. Now the nets were bad in this game until pretty late. I mean, they had a nice little late sorta almost borderline garbage time push. So I I don't wanna put too much stock in that. The game was farther apart than the final score would indicate, and it's why most of the other starters for Brooklyn didn't get into the thirties in minutes played. But what I do wanna focus on is now with Cam Thomas and Cam Johnson both back in there, What does that mean for the guys around them? Because Bridges, he's gonna play every day. And so does that mean there's enough left for Dennis Schroder? Is there enough left for Doreen Finney Smith? I think on Finney Smith, the answer is no. This game was a pretty quiet one. We really do need him as one of those, like, 30 minute plus guys if we're gonna get fantasy value out of Finney Smith, and I don't know that he's getting I mean, he might get to 30. But, you know, 32, 33, 34, that's where he starts to get better than top 90. And so I think he probably, if anything, falls kind of in the doesn't matter group right now. Schroder is the one I'm not a 100% sure on. He had 13 points, 3 assists. He did have a steal and a 3 pointer, and he made 6 free throws. But overall, we know that he needs a lot of usage to be fantasy relevant. And Cam Thomas coming back already put a little bit of a dent into him, and now Johnson coming back is gonna put another little dent into him. I expect the nets overall to be better against teams that are not as good defensively as are the Magic. So, let's give Schroeder 1 or 2 more ball games before we make a final call on him either way. If he turns out to be kinda bad over both of those, then maybe we move on, but, I don't think we can dump quite this fast. Let's be a little bit more patient on Schroder. If you wanted to dump Finney Smith, then I I wouldn't stop you. The Magic, I have had no fantasy thoughts on Orlando in, like, two and a half months, so I don't even know why we continue to talk about them every day. If you have questions about the magic, you gotta go back and read any of my tweet storms or watch any of our shows. It's the same stuff over and over again. Wendell Carter junior splits his time with Moe Wagner and Goga Bitadze, and sometimes they go small. Banchero is a very efficient ballgame, better in points leagues than 9 cat. Franz Wagner is a 9 cat guy. Jonathan Isaac is, like, kinda pushing borderline 9 cat, but you know he's gonna drop as soon as you start to trust him. Gary Harris, no. And, Jalen Suggs doesn't shoot the ball well enough, so there you go. There's really nobody else besides Vrons at 9 cat, Paolo, and points league, and that's it. You might have some schedule play, guys, but we'll talk about that on the second half of our show. I actually really like splitting the show up into 2. I don't like having to do a show where it's like, oh, this guy's a schedule play, and let's look at his schedule. And then we come back, and we go to the next ballgame. It's, it's too much. So this show, we don't focus on schedule, and the afternoon show, we focus exclusively on schedule. It's a beautiful thing. I can't do that all season long, but we're doing it now because you're in the playoffs, and that's where those two things become much more relevant. Alright. Let's keep working along here. Chat room is lighting up with Vukovich playoff news. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we might. Apparently, he's coming over to the Wizards. That's the news. I mean, you can't add him you you can't add him in a head to head league because you have no idea when he's actually gonna play. I mean, if you really wanna add him in roto, Guess the Wizards have no centers right now. He's a pretty big dude. 7 footer. Floor spacer, all that stuff. It's a 2 year deal. You know, Woj tweeted about it yesterday, and I kind of zipped past it because that's, like, yeah, I mean, okay. Fine. But then you look and the wizards are down all these bodies. I just I can't imagine he's gonna come in and play a ton right out of the chute. The Wizards still have a bunch of usage guys, so I think probably pass, or at least maybe let's see first. Okay. Back to the card at hand. Toronto, lost at Detroit Raptors are in hard tank mode right now, which for those of us who picked up Kelly Lytic in way too many places is glorious news. He had 6 turnovers, but I can't bring myself to care because Kelly also had 19 points, 6 boards, 8 assists, 2 steals, 2 blocks, 2 3 pointers. It's gonna be fun. It's gonna be fun. I've been on the not yet for Grady Dick freight train, and it looks like we got it right for this ball game. It just I think he needs one more usage guy out of the way, which I know is asking a lot because Scottie Barnes is gone, and they traded half of their other usage dudes, and Jakob Poeltl's still out, and, Gary Trent is still out. And, amazingly, that's not enough still for Grady Dick, who you know, 13 shots is fine, but he's not the point guard. He's not even close. He's sort of the 4th ball handler on this team right now. He's not the premier scorer on the team, although he will attempt to do that. And he doesn't get all that much other stuff in his Fantasy game. So I I'm not there yet. And that's not to say that he won't become Fantasy playable down the stretch if Quickley gets shut down or Bruce Brown gets shut down or whatever, and then they're like, alright, Grady. You get to run the offense a little bit. But right now, you've got Olenek, Bruce Brown, Emanuel Quickley are all basically point guard types ahead of Grady Dick. So I don't I'm not there yet with him, and I don't think you should be either. But Bruce Brown is an ad. 17 4 and 5, 2 steals in a block. He shot the ball well, but, I mean, 33 minutes is the key. The 12 shots is the key. He's gonna be a facilitator. When Gary tried comes back, I might I reserve the right to change my opinion on Bruce Brown. But for now, Quickley, Brown and Olinic are the 3 guys you're playing. Johntae Porter is gonna play the backup center minutes behind Kelly for the most part. He had a huge ball game yesterday, but, like, we've seen enough of his games to know that 6 reassists and 5 defensive stats and 2 3 pointers is not something he is particularly repeatable for him, especially not in 21 minutes. So quickly, Brown and Olenek. Those are your every dayers. For Detroit, the every dayers are Jalen Duran, who had another 2020 game. I freaking love Jalen Duran's rebounding. Remember I said that before the season started that one of my favorite things to watch in the NBA is Jalen Duran on the glass? If only he could've stayed fully healthy this year. You guys may have also remembered that one of my hot takes of the season was Jalen Duran could lead the league in rebounding, And he's not gonna do that, but he's with the hyper elite guys. He's with Sabonis, Gobert, AD, Jokic, Embiid, Giannis. Dern's ahead of 2 of those guys. Half a rebound behind AD and Jokic. I mean, this this is a this man is a rebounder. He's a beast. Love it. So Duran, Cade are the only 2 Pistons you can start right now in all formats. When Aussar Thompson comes back from the flu, he would be the 3rd. Isaiah Stewart got 3 blocks and 3 three pointers. He also shot 5 for 6. This, again, you know, this is, like, the good iteration, but we know Stewart really doesn't block that many shots. If you can catch lightning in a bottle, you know, good for you. It's more of a schedule play stuff. But as far as, you know, full season, we're talking full season on this show. Schedule play, we'll talk in the afternoon. I'll repeat that a 1000 times if I have to to to really get it to sink in. Duran, Cade, and then Thompson when he comes back. And you're like, damn, what about Ivy? Yeah. I left him off on purpose. Points leagues only. Fontecchio is close with Thompson out. I mean, 38 minutes is hard to look at and say, oh, you didn't you didn't do anything there. He's been scoring a decent amount. Funteccio's gonna get you some points in threes. Every once in a while, he'll tumble into a steal or 2. Call him borderline for, you know, games capping format or, you know, holding format kind of stuff. He's above schedule play, but he's more of a 50 50 kinda guy. Call it that doesn't matter type of group. When Michael Porter junior is hitting shots, the Nuggets are not beatable. Simple as that. Because Jamal Murray wasn't even good in this ball game, and they still they just pushed Miami back by 10, 15 points, and it and it really didn't change the whole damn ball game. There's no I have no fantasy thoughts on the Nuggets. They're just they remain a cut above, in my opinion, everybody else in the NBA with maybe the exception of the Celtics, but I'm not even sure about that. I just I don't know how anybody stops the Nuggets when they're focused, when they're really doing stuff. They're unstoppable. Jokic wasn't even good in this ball game. He was fine. He was sort of coasting. He was like, alright. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna fight with Bam Adebayo all night. I'll just let these other guys win this one. Speaking of Bam, Bam, Duncan Robinson, Terry Rose, or Jimmy Butler. Those are your 4 Miami Heat. That's an easy call. Colby White couldn't quite make it through overtime. He left at the end of regulation basically in the Chicago overtime win over Indiana. Tory Craig picked up the minutes in the short term. Don't be surprised if when the bulls play a team that's not trying to run run run run run run run like the Indiana Pacers that you don't get a little bit more Andre Drummond. And we've talked on this show before about the bull's schedule being a big factor in when Drummond actually gets to play basketball games. But if Kobe White has to miss a game or 2, they may not have a choice. Like, yeah, they might see more Torrey Craig, but they a team, they've sort of accepted the fact that they tend to be better when they go a little big. The opponents are not great for it. They've got the Clippers who don't play all that fast. You could probably run drumming there. The Wizards who don't really run anything. So, like, if you you mean, you could drumming if you want to. It doesn't matter. Wizards aren't gonna go big. So who controls the size of that ball game? Then you got the blazers. The question really then becomes, can Vooch hang with a power forward? And for the Blazers, power forward. If it's Jeremy Grant, the answer is no. If it's some random young dude, the answer is, of course. Yeah. Those guys are not very good. Rockets? So I don't know. I don't I would not pre add Drummond. I would say just keep an eye on that situation, find out what direction Chicago goes in the starting lineup for the next ballgame if Kobe White can't play. Otherwise, this is a start the starters team and has been for the year. Man, how good is Alex Caruso? I know Chicago still wants to delude themselves into making a playoff run. I just I'm so sad that they didn't trade him for all the assets, because it'd be so much fun to see him on a true contender and also see the bulls actually do a little bit of a proper rebuild. And, anyway, DeMar DeRozan, gotta pause on DeMar. DeMar is inside the top 30 now, people, on a per game basis. He's also played in 64 basketball games this year, a pillar of durability. Do you know what that puts DeMar on a totals basis? 1st round, number 12, ladies and gentlemen, DeMar DeRozan, by totals this year. Number 12. Is that nuts or is that nuts? Old men forever. Indiana. TJ McConnell continues to put up nice numbers even in only 20 minutes of ballgame. He had one bad one mixed in there, but, like, the other 6 or 7 have been very good. We're talking almost 3 weeks now. He's been a top 75 play in limited minutes. So you guys know I don't typically like to say, oh, yeah, you play the guy while they're hot. Well, the thing is, you know, I wouldn't even argue that he's that hot. It's just that the Pacers need his max energy style for those 20 minutes. He was part of the unit for the Pacers that played really well in this ballgame. They ended up losing. But and McConnell was a plus 15. His bench units were dominating the Bulls' bench. Dominating. He doesn't fit against everybody, and, you know, there are times where he just sort of has to come out because the matchup dictates it. But 20 minutes right now is enough for him, so go ahead and play TJ McConnell. He's in every dayer right now. Aaron Nesmith's soft hold. He's a hold, but he's a soft hold. At least he had 3 three pointers. No defensive stats. That's the thing that little bit of a letdown, but usually you'll get a steal. And you get a steal, and he makes one more shot in this game, and you're like, oh, that's a pretty good ballgame. So hold on, Nesmith. Cleveland got Donovan Mitchell back, and now, magically, they're good again. By the way, it's not magic. Funny thing is he didn't even play all that well. Just having Donovan Mitchell around makes the Cavs 9,000 times better. George Niang still filling in for Max Struss, 16 and 6 with 4 3 pointers. You can, I would say, probably play Niang while Struss is out? Sam Merrill had 5 threes and 9 assists. I don't know where that that came from, but you're not picking him up. Caris LaVirt is likely a drop as is Isaac Okoro with Donovan Mitchell back. Those guys are just not gonna have enough to do on a night to night basis. And then for, Okoro, it's about sort of rolling up stats. He'll stay closer. Lavert is all about the points league stuff. So if the volume isn't there, then he's not gonna be close because the percentages are always gonna be a mess. On the other side, no real big adjustments. Pelicans outside of Zion pretty much got smoked in this ball game. Where is CJ McCollum ranked these days? I haven't looked in a while. I know it's by totals, he's not all that high. But remember, he was in, like, the the late teens, early twenties for a while. 47. The great leveling, ladies and gentlemen, kinda happened while nobody was watching. Jonas Valachounis got run off the floor. That's happened a few times lately, which is annoying, but you're gonna hang on. They tried Zion at center, tried maybe going small against the giant opponent, didn't work. Whoopsies. Oh, well, onto the next one. Herb Jones, you're holding. Trey Murphy, you're holding. He's been super duper hot. I know he wasn't great in this ball game, but you gotta give these guys a little bit more time. Charlotte beat Memphis in a battle of the zombie teams. Vasilij Mitcic continue to stream him for Cody Martin. Cray excuse me. Treyman was back. Did not have a particularly impressive ballgame, but you can start him in most formats and hope for that top 100 range. Grant Williams is a coin flip. He's been pretty good lately. I'll give him that. Better as a starter, better as a center. So I'm gonna say doesn't matter. Put him in the doesn't matter group. You could start him. You could not start him against your game's cap. I don't think it's gonna matter all that much. So Trey Mann, soft, yes. Brandon Miller, Miles Bridges, obviously. Mitcic, yes right now until Cody Martin shows back up again, which still sounds like it's at least a week away. Nick Richards, low end center, so he's kind of a doesn't matter also. And then Alexei Pokhachevsky played 26 and a half minutes. If he suddenly starts to play, like, legitimate minutes on this team, then he would be an ad, because there are very few guys in the NBA that can do what he can do. The problem is, he's still built like Jack Skellington, and the only way he's gonna have success against is against other teams that have no idea what they're doing, which is basically Memphis right now. So I'm hesitant to call him anything other than a watch list. And, Davis Bretons, as expected, not a 12 team guy. Schedule play, sure, if you want, but yeah. For Memphis so here's the thing. Like, we could spend 10 minutes now, talking about who to start and who not to start on the Grizzlies. I could do a whole freaking show on it, but you wanna know why it's not really worth our time? I'll tell you why. Because we have no idea who's playing for Memphis until 2 hours before the ball game starts. In most roto leagues, the moves are made a day before. So talking about the grizzlies isn't helpful. There's nothing we can do with that information an hour and a half before the ball game starts when you find out, oh, okay. So j j j's out, and, Jon Conchoir is in, and Luke Kennard is in, but might sit out the next one. And Jordan Goodwin, we used up another of his games, but he came off the bench for this one, because Scottie Pippen junior needed to start, who by the way, keep an eye on Scottie Pippen junior also. And let's see. Vince Williams is still out, but, Santel Dama's also out. Trey Jamieson remains in and playing 32 minutes tonight. So here's the thing. I can't possibly tell you today who to play in the Grizzlies next ballgame. There's just no way, because I don't know if Jonkonchar is gonna play. And, I don't know if j j j is gonna play, and I don't know if Santi Al Dama is gonna play. And I don't know if Luke Kennard is gonna play. So how could I possibly tell you which of these fill in guys is useful? Jake LaRavia has been a Steel's menace lately, but, otherwise, he was quite bad in this ballgame. But he got 30 minutes, so he's close. Loravy is close. Gigi Jackson actually shot the ball a little bit better, but likely to tank you on the sort of a day to day with him. Nice nice scoring numbers, but he doesn't get any defensive stats, and, typically, he shoots the ball worse than this. Kennard, if I knew he was gonna play starters minutes, I'd be able to say go, but we don't know. Do you wanna put Kennard on your bench in roto and spot play him? I guess I'm okay with that. Jordan Goodwin is probably good enough in a spot play. Vince Williams and j j j are definitely good enough when they're starting. Jon Konchari took 8 shots. If we knew he was gonna take 8 shots, he'd be an everyday's guy easy, but I have no idea. So I'd love to tell you to go out and pick up 4 of these guys, but, also, they might not even play in their next ballgame, which I think is still a day or 2 away. Memphis doesn't play today or tomorrow. They play Saturday against the Thunder. So we don't even get more information. We're I'm like, we're not gonna know who's in and who's out for roughly 2 days. That game's against Oklahoma City at home for roughly, like, 2 days and 6 hours from now, then we'll know who to play for Memphis. I really like Jonkonchar's 9 cat game. Trey Jamison's 9 cat game is okay. I really like Jordan Goodwin's 9 cat game. I kinda like Luke Kennard's 9 cat game. I don't like Gigi Jackson's. Scottie Pippen Junior's, I kinda like. Jake LaRavius, I kinda like. Obviously, I like Vince Williams and jjj, but, like, these guys can't all coexist. So we just have to wait and find out which 5 or 6 are in on a given night and then make our call from there. It sucks that that's the way we have to do it. I'd love to be able to say, hey, go do a thing. Can't do a thing. By the way, shout out for to Denver's in the chat room for basically telling me, Dan, go look at your news feed. Luka Doncic out, ruled out already early in the morning, which I hate to say, but kinda augurs poorly for his game against Denver on Sunday, but at least he's got 2 days off before that one. Maverick's schedule gets extremely light. And if you wanted to, I don't know that I would unless you're on a team with only one game left this week. You could move to, like, a Tim Hardaway junior because he'll have a big role here today and maybe Sunday. I don't think I'd recommend it, though, but this is, I mean, this is a brutal blow if you're a team that's been relying on Luca all season long. For me personally, this is, like, the greatest news I could have broken on the show today. And I tweeted about it last night. Luka Doncic, incredible. One of the best players in the world, a wizard. I like, you watch him play, and you're like, how can he do this? He's not moving all that fast, but he's just, like, a little bit bigger than you realize and so smooth and creates space, and he's so brilliant with angles, and he's and, like, everything about it is just a joy. But I'm also playing against him in both of my cash head to head leagues right now. Both of them have Luca on the other side. And if he doesn't play these 2 ball games, my chances of winning the weeks go from, like, 30% in one league where I don't think I'm gonna win, but I like, Fluka's out better than 5050. And in the other one, which is probably, like, a 60% chance, even if Luka plays, probably goes up to, like, 80 or 85. I guess it's a big deal for me that he just got ruled out. You guys don't care nor should you, but I do about my leagues. I'm trying to get a new laptop over here, man. I gotta win some head to head leagues because Roto, they split the money a little bit smaller. You know, Roto take a second place. That's a big drop off from 1st. I love being in the money, but it's hard when you're playing in a bunch of Roto leagues to really rack up the big bucks. Head to head, you can rack up the big bucks. You throw a couple of first places in there, and it's a windfall. I'm gonna say the following, and you guys are gonna think that it's a cop out, but it's not a cop out. Steph Curry is expected back for the warriors in their weekend game against the lakers, so pretty much ignore this ballgame. Pretty much ignore the last 2, frankly, for the warriors. Anything you did related to Golden State streamer level guys was, pretty well localized to a 2 game sample. So Brandon Pogemski, couple of good ball games, but Steph's coming back, so he's liable to trend down. Trace Jackson Davis getting bonus playing time because they wanted him in there alongside Chris Paul so that CP 3 had a rim runner, a lob threat, basically, because part of what makes Chris Paul as good as he is as a point guard is having guys that can get towards the bucket. Because if he's looking for a short role on Draymond Green, which is a lot a lot of what happens with Steph, and then he's cutting and he's moving back out. Chris Paul's not a not a distance threat the way Steph is, and, frankly, he's not a threat near the rim the way the way Steph is. So that scheme didn't really work. Draymond sat this ball game out, by the way, so that meant, even safer role for Trace Jackson Davis. But I expect Dre and Steph back over the weekend, so expect Jackson Davis to taper off. I think Podgemski tapers off. Klay, you hold on to, and he's very up and down this year, but you're holding on to him because he's been just barely good enough. And then Andrew Wiggins seems like he's playing enough now to where he can stick around on your team. And we just talked about the Dallas Mavericks a minute ago. No Luca for their ball game tonight, which means Kyrie Irving is gonna get a lot of stuff to do. Daniel Gafford, this might blow up what and I don't know how many people are aware of this, but Daniel Gafford has made 33 consecutive buckets. Can you believe that? That's wild. I mean, I love me some Daniel Gafford, but that is exceptional. He's now shooting 71% from the field on the year, and he hasn't missed a shot since March 3rd. 7 for 7, 5 for 5, 7 for 7, 9 for 9, 5 for 5 again. Ridiculous. Ridiculous run for Daniel Gafford over that stretch. And, of course, it's catapulted him back up where he belonged, which is number 34 per game, 9 Cat, in 24 and 45 seconds minutes per game. 3rd round in under 25 minutes a game. Daniel Gafford, one of the best per minute producers in all of fantasy. He is one of the hugest Old Man Squad wins of the year. And why I I yelled and yelled and yelled and pleaded and pleaded with you all to just please hang on to Gafford post trade as long as humanly possible. I know it was getting hard, but, I mean, like, he only needed 20 minutes to be fantasy playable. But no Luca now. Can Kyrie get him open enough to break the record, which I think is 35? A Wilt Chamberlain record, 35 consecutive shots made, and Daniel Gafford has a chance to break it in the Mavericks ball game tonight if he makes his first three in a row. Amazing. Love it. Derek Lively, Maxey Kleba, by the way, is doubtful for the Mavs ball game due to a toe situation. So that means Derek Lively would probably also be playable, if you wanted to go sort of 1 night stand on Derek Lively. PJ Washington's been a hot, and you guys know I tend not to ride the hot hand. Although, again, with Luka out, that probably means I mean, Luka's typically taken, you know, between 2025 shots a ball game and, you know, 6 to 9 free throws a game. You put that usage back in the main pool. There's only so much Kyrie can take from that. Even if you gave Kyrie 7 or 8 of those 22 shots, that still leaves 15 left. So PJ Washington's gonna get some Tim Hardaway junior is gonna get at least a half dozen, I would think. He's probably streamable for one game. And then I mean, this is what happens when one of the stars goes down. You look at Tim Hardaway, you look at Dante Exham is back and starting to play better again. He might be playable tonight. But you know me, I don't dabble in the mites against the game's cap. So Kyrie, yes. Gaffer, yes. Tim Hardaway, I'll say yes. Even if he's not starting, they're he's gonna take a bunch of shots. And then yes also to PJ Washington, but I'm not gonna trust the other guys. It's it's a bit of a roll of the dice. Got a few Rui Hachimura questions. He's been very good for the Lakers, but he really doesn't do anything besides score mostly from the midrange, which is, like, the least useful place to score from in Fantasy. You're not getting the 3 pointers and, you know, to Rui's credit, he's hitting all of his mid range shots, but you're not getting the the boost of a lot of dunks to your field goal percent. He did boost the field goal percent, but he is just not he's not good enough on the side. So, schedule play for Hachamora, and the Lakers have a terrible schedule, so move along. Keon Ellis filled in for Keegan Murray the previous ballgame. He filled in for Kevin Herter in this ballgame, and, he's been great. He was awesome on Dame. He was awesome on D'Lo, and he was a big time difference maker. Shot 5 for 8, including 3 3 pointers, which is a big deal because the Lakers were kinda daring him to hit from the outside, and the Kings just went bananas from 3 point land. And, frankly, there's just you're not gonna win that ballgame if, like, if if the Kings are hitting 19 threes and shooting 52%, you're not gonna beat them. Doesn't matter how well you play on the other side. And everybody's like, oh, the Lakers were horrible. Actually, I don't think the Lakers as a team were all that bad. Austin Reeves played well. Ruhi played very well. LeBron was actually not very good in this ballgame. He rebounded well, but he didn't shoot at all. Dilo was bad, and then AD has so much trouble with Demona Sabonis. I really don't know why the Lakers don't go big and just try to get Anthony Davis off of Sabonis as much as humanly possible, not have to fight with him for rebounds. It it exhausts AD, and the Lakers just keep pushing the same button and expecting a different result. It ain't happening, guys. He's too strong. There are, like, 3 guys in the NBA that Anthony Davis cannot deal with. Sabonis, Jokic, and those two guys have a lot of similarities, and then Joel Embiid, who's also gigantic. The other big dudes are too slow. AD goes around him. So even if he gets beat up a little bit, he can go kind of around and over. But those guys are these guys we're talking about are too big and quick enough to stay in AD's way and sorta, like, push him out too far. You can't quite go around him the way he can around someone like, say, a Jonas Valancunas, who's giant and gives him a little trouble at the other end of the floor. But AD and the whole Lakers team would just play that dude off the court. I don't know why the Lakers don't try something different. But in any event, good news for the Kings, because, you know, they were hot. Harrison Barnes had 7 3 pointers. If you had him going, congratulations. He's had 2 pretty good games in a row. He is gonna play more. I'll say this to for Barnes. He's gonna play more because Trey Lyles is out, and he did more because Kevin Herter was out. So there were a couple of extra things that came his way, But I still don't wanna play him against the game's cap. Keon Ellis, I'm not playing against the game's cap. Also, Kevin Herter might be back. The Kings go into a pretty clunky scheduling stretch here. They got one game the rest of this week and 2 games over 6 days before a 5 and 7 that starts Wednesday of next week, which, again, only relevant if your league continues beyond next week. Otherwise, you only get 3 of those 5 games. But if you have a king the rest of this like, if you were thinking about picking up Keon Ellis, like, what's your hurry? Because Hurter might be back, and then Keon goes back to playing 19, 20 minutes instead of closer to 30. And finally, the Atlanta Hawks who stink. Sorry, hawks. That's okay. You hawks fans know. They're 7 games under 500. They still somehow have the 10 seed because, the teams below them in the east are even worse. And we were wondering, would anybody pick up slack for the combination of Sadik Bey and Jalen Johnson? And the answer is no. No. Nobody did. Vit Kretche had 7 points in 31 minutes. Took 4 a grand total of 4 shots, so he didn't do anything. D'Jontay Murray took 29 shots. He had a field day, but nobody else could do anything. You're playing Murray. You're playing Bogdan Bogdanovic. You're playing Deandre Hunter, who I know wasn't good in this ballgame, but there's just enough for him to do. And you're playing Clint Capela for the Hawks right now. You are not dabbling in Garrison Matthews or Bruno Fernando or Kreccy or Trent Forrest or Wesley Matthews who played 14 minutes before? I assume he left the ball game because a leg fell off. No. I'm being told no. His limbs are all okay. Good. Portland. So how many raise your hand if you thought that the Blazers veterans would be, like, mostly playing at this point of March? Any of you? 2? Yeah. This is kind of surprising. But here's the thing. Simon's missed a bunch of time earlier in the year. Ayton missed a bunch of time earlier in the year. So these are guys that are, like, screw it, man. Like, we already had our rest. We don't wanna be shut down because we already sort of pre shut things down. Now, you know, for Simons, he's number 95 because all he does is score, hit 3 pointers for the most part. He's a good free throw shooter as well, but there's a lot of holes in his 9 cat game. Still, obviously, he's a start because a bunch of guys are out, and he's gonna take a bazillion shots. And then Deandre Ayton, who had a great start to the year and then went through a prolonged slow stretch is back up to number 41 on a per game basis in 9 cat, but he only played 43 games so far this year. And time is at 42. So if rest, quote, unquote, rest is what you're looking for, I mean, these guys already got it. Even if they play all of their games down the stretch right now, we're still only talking how many games the blazers have left? They're at 65. They got 17 games left. Like, they could play all of them, and they'd get to around 60. You think these guys need more rest than that? Jeremy Grant's, by the way, in the low fifties. So if you think he might play a little more down the stretch, yeah, maybe you get another 7, 8 games out of him, like half games. I think Grant is going halftime, and I think Ayton and Simons are probably going, like, 3 quarter to 4 5ths time. Cool beans, man. The other blazer you can play every day is Matheus Stibel, who is head to head roto, I don't care, schedule, I don't care. He's too valuable right now for what he does on the defensive side. Good news, of course, is that Portland has a very good schedule starting, like, basically at the, the whole month of March. They are hyper loaded through the month of month of March, the blazers are. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 games between March 1st March 29th. And then they're off for 2 days at the very end of the month. That's the only time in the entire month they have back to back days off. And they have 1, 2, 3, 4 back to backs in there. I mean, that's that is as loaded as schedules you can get, and that's why guys are getting some days off also. But, like, Matisse Stiebel, in that run, herculean defensive stats. You don't really think about the kind of damage he can do in 25 to 35 minutes playing with, like, very few usage guys around him. It's extraordinary. He's been great. And then anybody else on this team is a schedule play right now. Don't say but what about no. Schedule play. They're all schedule plays. Jeremy Gran, obviously, you play him when he's in there. So that's your recap. Quick check-in the chat room before we wrap this thing up. We already talked about, Tristan Vukovich. Any chance Gary Trent junior comes back this week? Yeah. There's a chance. He was questionable until about 2 hours before their last ball game, and then he got downgraded to doubtful. So to that end, I'd be a little surprised if he played tomorrow, but I I don't think you can rule Sunday out yet. James Wiseman versus Jaimee Haquez junior in a points league. I actually think I'd probably go Haquez. I know Wiseman's been a little bit better lately, not like a total dumpster fire, but he's still a super low minute backup to Jalen Duran, and Jaquez was gonna play mid twenties in minutes. So you just, like in my eyes, you go with the guy who probably plays a tiny bit more. Do I drop Draymond Green or Kelli Olynyk to bring Kawhi off the injured list? Is Kawhi playing? I didn't see anything about him in. You might not have to worry about that, friends. I think Kawhi probably misses a game or 2, so you probably don't have to worry about it. But if you did, the guy you'd be ring the guy you'd be dropping is Draymond Green. You're definitely not dropping Kelly Olynyk. He's he's a monster right now. Brook Lopez was dropped by a playoff team that's hurting. Do I pick him up? Yeah. The Milwaukee schedule sucks. They play today. They play Sunday. They only have 3 next week, including a Sunday game. So, you know, starting today, they have 4 games over 8 days, but starting tomorrow, they have only 3 over 7. And they have 1 over 5 starting tomorrow. I'm gonna say no, actually, because after today, their schedule is sort of untenable. Surprise. Surprise. You didn't think I was gonna say that. Do you think Gaffer's gonna be worse with Luca out? Yeah. A little bit. Little bit. Is Porzingis a drop? You know, if you're in a head to head league and you can't stash him, is he really the worst injured player? Because he should be IL eligible by now. Surely, you have someone worse than Porzingis you can drop instead. That's also hurt. But, yeah, you can't take zeros if you're in the playoffs right now. So should I drop Spencer Dinwiddie for someone from the YMCA? Yes. Which Mitchell rob with Mitchell Robinson coming back, I dropped Isaiah Hartenstein for Grady Dick. Was it the right choice? Well, I don't know about Grady Dick as the pickup, but, yeah, Hartenstein, you could drop. He just he hasn't been good because of the Achilles in the minutes cap. And I think I said it on yesterday's show or the day before. It sucks because his upside is insane, but Hartstein is not gonna play enough. Isn't Gary Trent just a 3 cat guy with point threes and steals with nothing else? So here's the thing, guys. The answer to that question is sorta. Yeah. Also, in general, he's a decent free throw shooter. I know he's not doing all that well there this year, but, typically, yes. But the thing is, there's a difference between being a 3 cat guy who is a disaster in other stuff and a 3 cat guy who only just kind of doesn't hurt you all that much in other stuff, and that's where the math weighs out. So over the last 3 weeks, basically, since Gary Trent started getting starters level minutes, he's number 80 in 9 cat. And you're like, damn, there are other guys that are 3 cat guys who you talk about being ranked in the 1 50 range. Yeah. It has to do with how good or bad they are in the other categories. Also, how good or bad they are in the ones where they are good. And Gary Trent is good in points, very good in threes, and very good in steals, typically. Okay. Great. You got 3, like, medium sized positives. He also doesn't turn the ball over, which is good for 9 Cat. Field goal percent is gonna be a medium sized negative, and, obviously, you're not getting any blocks. But, like, he's gonna get you 2 to 3 assists per game most of the time, which isn't good, but it's not destroy your team bad. And he's gonna get you 3 to 4 rebounds per game, which isn't good, but it's sort of like in that shooting guard window. And the math and that's the beauty of, you know, a basketball monster rank page or Yahoo rank page or we're gonna have one coming at sports ethos before next season. These rank pages do the math for you. They'll tell you if the good outweighs the bad. And for Trent, it does. It's a good question. Is Vince Williams a drop, or do I hope he plays next week? I just I don't know, man. I think probably I mean, if you have to make the call, like, if you're in a buy or something, you can wait because Memphis has a game in a couple of days. Otherwise yeah. I mean, if you're in a playoff battle right now, that's a drop. Thoughts on Marvin Bagley coming back? I'd have no idea. I would think next week or the week after, maybe, but it also possibly doesn't play at all. I I I I really don't know because that team is in a weird spot. Grady Dick or Ahman Thompson points leagues. Give me Thompson. I'm also playing Luka in my head to head, and I have Kyrie, so yay finals next week. Well, we got a 2 gamer next week, so rut row. Duncan Robinson or Bilal for a Sunday stream? Probably Duncan. He's been reliably good and safe, and his the holes in Duncan Robinson's fantasy game are smaller than the holes in Coolobili's fantasy game or Jonathan Isaac. Well, Jonathan Isaac, you need blocks. Otherwise, not Jonathan Isaac. Funny story here. I actually did pick up Jonathan Isaac in one league because I the only prayer I have of winning that playoff matchup, which is, again, against one of these teams with Luca, is to win threes or a comeback in threes and hold on to blocks. On a team that has Wenby and Chet. Kevin helped me. We'll see. You're the best, Dan. Thank you, Dan the man. Hey. Thank you, guys. You know, I went to a, my wife took me to a James Taylor concert for I think it was my 30th birthday, so that's a long time ago now. It was at the Hollywood Bowl. Maybe it was, like, 32. I don't remember. Maybe we didn't have a kid yet. And in the middle of the concert, we were we were halfway up because, you know, we're regular people. And we could hear this woman yell well, I forget the exact oh, what was the exact phrasing? You I think it was you rule. It was a funny thing to hear somebody scream at a James Taylor concert because James Taylor is, what, in the seventies now? And right in the middle of getting ready to play his next song, he turns, looks at her, tips his little beret, and says, no, madam. You rule. So to you who say, thank you, Dan the man, or you're the best, Dan, Marco, no, sir. You're the best. Anyway, you're all welcome, and thank you all. I didn't stop to, dive into promo that much today, but I would very much appreciate it if you guys checked out our pals over atmanscaped.com. That promo code is ethos20, and I'm actually gonna type it in the chat room so that people can just quickly see it over there. Ethos2zero@manscaped.com gets you 20% off and free shipping on your order. They have things as small as luxury nail kits. If you're ever wondering, how do Dan's nails look so reasonable? Reasonable is my target line, by the way, for how I exist in life. It's MANSCAPED's sheers. That's how. How does Dan's facial hair seem somewhat groomed some of the time? Well, when I actually bother to do it, it's all MANSCAPED. Everything I use on personal hygiene, my nails, my facial hair, my neck hair, whatever, sideburns, it's all MANSCAPED. Everything I do. I'm not kidding. I own no other facial hair or personal grooming implements from anywhere. They've been kind enough to send them to me for free as a show host, which is good, but you guys can get them for 20% off over atmanscape.com with promo code ethos20. Please do go get yourself some kind of Fantasy Pass Baseball draft guide is out right now at Sports Ethos. Check out the, Discord. Free link in our show description if you wanna hang out with fellow Ethosians over there. Again, it's free link in the show description. We got all the other stuff in there for our partners at ExpressVPN and for MANSCAPED and for the draft guide and all that stuff. And then please, please, please take a second on your way out to like and subscribe. And if you're listening where you can rate it, please do that as well. Have a, wonderful, wonderful couple of hours. I'll be back with you in about 3, 3 and a half hours to do our streaming show. See you then.