Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright. So some dude dropped 50 last night, and, I don't wanna say it was the least likely because, you know, like, Doo Wop Wreath is still out there, but it was pretty damn surprising. Malachi freaking Flynn. Malachi Flynn. Fifty points on 25 shots off the bench. Crazy. His team lost, but that's because he plays for Detroit. Not Malachi's fault. It's pretty wild when you consider the fact that he shot 72% on 25 shots, and the team still shot under 46% overall. That's not good enough. Jaden Ivey shooting 3 out of 15 may have had something to do with it. Marcus Sasser was what? 3 out of 13? Come on, guys. Hit a freaking shot. Someone else. Poor Detroit. Poor Detroit. Anyhoo, welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. I'm Dan Vasquez. Still, we are winding it out here, folks. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and then one more week. 11 days. It's all we got left. It's crazy. Playoffs begin, and our job switches quickly to figuring out what went right and what went wrong in a season gone by. We'll start that basically the the day the season ends. Season ends on Sunday, April, what is that, 13th, 14th, something like that. And the very next day, we'll have a show on Monday. We will immediately start to figure out what lessons we could take away from this year, Whether they be the same ones, previous seasons, sometimes certain lessons carry over, require us to do a little kinda extra emphasis on the wrong salable, and some of them will be new. We'll go through the old man squad. We'll go through Yahoo's ranks. It'll be a prolonged dive into everything that we could have taken away from this most recent year. So with that in mind, I say please do take a moment to like and specifically subscribe because I'd love it if you guys hung out with us all off season long. That's when I need you the most because there are boring days in an NBA off season. And if I got you guys out there to come hang with, that'll make it a whole hell of a lot easier. Let's talk fantasy basketball. We're gonna immediately start with the Malachi Flynn game. It's Flynn day, everybody. By the way, it's also Metu Day who had 28 minutes again and at 9, 5, and 3 with 5 steals and a block in yesterday's ballgame. And I think I can we can officially say that Metu is pick upable. That's reasonable. That's the way that people talk. You can pick up Metu. I mean, I feel like I feel like you kinda have to. He's playing great ball right now. Now, from a scheduling standpoint, Detroit's schedule was a good one, yesterday because they had 3 games in 4 nights, so that was a really intriguing grab. I realized today, if you're head to head, is not really the day to do it. But they do have a back to back tomorrow and the following day. He's basically had 4 good games, not great, 4 good games in a row. And 5 of his last 6 have been solid, mostly because he's piling up defensive stats, which I realize maybe not a thing that can last forever. He's right around the edge of the top 100 over the last 2 weeks. Over the last week, he's kind of like a top 80 range guy. He's also, by the way, only shooting 43% over that stretch. But the steals and the blocks are carrying him. So I'm good with it. If you need steals and blocks and enough rebounds to not hurt you there, Metu's become that guy. Kind of a fun little unexpected ad. I don't know what the hell happened with Cade yesterday. Cade Cunningham was not on the injury report, and then, like, 20 minutes before the game, he just they decided, never mind. Jaden Ivy, again, I don't know how many times I gotta get yelled at about this dude. Typically, when Kate is out, he's startable in 9 cat. When Kate is in, he's not close. He's a points league guy only. And then yesterday, you saw why is he a points league guy only? Well, that's why. I'd rather have Marcus freaking Sasser, who by the way, keep one eye on Sasser because he's kind of playing some point guard. And if Flynn doesn't go crazy, then Sasser probably has a slightly better ballgame. You know, head to head yesterday, part of that, you know, 3 and 4 set made sense. Roto, I you know, this is not a situation you're overextending yourself for Marcus Sasser. I'd rather have met you, and, certainly, if you you didn't have Flynn for this ballgame, which very few people did, it certainly ain't getting better from there. Might as well just do the other side of the same ballgame, and then we'll sort of cycle back to the beginning of the card. Jalen Johnson, triple double. Man, if he could've just stayed healthy all season long. Jalen Johnson, Clint Capela, Bogdan Bogdanovic, Dejounte Murray. Those are the 4 guys you can play every night. Deandre Hunter had a better ballgame here. If he's heating back up, that'd be nice. But for the most part, he's a points kind of efficiency stream when he's on his game. Doesn't get many steals or blocks. Doesn't typically do a ton of rebounding or assisting. He had a few more in this ballgame, and, obviously, it helps when you're playing a team like Detroit that has no idea how to guard anyone. But De'Andre Hunter, in my eyes, is more of a doesn't matter range dude who you play when you need scoring on usually an okay field goal percent and then, you know, maybe a heck couple of rebounds basically, but that's sort of it. Alright. Rolling back to the top. Portland and Charlotte had themselves a real lovely 89, 86 ballgame. The answer to the question of, who wins a slap fight? Well, so Deandre Ayton is still playing for some reason. I don't entirely understand why, but we'll take it because I I do have him on a couple of teams. I figured he'd be a nice source of boards and points and field goal percent, and he still is. Missed a bunch of time in the be in the middle of the year, and that might be why that he's still playing. Jabari Walker had one of his big games shot horribly, but he did have 22 rebounds, so that's hard to overlook. And, again, there's this whole, like, how good you need to even be from a fantasy standpoint to have value if you're playing 40 minutes a night? The answer is not that good. But yet somehow, the Pistons have some guys that even if they play 40 minutes a night, I'm still not really sold on making them fantasy ads. In fact, Jabari Walker over the last week is averaging 39 minutes of ballgame, and he's outside the top 150 because he's averaging 12 and 11 on 32% shooting and basically nothing else. So Jabari Walker, a low level doesn't matter play, who's basically a rebounds stream. I freaking rather have Andre Drummond in half the minutes. Banton was okay in this one. He's above the cut line in that same stretch of time. Although, you know, he has issues also. Last week, Banton is shooting 37% on extraordinarily high volumes Even though he's at 17 5 and 3 with almost 2 steals and 2 3 pointers, he's outside the top 150. But the difference there is that there's just a lot more upside with Banton, Mostly because he's probably not gonna shoot super high volume 36 a half percent. You gotta figure that probably creeps up into the forties, and that's frankly all it would take for him to be inside the top 100. Free throw numbers are lower over the last week, but overall, he's not a terrible foul shooter. And then you're getting points, boards, assists, steals, blocks, threes. It's if you can get a guy that can get you all of those and just, like, isn't completely ruining you in the efficiency stuff, then you're doing okay. And prior to this last week for Banton, it was really more of, like, a field goal percent is not great or bad at times, and then free throw is kind of okay. But, again, this is that same thing. Like, you have to be good at more than a few categories to be good at 9 cat. I'd rather have Banton. He's my second favorite play on Portland right now behind, obviously, Deandre Ayton. And then you got Scudu at 22 and 10, but he's an efficiency black hole, basically, with very few defensive stats, typically bad turnovers, and both percentages have been kinda rough. Although, field goal percent was better in this one, so he's points league only. And that's basically as far as you go with Portland. Chris Murray is the guy we've talked about as, like, a very, very, very low end. I just need a guy to fill in a a roster slot, but there's no fun there. So why do it if it's not even a tiny bit fun? No Nick Richards and no Vasilyevicic for Charlotte in this ballgame. So Grant Williams played point center. He had 5.7 boards and eleven assists. He's a play when Nick Richards is out. I know his shooting wasn't great in this ballgame, but you can stream Grant Williams for Richards. Davis Berton's got the start, and, I mean, 4 steals is not a repeatable number. So no. Brandon Miller, you play. No Miles Bridges, by the way, in this game either, so that allowed JT Thor to start. Don't care. Trey Mann, he's basically a steals, some boards, some assists, low end stream. It's messy, man. I I don't know who's gonna play for Charlotte in their next ballgame. Obviously, if Miles Bridges plays, you play him. Brandon Miller's a play. Grant Williams is a play with Richards out, and that's probably as far as you go against a game's cap. And then for head to head, you could run a guy like Trey Mann out there because at least he's seemingly playing nightly. Yucky. Lakers got productivity from all 5 starters. No huge surprise there given they play the Wizards who don't defend at all. Life will be slightly more complicated here coming up. Lakers playing a Cavs team that's gonna be presumably at full strength, though I think they've got it back to back there. But look. You think Donovan Mitchell's gonna skip the Lakers to play the Clippers? No chance. They'll play their guys against the Lakers. They'll rest some of their guys against the Clippers. So Lakers are probably not gonna put up points quite the way they have been. Cavs and the Wolves and Warriors, these are 3 teams that are playing really good defense lately. Well, Cavs are a little messy overall, but typically a pretty good defensive team. So what happens there? There may be a tapering for Rui Hachimura, but, you know, for the moment, he's still playable. And then the main 4 guys are kind of your obvious choice. Nice game here from AD. 15 out of 15 at the free throw line. Kinda needed that. Not that he was trending down or anything, but the free throw number had dropped and was not a positive. He had kinda fallen back to a neutral. This game pushed him back up to a positive free throw marker. Cool. For the Wizards, Denny Avila left this game partway. He was dealing with a migraine, that allowed Corey Kispert a little bit of extra stuff to do, but, typically, I don't like to play Corey in unless Kuzma's out. And Kuzma was in because he knew damn well he was gonna play against the Lakers. Tristan Vukovic, 15 points. I don't really care. He's not gonna get full starters minutes, and you knew he was gonna have trouble with Anthony Davis. He had 5 fouls in his 20 minutes. I really just want Rashaun Holmes coming back. I'm not picking up Vuksovic. I I just I know he might be okay here in a very short run. I'm not gonna risk it. Jordan Poole just continues to play. I there may be a little bit of an Iron Man thing going on. I would love it if he'd sit a game or 2 because then I'd go Jared Butler, and I'd go also super hard Jared Butler. That dude's got a pretty good fantasy game, and we're not really being allowed to fully see it. We had 97 here, 7 assists, 3 steals, a block, a 3 pointer. He's had a couple of games where his assists have been up around 10 already, but it's just not reliable. It's not happening every ballgame or even every other ballgame, and he kinda need it to be, like, every 2 out of 3 ish, which I don't think happens unless one of these main usage guys, whether maybe it's Avdia. Maybe that's all we'd really need. But I do think that pool being out of the way would be the easy path here to get Jared Butler some more stuff. So for now, your pool, your Kuzma, your Avdia, that's it. And you take it day by day as you have to do basically with every team right now. Thunder are down most of their key guys, so you're in should I bother streaming anybody mode. And the answer is kinda. This game was a blowout, so it not a great look at who the streamers would be, but with Shea and Jalen Williams out, you can generally go Lou Dorton, Josh Giddey, and just, you know, don't expect too much. Celtics spanked them. Boston's starting to play with a little bit of a purpose again. Yeah. You got slightly better games out of Pritchard and, Horford, but some of that was again because this game was over early. So, you know, Jayson Tatum only playing 29 minutes. Pretty good example of how the game was done. Huge game here from Kristaps Porzingis. Really, really nice ballgame for KP who moves up. By the way, I know he's missed a lot of ballgames, but Porzingis is number 15 per game this year. He's right back there again. 27 and 12 with a steal, 5 blocks, and 3 three pointers. That was a true unicorn. That was a true unicorn. Indy lost at Brooklyn. Oops. No Miles Turner. May have played a role in this one. Bad Pascal Siakam definitely played a role in this one. Jalen Smith started for Miles Turner and was fine. I, you know, I was kinda hoping for more, but he was part of units that were just getting run right off the court because Jaylen Smith defensively is not very good. You know, he gets a block every now and then, but in terms of, like, actual rim protection or deterrence, you could just go right through him. What does that mean for Indi? What does that mean for Jalen Smith? Well, I I don't know if Miles Turner might be back for their next ball game. That's a possibility. They've got the Thunder. We don't know who's gonna be playing in that ball game coming up next. So what we got in this one was Jalen Smith and Isaiah Jackson basically splitting the center minutes. And if that's the case, then both guys are, like, right on the cusp of fantasy value. With Jalen Smith, you probably want about 24, 25 minutes. With Jackson, He could probably get it done in about 22. I kinda wanna see it again before I'm willing to make a claim or sort of make a call on either of these guys. So Jalen Smith, Isaiah Jackson, call them kinda watch listy. If you really needed rebounds and probably some field goal percent, you could go Jalen Smith in a pinch because you assume he's starting. And if he's starting, he's gonna get 20 minutes. So he's least at least he's not gonna really burn you. 20 minutes of Jalen Smith, you can probably get, like, 7, 8 points and, you know, 7 to 9 rebounds also, which is kinda nice. And maybe, like yesterday, he would fall into a steal or block. So, yeah, you could probably go Jalen Smith if you need some big man stats. If you don't specifically need big man stats, you're just going for, like, a nice big across the board line, that's where I would say watch list. But, again, this time of year, you're category hunting, and Smith would make a lot of sense for boards and field goal percent and maybe a little bit of other stuff if he happens to play a good ball game, which he didn't really hear. I tried to warn you jerks about Trenton Watford. I was getting yelled at about him. And, you know, life I don't wanna complain. I don't need you guys feeling bad for me, but life as the fantasy analyst is a weird one sometimes because I'm out here on an island getting yelled at for whatever, and I have to come back on every day. I don't have to. I choose to. It's nice. It's fun. I come back on here every day, and I have to go over what I got right and what I got wrong. You guys can yell at me with no ramifications for it. Dan, you're too late on Trenton Watford. I'm not. There needs to be another guy out. And in fact, a guy came back. That was Cam Johnson who got a game off for rest. Watford now is 2 guys away. When Johnson was out, Watford got real close. We need 2 guys. Noah Clowney had a crazy 22 at 10 games that also factored into it, but he's not there yet. McHale Bridges, who can't shoot, you're still starting him. Cam Thomas and Nick Claxton, those are the 3. Dennis Schroder double doubled, but he has issues with the other parts of his Fantasy game, so he's really just an assists play. And that's as far as you go with the Nets right now. Not Cam Johnson. First of all, he's too banged up, so they're not gonna overextend him on the minute side. Not Doreen Finney Smith because his fantasy game isn't thick enough, and not Trenton Watford. Sorry. Just the truth. Orlando and New Orleans, this is a weird one. Bunch of Pels were pissed off at the end of the ballgame. Couple got ejected. As far as fantasy stuff goes, it was nice to see Jonathan Isaac get back up in over 20 minutes. So that's good. Paolo at 32, and somehow it was not a not a good fantasy game. Wendell Carter Junior, nice little points boards, field goal percent stream. That's what he's good for. I'm repeating myself. I hate that part of the gig. I'm gonna just repeat the same thing over and over again. I need to just have, like I've talked about this before. At some point, I'm gonna do a project where I just have every fringe level player. So pretty much anybody ranked between, like, 85 a160, and it just has my take on all of them. And if it changes on any given night, I'll just change that board. And I could say, look at the damn board. Or the changes, maybe I'll talk about it. If it doesn't change, that's when I can just be like, look at the board. So for the Magic, Wendell Carter Junior, look at the board. Jalen Suggs, look at the board. I don't care about one slightly bad ballgame. Jonathan Isaac, I thought maybe he could go we could make him a go in roto. The minutes are just really hard to predict. But, damn, when he gets 20, he's he's a roto play. I think you could probably have him on your team, in a games cap format. Not if you badly need a whole bunch of scoring or anything, but for other, get you some threes, some boards, some steals, some blocks on a decent field goal percent, not the worst thing in the world. Zion hurt his hand late in this ballgame. Larry Nance left. I actually don't remember what it was, and I was counting on this little bubble on the screen to remind me, and I don't I don't know what the hell is going on there. In any event, if Zion has to miss a ballgame, we might actually get a little bit of Jonas Valancunas. Maybe. They might go heavy on Najee Marshall, but in all likelihood, you'll probably get 20 plus of JV, so that would make him a nice big man stream for a game. This again is if Zion has to miss 1. Dyson Daniels is playing Morgan these days. You can't expect him to go 6 of 8 shooting, but you can stream him if you need a steal, basically. And that's probably about as far as you go. The rest of these guys are not all that useful for me. Toronto lost by 50. Basically, I'm rounding up, and they had everybody out except for Emanuel Quickley. Kelly Olynyk got this one off as well. Gary Trent got this one off. RJ Barrett got this one off. They already had all those other guys out from before. So the starting lineup I mean, look at this good gravy. Starting lineup for the Raptors in this game was Emanuel Quickley and Grady Dick, who people have heard of at least, Malik Williams, Jalen McDaniels, I think we've heard of Jaden McDaniels, and Garrett Temple, they reversed the, frozen carbonite that he had been encapsulated in for however long, and Garrett Temple got a start. What? Alright. So here's what you need to know about the Raptors. Presumably, Olenek and Trent and Barrett will be back for the next ball game. But if we ever run into another one again where they just fully pull pull plug on all NBA level players, Jordan Awara is the guy. He has the best fantasy game of any of the names that you see on your screen right now or any of the ones that I've read, plus, Muji and Jevon Freeman Liberty. I wanna do Liberty, Liberty. So Freeman, Liberty actually had a decent ballgame yesterday. 1656 with a steal and a couple of 3 balls. Nope. Don't trust him. Quickly, yes. You can play quickly. I know he's super inefficient and terrible in this ballgame, but, again, if he's last man standing, he's a he's a play. Worra is the one that sort of jumps up as like, okay. Well, if this guy gets some playing time, he tends to go do a bunch of stuff. He's he's a busybody on the basketball court. He's not just gonna stand there and wait for something to happen. Grady Dick is points really only inefficiently, so pass. If everybody's out, you might take a look at him, but no to Temple, no to McDaniels. Although he's slightly interesting, he's playing 37 minutes, and no to Malik Williams who who yeah. I know. This game was over early, so you just dump the box on the Minnesota side. We'll just keep rumbling along. Memphis won again, and the Bucks have now lost 2 games in a row to absolute dumpster teams. Unacceptably poor performances without Damian Luther. They lost the Wizards and the Grizzlies. Those are supposed to just be free squares at this point in the season. It was a rare bingo reference on the podcast. Jaren Jackson, 35 points, 4 assists, 3 boards, 3 steals, a block. I don't know how he's done it, but Jaren Jackson has almost salvaged this fantasy season. He's at 66 games played, which given how bad the grizzlies are, this is a massive win. And he's a 4th rounder per game now. How the hell did that happen? How did he get up to 4th round per game after his terrible start and all the mess gone on around him on the Grizzlies? Jerry Jackson, congratulations on kind of saving your fantasy season. I know. Impressive. Gigi Jackson is a points lead guy. Luke Kennard, really bad game here, but when he's starting, I generally feel pretty comfortable playing him. He's coming off a really big one, so you kinda have to look at the average of the 2. Jake LaRavia, no. And then Brandon Clark, I I'm honestly blown away at how fast he's gotten his sea legs back underneath him here. 14, 7, and 3 with 2 blocks. Missed his free throws, or this would have been a really, really good fantasy game. I kinda need him to get 22 reliable minutes, which I I don't know that that's in the cards necessarily with him coming back from a catastrophic injury and his team terrible and there being 11 days left in the season. But I'll be honest with you guys. I added him in a roto league. You can't go head to head. Memphis has, back to back coming up tomorrow and the following day. He's gonna sit one of those. They have another back to back next week. He's almost definitely gonna sit one of those as well. But Roto's side, if you want, like, 10 to 14 points, pretty reliably, I think he's gonna be right in that mix. Six rebounds, that's where he's at all the time. That's where he's been. 1 or 2 assists and some defensive stats on what will likely be a very strong field goal percent number, Brandon Clark is not a terrible option. You know, like, if you thought you were gonna get to play James Wiseman for a day and then Jalen Duren didn't miss any time with a knocked out tooth, Brandon Clark is a damn good replacement there. Or if you thought you were gonna get a Marvin Bagley run down the stretch and he got hurt, you can go Brandon Clark instead. This is Rodo, by the way. For Milwaukee, I mean, get it the together, Bucks. Get it together. If Giannis doesn't have a good shooting game, you're really in trouble, and he didn't. And I don't really know how that happened. Brook Lopez had a good shooting game out of nowhere. No Dame again, which you're looking at. You're like, okay. Surely, Malik Beasley can do something in these games. The answer is no. Not really. He's 3 pointers only. Pat Connaughton's had a couple of well rounded games. We shot the ball terribly here. I would not play Pat Connaughton, by the way. I know I know Dame is out, and I know he's sort of the starting point guard right now, but he's just out there to get the ball to other dudes. Sorry, Pat Connaughton. I don't trust you. Well, these are pretty well rounded games 2 in a row. I don't know why I'm being such a jerk about it. I've seen enough. I've seen enough to not have confidence. And then finally, the late game. All these other games were done, and then, like, 2 hours later, Cleveland and Phoenix were like, you know what? Let's make sure the night continues. Cleveland got blown out. Donovan Mitchell was fine. Mobley was pretty good, and Jared Allen was pretty good, but the rest of them didn't do enough. Max Struss, 9, 12, and 8, pretty close to a triple double for Struss in 38 minutes. He's back to logging gigantic playing time. And this was, like, early in the season, that was when Struss was a top 75 guy. And then it seemed like he tried to play through a sore knee for, like, 2 months before they were finally like, Max, stop, dude. Stop it. You're not right. And he took some time off, and he's come back, and he's looked pretty good since he's come back. And I can't not I don't think any of us knew for certain that that was why Struce wasn't playing well, that he was playing hurt for all that time. But it sure kinda seems like it now, looking back, that he was just exhausted and hurt because he's come back and he's shooting them all well. He's rebounding again. He's passing again. The steals are back up again. I think Strouse is a play in all formats right now. And at the very least, even if you don't think that the field goal percent is gonna continue, he's a positive in threes, and he'll be, you know, neutral ish in almost every other category. And being neutral in almost every category is a Fantasy win, typically. Those guys are 70 5 range guys. The guys that are just kind of, like, league average and everything. It's not easy. Phoenix is on a little bit of a push right now. This is the Kevin Durant woke up part of the year. KD, 32. Booker, also awake, 40 points. Bradley Beal is basically just playing point guard right now. Not really asked to do much. Didn't we all kinda know that Yousef Nurkic was eventually gonna fall apart this year? Not that he's been bad, but he got off to that really good start, and he's kinda settled back near the edge of the top 100. That's fine. That's fine. I'm okay with that. He was over his head. That's my totals. What is he on a per game? 113? Yeah. Funny thing there too is that, I guess spilled water on myself. Nurk and Max Struce have almost the exact same per game rank this year, But if you ask most people, I think they'd say that Nurkic has been way, way better, and they're basically tied in ranking. It's just this perception thing. Anyway, you can keep playing Nurk. He's fine. He won't be great. He'll be fine. And, Royce O'Neil got a fill in game here. That's worth noting because Grayson Allen sat this one out. Whoever plays alongside the 3 superstars in that starting 5 is just gonna be wide the bleep open. I don't think that means that Royce O'Neill is gonna magically start shooting, like, 50% from downtown. But if you needed some threes, whichever guy slots in there is someone that you could probably take a small gander at. Alright. That gets us through yesterday's card. There hasn't been much in the way of news this morning. Just one big one. Julius Randle finally did undergo surgery. So he is now out for the season. That's crummy. It does also mean that Josh Hart is locked into value for the rest of the regular season, not that we didn't think Julius was coming back. I'm Nixer, I'm sure waiting on a similar report to drop on OGN and Obi, but hopefully, still holding out hope on that one. Jimmy Butler is probable even though he missed shoot around, and then everybody on the sixers is questionable. So, again, just stay piped into all of your NBA news feeds because these last few weeks of the season, everything is a mess. A mess, mess, mess, mess, mess. It's a messy mess, and it's disastrous, and we're not gonna have any information on anything until light as humanly possible. So just get yourself geared up and, ready to make moves where you have to. Alright. Let's see what anybody quick check-in the chat room. Just see if anybody's bringing up any players that I forgot to. Remember, if you have questions that are of the streaming variety, save those for the streaming show, which I think we're gonna try to go back to back this morning because it's still pretty early, and I'm almost done with the first show already. And I don't have to get on I think I got a phone call in, like, an hour, so I think we can probably squeeze in that other show as well. Would you play Brandon Clark or Shamese Mehtu in the back to back? It's gonna have to be Mehtu because Brandon's probably not gonna play in one half of the back to back. Schedule based question. Sorry, bud. You got I need you to throw that in the streaming show. This show is not about schedule. What's up, Dan? How are you doing in your 30 deep finals? Well, it's a best of 3 weeks. I lost the 1st week 5 to 4. I'm currently losing this week 5 to 4. So close and yet so very, very far. So close and yet so far. Yeah. Doctor a's team is a monster, and it's got my number. And the the really sad part is that this is the week that I feel like I almost could have won, but my team is somehow losing turnovers. Like, Brook Lopez having 5 turnovers was one of the worst things that could have ever happened to my 30 deep team yesterday. I need my team to just have a day where they have none, because that's my only hope of winning. I need to win turnovers. I need to hold on to 3 pointers and both percentages, and then that's the way I get there. Good luck to me. Steve's team is is crazy. Steve's team is is a juggernaut. My team is pretty damn good. Like, I'm not in the finals by accident, but I'm very much the underdog. And, I this I thought this week was gonna go better than I don't know where all the damn turnovers came from. Brutal. Still powering through. This is air dunks. My 8 cat roto league. I'm competitive in rebounds, assists, and steals. Who's the best pickup of this group if I'm attacking those categories? Rebounds, assists, and steals. Shamese Mehtu, Luke Kennard, Jordan Goodwin, Jaden or Jalen McDaniels, or Dyson Daniels. That's Dyson Daniels. We got just Daniels, not McDaniels. Rebounds, assists, and steals. It's probably it's probably Goodwin if we know if he's playing. And the nice thing is then Roto, if he doesn't play, you don't like, you can just use somebody else against the game's cap. So it's Goodwin would be my favorite. Metu is the next one because he's probably gonna get, like, 2 or 3 assists and a nice collection of rebounds and steals. Kennard, because he'll get you assists, and he might just play enough to get you some rebounds and a steal. And then with Daniels, great in steals, but the other stuff is very much up in the air. The drops, TJ McConnell, Kean Ellis, Andre Drummond, and Jabari Smith Junior. Is that who JSA is? Well, you're not dropping Jabari Smith Junior. And let's see. If you're just looking for those key I would probably hold Keyon Ellis because with all the injuries out there, he's getting more rebounds and assists. So hold Ellis. Of all the players on this list, Jabari Smith Junior is my favorite, and then you go Ellis, Goodwin, Drummond? Drummond, Metu Drummond, Metu, Kennard, McConnell Daniels. Alright. There you go. Goofy. Schedule based at yeah. I don't wanna do schedule based. Well, let's see. I'm holding on to field goal presentering. Alright. Let me turn this question into one that can apply to people that are doing something else. I need field goal percent, rebound, steals, and blocks. Which guys do you like the most out of Cam Whitmore, Trey Lyles, Haywood Highsmith, or Shumazie Metuh? Metuh would be my favorite there because he's actually getting not re not field goal percent, although he could, but he's basically getting all of those with a well, he's getting 3 of them with a shot to get all 4, and the other guys aren't. So is the choice there if if you're attacking those categories. Alright. We're gonna take about a 10 to 15 minute break while I get this show posted, then we'll come right back for a streaming show. We're just gonna go back to back today. Thanks for watching everybody. I'm Dan Vesperis at Dan Vesperis over on Twitter. I'm not even sure I gave a proper greeting on today's show. But at any event, again, please subscribe. Please please please please. That's the stuff I need from you guys right now. I really want you guys to hang out with me in the off season. Oh, question. Is Josh Hart gonna play today? I don't know. We'll find out later. I'll find out when you guys find out. 5050, hopefully, is my answer to that question. But, I don't know. Alright. Come on back around. Don't leave us. We got one more show coming up in 10 minutes. I will talk to you then.