Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright. No funny business today. We got 11 games to recap. I got a very busy day, I think. I don't know. You guys know I can't think more than a few hours ahead at this point in my life. There was a time man, I look back fondly on those days. There was a time in my younger years that I could actually just remember all the things I needed to do in a given day. And now it's one item at a time. Compartmentalize, chop it up, get it all done that way somehow. Anyway, good day to you all. Welcome to Fantasy NBA Today, sports ethos presentation. I'm your host, Dan Besperis, at danbesperis on Twitter. In fact, most of you that are watching live right at the very beginning are actually over on Twitter right now. So hello. YouTubers, you're filing in. Folks watching, listening after the fact, love you guys. Please do take a moment before we dive in, and we're gonna dive in almost immediately today to like, rate, subscribe. I know it's towards the end of the season how many people are finding this show now for the first time at the very end of a basketball season, but there might be one. And if there's even one of you, feel free to say something in the comment section. That'd be fun. I'd love to know if there was, like, one person that was joining us for the first time. That'd be cool, actually. Anyway, throw it in the comments. You can throw it in the chat room, whatever. It all makes sense. Let's just start going through yesterday's card. We'll we'll pause at things that are of, significant note. And right out of the chute, we got a significant note. Chris Paul, back for the warriors after an extended absence, and he looked good in his return. Hit a couple of 3 pointers, hit 3 of them actually. Nine points, 4 boards, 6 assists, 4 steals, 3 threes. It helps to play the Wizards. That's for sure. But a good sign and someone that I think you can generally start in Fantasy. His minutes will, I would think, ramp up pretty quickly because his injury was to his hand, not to his lower body, not to his core, anything like that that United kind of eased back in a little bit more. Klay Thompson had 6 more 3 pointers off the bench, so he, continues to be a hold in his new his new digs, the bench. Brandon Pogemski is the one that I'm worried about. He had 7, 4, and 4. He did have 2 steals, a block, and a 3 to kinda float the Fantasy line. But, again, if this is what you're gonna get against the Wizards, I don't know how good this could look against anybody else. You can give him a soft hold right now just to kinda see how things shake out over the next, call it, 3 ball games, but I have a feeling that Paz is gonna be a drop. And it's also worth pointing out that he did this in this one with Andrew Wiggins out. He didn't it's not like he was starting for Wiggins. Moses Moody got the start, but only played 22 minutes. Moody did less than what Wiggins does, so everybody else had a little bit extra. But then you could see some of that now is sort of shuttling towards Chris Paul. And for that reason, I think we probably see pods back on Waver Wires within the next week or so, but probably wise to just give them a little bit of time to, kinda see how the pieces all fall together. Over on the Wizards side, we finally got that good Marvin Bagley game where you didn't tank your percentages for a night. Twenty points, 9 boards, a steal, 2 blocks, a 3 pointer, a couple of assists. And this is the kind of thing we were hoping for, which was more usage and good minutes, because there just isn't another starter they're willing to play. They have Rashaun Holmes, but they don't seem particularly willing to utilize Rashaun Holmes. So all of a sudden now and there was no Deni Avia for this game, so that's why Landry Shamet started again also because was out. So you had this sort of, like, Russian nesting doll thing going on there, where it's like, oh, well, what happens if Avdia's out? Well, then we open that doll, and, hey, there's Bilal. Well, what if Bilal is out? And you open that doll, and then you get all the way down to the little itty bitty Landry Shamet, the middle of the dolls, and he's not a play. Korey Kispert is interesting these days, though. I like what we're seeing out of him, and I've been talking about him for a few weeks. Someone even commented on a show I did, like, a week and a half ago. They were like, why are you spending 8 minutes on Korey Kispert? This is why. The dude is actually a little bit better at basketball than we were all giving him credit for, and he's been solid for, like, 3 weeks now. The issue, of course, is when he's coming off the bench, we just don't know how much he's gonna get to do. So as a starter, Kispert becomes a pretty easy play. Took 15 shots. He's not bashful these days. And then if anybody gets shut down on the Wizards, not that they need to lose more ball games, but at some point, these you know, the veterans, the Tyus Joneses, the Kyle Kuzmaseses, they're gonna be, like, I'm tired, man. Let me let me take a breather. And then you really get the whole explosion time. And then I know he shot the ball horribly and had 6 turnovers, but I actually kinda like bench Jordan Poole. He's more of, like, a top 100 level guy instead of 150 just because he's shooting. He's seems to enjoy coming off the bench and just firing like a loony bin. So right now and Avdi is sort of the wild card here because he's hurt. But Bagley's a start. Thais Jones is a start. Kuzma's a start. Poole is actually a start right now, believe it or not. And then Kispert's the guy who's a sometimes start. So we're up to and Avdia too. So we're up to, like, 5a half, 6 guys on the Wizards that suddenly now are posting some fantasy value, and that's fun. Good stuff. Cleveland and Dallas, this was a wild one. Max Strouse went nuts. He had 5 3 pointers late, including a 50 footer to win it. Ridiculous. By the way, here's the numbers for Strouse. 7 7 3 pointers, 21 points, 4 boards, 4 assists, 2 blocks. Overall, the funny thing, he he was on his way to a pretty mediocre ballgame before he went completely insane. And you guys know that I just cannot figure out what I wanna do with Max Struce on a game to game basis. That's why I made him the official cover art for the Doesn't Matter Club, because he's gonna have a game like this, and you're gonna be, like, oh, Struce. Euce. Euce, Struce. And then he's gonna have a game like the one he had the previous day, which was not very good. But the one before that was actually kinda good. He's gonna bounce back and forth between good games and bad games, and he's gonna settle somewhere between a 100a130, which is a guy you can definitely use on the head to head side because he's been extremely durable, and he's getting you sort of a smattering of things. But a guy that's hard to use against a games cap because you don't wanna get him on the crappy days and then accidentally not play him on the good ones. What do you do? I don't know. Accidentally not play him on the good ones. What do you do? I don't know. I actually don't have the answer to that one. So you either play him or you don't, doesn't matter. Darius Garland being this terrible is, a bit of a surprise. I do have him in a league. This is another scenario where I bought into somebody else telling me what to do. I I just I'm like yes. Sometimes I get led in the right direction on stuff like that, but nothing makes me more annoyed than when I'm like, alright. Well, people say Darius Garland's pretty good. And I'm, like, looking at his numbers from last year and going, this guy was top 50 in what was, like, a pretty good and repeatable season. Why am I why are we collectively, why are we drafting him in the late thirties, early forties? It just didn't make any sense because people were like, oh, you gotta get assists. Like, yeah. Okay. Maybe. Anyway, he's 108. He's 6 lots in front of Struce. Some of that's turnovers, but some of it's just that he's been kinda bad. But it's not like you can do anything about it other than complain, which is what I'm doing right now. So let's go back over to the other side of this one. Dallas, Luca wow. I mean, honestly, this is the season that everybody's been waiting for out of Luka for, I don't know, many years now. Basically, the year where he's not fatiguing as the year goes on. He's played in 50 ball games, which is solid enough, and his percentages are still decent. Field goal percent is basically like a net neutral even if a slightly pot small positive for your guard to get you that type of number. And the free throws, which is normally a colossal negative, he's managed to keep in the high seventies, so kind of minimizing the negative impact there. And then everything else is just insane, which it always is. Points, threes, rebounds, assists. That stuff is always crazy for Luca. The question was, how much would the bad stuff, percentages typically, yank that down the board? And this year, the answer is not much. He's been crazy. Also, the fact that he's, because Embiid is not gonna qualify. Luca's gonna be the NBA leader in scoring, and it doesn't seem like anybody's gonna be all that close on a per game basis. Shea Gilgeous Alexander by totals is a pretty has a shot to beat him. Probably will just because he's played 7 more games right now, but, like, what Luca's doing this year is crazy, and we probably should talk about it more. But whatever. Kyrie, another good ballgame out of Kyrie Irving. He's number 11. On a per game basis, the missed games have been a pain in the butt, but from a per game standpoint, he's been exactly what was expected there. The issues with Dallas right now is they can't decide who they wanna play at center. Maxey Kleva got 27 minutes at center off the bench in this ballgame. Derek Lively started and played 22. Daniel Gafford, their big trade deadline acquisition and the guy that I'm trying to convince you guys to hold on to, played 7 minutes in this game and got roasted in the 7 minutes that he was on the floor. And it wasn't all his fault necessarily. It was just sort of a lineup that he was a part of. But Jason Kidd is not gonna stick with any of these 3 centers if they're not playing well on a given day. And so for Gafford, he was the odd man out. I'm still gonna try to give it a few more ball games here. I know the ceiling is falling. The sky is falling, the whole thing. But, like, is it really gonna be Cleba? We're trending towards none of these guys being on rosters. Possibly an injury would free up both. Like, if Cleba went down again, Lively and Gafford would probably both be playable. If Lively goes down, Gafford and Cleba, well, Gafford would probably be playable because Maxey needs solid, like, 32 minutes to hit Fantasy value. But right now, they're all healthy, which I guess, you know, good for Dallas, bad for us. Gaffer's gonna get dropped everywhere after a 7 minute game, and, honestly, I don't blame those teams for doing it. See if you can hang on just a game or 2 longer. It's not a lot to ask. I know it's hard right now and if you're, you know, fighting for a playoff spot and all that stuff. This is sort of, like, bottoming out, and you might be able to just pick him up off the waiver wire in a couple of days if he's not on your team. And I'm not saying he's necessarily gonna be awesome, but what it looks like right now is all 3 guys are gonna just be cooked as long as they're all upright. Brooklyn Orlando was a blowout. Brooklyn was without, Cam Thomas in this ballgame. They were without Ben Simmons in this ballgame. And so we got kind of a look at, okay, what happens if a lot of usage gets poured back into the communal pool? And the answer was, you you kinda need to hold on to Cam Johnson in those scenarios. He played 29 minutes and sort of I don't know anybody had business playing 29 minutes, but he did. And he got the start, again, partially because of who was out for this ballgame, and Dennis Schroder. So I feel like if if Cam Thomas and or Ben Simmons misses another ballgame, you could probably play both of those guys. If Simmons comes back and plays his 19 minutes or whatever it is, you we probably need to reassess. But this is one of the reasons that I keep saying hang on to Cam Johnson just a little bit longer. It's been such an up and down frustrating year. There's no sugarcoating that part. But the Brooklyn Nets are awful. They don't have their pick, so there's no reason for them to tank. But there are reasons to just sort of see what they've got. Kevin Ollie, now new head coach, kinda mix and match bodies a little bit, see what makes sense. And, hopefully, one of the things that makes sense is just sort of more aggressive iteration of Cam Johnson. Now I don't, again, we have no way of knowing that's to be the case, but sir feels like Ben Simmons is one game away from being cooked. It feels like Cam Thomas's injury will keep him out for a couple of ball games. So we got kind of an opportunity to assess this situation. Same thing with Dorian Finney Smith. So you kinda got 3 dudes on this club right now where you're like, well, maybe. So Schroeder, Dorian Finney Smith, Cam Johnson, Cam Johnson would be my my preferred hold among that list, but it's possible that all 3 end up barely useful, and it's also possible that all 3 end up crap. So I don't know that you need to, like, well, rethink that thought. I think I'm holding Cam Johnson in most formats because we know he can be quite good. Schroeder's a tougher one because we know he we need him to get well, he needs to get, for Fantasy value, a lot of usage. And then Dorian Finney Smith, like, you just need 33 minutes of ballgame, which maybe. So he'd be the lowest on the totem pole there. Orlando, had no problem taking care of business without Paulo Banchero in this ballgame. Everybody got weird minutes because the game was over early. You're not making any adjustments to your evaluations with this team, which is basically like Franz Wagner is a 9 category player, and then everybody else is just scraping at it. They need an injury for someone else to be a 9 cat guy, and that's not a thing that it's nice to root for. So we'll just sort of quietly move along. The Pelly Bellies took care of the zombie Knicks who, you know, they had some gusto. The Knicks had some gusto when they lost Randall and lost OG and Anobi. And you just, like you knew they were gonna run out of gas because they played all their guys 45 minutes a game, and that can only work for a couple of weeks until they just, like, don't have the energy anymore. Meanwhile, over on the Pelicans side, McCollum not back yet. So Trey Murphy remains a very good stream when he's starting. Herb Jones is a play right now as well, and that's kind of it on the Pelicans side. For the Knicks, they're still trying to play everybody. Tibbs is 40 minutes. No Hartenstein on the back to back. Jericho Sims was, like, I don't really like Jericho Sims' fantasy game. Bojan Bogdanovic got an opportunity because they basically couldn't play Hartenstein the full ball game, and then sometimes Bojan's gonna get hot. And this will happen, and then the you know, 2 or 3 ball games in a row, it'll be bad. Also, no Jalen Brunson here. Miles McBride is a much better fill in than Bogdanovic or Jericho Sims. So Brunson out, McBride becomes sort of like a nice little one to one thing there. But, generally, Divincenzo, Precious, Josh Hart, Hartenstein, Brunson, those are guys that you're playing. And then if you have these sort of individual streamer moments, McBride is, in my opinion, the only one that I would take a shot on. Unless suddenly, it's like, oh, Hart and DiVincenzo are both out, then you could probably go the boy on route. But I would need almost a guarantee that he's getting 14 shots, and there are very few days where someone can give me that kind of guarantee. Philly was terrible. Tyrese Maxey had 32 points, and the rest of the team had 67. Yuck. Gross. Anyway, this game was over early, so you got terrible lines out of Tobias Harris, Paul Reed, Kelly Oubre, and Buddy Hield, all 4 of whom you can start in the next ballgame. The sad news of the day, this is the game with it. D'Anthony Melton back out with back spasms. He was just dealing with a spine issue, so to know that there's now spasms in the back again. Even if the spasm turns out to be a thing that goes away in a couple of days, you can bet your butt that it's gonna impact him mentally. He's gonna start thinking that his back is just not gonna be right. I hate to say this. I hate to say it out loud, but you can probably drop D'Anthony Melton. He was on his way to ramping up, but now the health thing becomes too big of an issue. I'm willing to change my stance on this. It doesn't make me happy to do it. But I can't Roto, you can sit on him and see what happens. You know, throw him on your bench because you got a games cap you can deal with there. Head to head, you just you can't afford the zeros and the 8 minute games and the fear and the slow ramp up again. The fact that he was up to 17, 18 minutes in his last ballgame, it was like, okay. Great. We got the ramp up going. He'll be at 20. In the next one, he was probably on his way to getting over 20. In this ballgame, I can't I can't advocate in head to head leagues where you're fighting for anything at all to sit on a reramp up. It's just too slow. Celtics, I mean, whatever. Start the starters. They don't have on back to back for a couple of weeks, so you won't get your Al Horford fill in game until then. And so we wait. Utah, they're in they're in a bit of a tank mode these days. They're playing some young guys, and they're feeling it out. Taylor Hendrix had 8 and 8 with a couple of steals. Not all that super excited about him for this year. I'm, you know, I'm a redraft guy. Walker Kessler, at least, finally got a better ball game. Played 29 and a half minutes off the bench, 14:12 in a couple of blocks. So you're starting Collin Sexton, you got 6 steals here. This is you know, that's, like, his quota for 2 weeks. Sexton, Kessler, John Collins, crummier ballgame, but you can start him. Lowry Markkanen, obviously, crummier ballgame, but you could start him. And then I'll say the same thing I've said how many times now? 10, 15? Keontae George, hope you catch lightning in a bottle. He doesn't get them any defensive stats. His percentages are gonna be rough. The turnover's probably gonna be kinda rough. So it's gonna be really hard for him to be inside the top 109 cat. I mean, I I don't know what I what more I can say on this front. Like, there hasn't been that much pushback, which is kind of good. It almost feels like and maybe it's because you guys, listeners and my Twitter followers, maybe you guys are just sort of, like, significantly better than the average Fantasy player. But remember, Keontay had that really strong shooting stretch going into the all star break, and then I think the first game coming out of it. And then he's been abysmal shooting his last 2, So it's kind of leveled things out a little bit. So over that stretch, he's right around the edge of the top 100, but that's with, like, 3 really good shooting games in there. If you and I can't say you can remove them, but do we think that he's I guess the question is, do we think that he's gonna be in the, like, 44% range? Because that's where he is over the last 2 weeks. Or do we think it's gonna be more 40? It's actually kind of a significant difference because he's taking a lot of shots right now. Over that 2 week span for George, he's taking, like, what, 14 shots a game, I think. Let me get the exact number here. Yeah. Fourteen and a half shots per game over the last 2 weeks for George. So is it gonna be kind of bad, or is it gonna be atrocious? That's gonna be the difference between whether or not he's a non cap play or not. Because if it's just kind of bad, he could probably survive that with threes and assists and some scoring because the volume is higher right now, and that'll probably put him. My guess would be in that scenario, between a 100 and a 130, 130, a 100. But if it's more like 39, 40% shooting on volume, and heaven forbid, you know, he's not making 4, 3 pointers a game, now you're talking about a guy who's between a 132100. So I don't know which one it's gonna be. But if you happen to get another 2 or 3 game span where he's shooting 55%, sell high, which is what I yelled about last time it happened. We just like here's the thing. You know? I I spend so many hours every day handicapping this stuff that people like, Dan, how did you know that this is gonna hap you know, this is not rocket science. It's just not. Atlanta, they're doing the whole, you know, we lost our superstar. We're gonna pick out everybody's gonna pick it up here. Now it helps that they played Utah in this ballgame, but everybody's doing a little more. Jalen Johnson, who I mean, wow. If not for his 5 week injury, holy crap. Bogdan Bogdanovic, Clint Capela, Deandre Hunter, Dejounte Murray, even Saddiq Bey. Those you can play what did I just list? 5, 6 guys. Lot of dudes on this Atlanta team that are all playable right now with no Trae Young, because that's just so much stuff to do that got dropped back into the big pool. I love the big pool. I actually don't. I hate water. Milwaukee blew out Charlotte. This game was over very early. Charlotte doesn't have enough players to play a bench, so a lot of their guys still got normal minutes, like Brandon Miller, Miles Bridges, Trey Mann. They all played starters minutes in this game even though it was a blowout disaster. Trey Mann is a similar but slightly different situation to Keontae George. I think his stats set translates a little bit better to 9 cat, but it's the same thing. If he goes on a slightly better run, you you try to sell high. If not, I I would say that the if you're just looking at it from sort of a strict rankings standpoint, you're probably looking at Trey Mann and saying, okay. Well, like, a best case scenario for him, he could maybe get more to, like, that 7580 range, which I don't know that Keontay gets there. But the worst case for man is probably lower, because I don't think his assists are gonna be as high as George. I don't think his threes are gonna be as high as George. I don't know that his steals are gonna be as high. Turnovers would probably be better. Well yeah. Yeah. Trey Man's turnovers would be a little bit better. Over the last 2 weeks, Trey Man is about 10 slots ahead of George, and he's done it with big steals over that stretch. He's averaging 2 steals a game over the last couple of weeks, 5 boards. That's, again, probably higher than we're expecting out of him in the long term. 4 boards here in 34 or 33 minutes. Yeah. I mean, alright. That's sort of attainable. So I think I'd probably prefer Trey Mann over Keontae George by a couple of rounds, but it's, again, that same thing. So when he gets hot and for Keontae, the hot stretch is gonna be, like, a top 60, top 70 range kinda thing. For Mann, the hot stretch might be, like, a week, week and a half where he goes top 40. Again, same story. Try to move them when they run super hot because it's gonna be a big sine wave. The peaks will be high. The valleys will be low. We knew Nick Richards was gonna have a slower game after his big one. Like, he's a top 125 fill in center. That's just what he is. There's almost no reason to even think about it. And Grant Williams, not surprisingly, slowed down. It was bound to happen. Boy, if you didn't have Giannis, Bobby Portis, or Dame on the Milwaukee side, This game was over way too early. Brook Lopez, 2 steals, 2 blocks. That's basically the whole line. Jae Crowder had a slightly better game, so did back back on it then. I mean, I don't know. Malik Beasley is generally streamable right now with Khris Middleton out. Don't make adjustments to your valuation in a game that ended this fast. Detroit and Chicago. I mean, this was, like, what a weird, weird ballgame, and Detroit ends up winning it. And there's just, like, so much to hate about Chicago as an organization. This game being such a a perfect example of the weirdness. The Bulls were terrible in the second half. They scored 40 total points in the second half of this ball game. And and why they didn't sell off all of their pieces remains the greatest mystery. And and and, like, I get it. They don't wanna be noncompetitive, but they're not competitive. It's just not. How how is it that the Bulls' front office is the only there's, like, 25 people in that in that building that don't see what everyone else sees. I'm so sorry, Bulls fans. It must be very, very frustrating to be a Bulls fan these days. We'll get to their side in a minute, because there's only bad news coming out of the Bulls' side. On the Detroit side, Jaylen Durham, Cade Cunningham, those guys those are your everyday safe plays. Aussar Thompson still getting big minutes despite the return of Isaiah Stewart is a very good sign. That's good. Not that I had to say that so many times, but, that was one of my big worries was, is Isaiah Stewart going to ruin Aasir Thompson actually getting playing time? And the answer, at least for one day, was no. So stronghold on Thompson. Do you have to play him every day on the roto side? It's a bit of a coin flip, but very much a guy that you need to be holding down the stretch because it seems like they're gonna be starting to now force feed him minutes. That's good news. The bad news for Detroit is, Isaiah Stewart's playing big minutes, and he his fantasy game doesn't translate very well. It's mostly rebounds, some 3 pointers. And every once in a blue moon, he'll score a little bit. Not really enough for 9 Cat, so probably leaving him alone. And then that bumps Simone Fontecchio down a rung who actually had a really nice ballgame. He had 5 3 pointers. He took 9 of them in 21 minutes. That's not sustainable. His usage yesterday was not sustainable. Quentin Grimes seems like he got pushed a little farther down the totem pole. So with Stewart back, he's not good enough himself to get on 9 cat rosters. And then now that means that Fontecchio and Grimes pretty much have no path to it. So subtraction by addition. But at least you got a good not line out of us or Thompson. Alright, Bulls. So the only thing that came out of this ball game on the Bulls side was that Alex Caruso left and came back dealing with, I think it's hamstring. Right? Yeah. Hamstring stuff. He had 5 steals in his 25 minutes. I think the Bulls could have easily gotten a 1st round pick for Alex Caruso at the trade deadline. Easily. And I get it. Moving a, cooked Zach LaVine cooked until next year, we hope. That would have been a lot harder. But DeRozan, they could have moved. Caruso, they could have moved. Drummond, they could have moved. The Bulls could have gotten assets beyond their wildest dreams for at least 1 or 2 of those guys, and they just elected to play it out and be bad. It's just so frustrating. From a fantasy standpoint, things are not all that goofy, at least. The only thing that we learned from this one is that if Caruso goes down, Patrick Williams still on the shelf, Andre Drummond is actually the next man out. So the Bulls are like, look, if we don't have Caruso, we're just going big. We're going jumbo goal line package here. Goal line package. So if Caruso's out, you could probably wiggle out an Andre Drummond stream. Not I wouldn't have done it going into this ballgame, but he did pick up a lot of the slack, for Caruso missing whatever, you know, the last 10 ish minutes of what he would have gotten in a ballgame like this one. So that's notable. Also notable because the, you know, the Pistons are not a gigantic team. Big enough because the Stewart Duran frontcourt is sort of, like, big ish, and Vooch can hang with Isaiah Stewart at power forward. And that's really what the Bulls are looking at. Can Vooch hang with the opposing team's power forward? If the answer is yes, then we can go jumbo. If the answer is no, they're gonna go Vooch at center. Otherwise, things stayed pretty much constant on the bull side. Just keep an eye on whether or not you can get something out of Drummond. Wembley had another 6 defensive stats as what an unbelievable, like, late season push for Wembanyama, who was already good at the beginning of the year, but he's just like, he's he's solved the NBA puzzle in two and a half months. That's way quicker than I thought that was gonna happen. Kudos to you, Victor. I thought it would take him a year. Yeah. Maybe towards the end of this season, but he did it halfway through. And so now he's just steamrolling. He's up to number 8. 8. He's got a bit of a gap between himself and Donovan Mitchell on the per game side and then Kawhi. Like, I don't think he's catching Kawhi and Luca, but, I mean, what's stopping him right now? There are no fantasy stats to speak of on the San Antonio Spurs. None. Vassell's a start. Trae Jones is a start. Wenby, obviously. That's it. I don't care if Keldon Johnson has one good ballgame. He's not that good. I don't care when Jeremy Sohan had almost a good month because we know he's also problematic in Fantasy. You guys may wonder, do I like when a team is really easy to handicap in Fantasy? The answer is in life, no. On a podcast, yes, because it keeps us moving. Timberwolves were without Karl Anthony Towns for this ballgame and then lost slow mo halfway through. So Naz Reed got 33 minutes, and if Naz gets 25 minutes or more, Naz is an all systems go fantasy guy. Make sure he's on rosters in case Nasri gets either a fill in start or if, like, one of the main guys is down. Cap being down means that there's gonna be enough usage. Although Anthony Edwards took 29 shots, which, you know, typically, maybe not the thing you want, but against the Spurs, they can get away with it. Yeah. Just keep an eye on what's going on with the wolves because, Nazarick would be your your your jam there. Don't worry about Monte Morris. They just they were able to run different lineups because San Antonio is not good. Houston, also not very good these days. What a weird year they've had. Got off to a blistering start, and the Rockets now 25 and 33. They are very close to their season win total. I think it was, like, high twenties. Right? It was, like, 28, 29, something like that. And I said something like, I get that they wanna be good, but I don't know if they're gonna be. And it's gonna be close, actually, at the end of it. They'll probably go over, but I think it'll be close. Ahman Thompson, only 17 minutes here. Still hold. Give that one a little bit longer. Otherwise, nothing else to talk about on the Houston side. Never anything to talk about on the Thunder side. So we can just keep on rolling to the final game of the evening. The heat got Jimmy Butler, Nikola Jovitch, and Terry Rozier all back for this one. So Tyler Herro is the only main cog not in. They're still missing Josh Richardson, and Thomas Bryan is suspended. But as far as, like, the main guys getting Butler and Rozier back on the second half of this back to back, one was suspension, one was injury. That was a big get for Miami who didn't play all that well, but sort of played it well enough. From a streaming standpoint well, from a reality standpoint or, like, big name stuff, you know, Rozier, obviously, just get him right back in there. But those guys being back pushed Dolan Wright to a small role, pushed Taika's to a low usage role, pushed Kevin Love to a smaller role, pushed Caleb Martin to a smaller role, pushed Haywood Highsmith to a smaller role. Jovich is not somebody you're trusting full time anyway. So just like and this is what we talked about on yesterday's show. It's not always just about how many minutes, because Butler and Rozier played 63. Jovich got 15. Those guys all being back. That's about 78 minutes back into the mix. It's not just about finding 78 minutes to take away from the other guys. It's about the fact that Rozier, 14 shots, 4 assists, 3 free throws. Butler, 12 shots, 9 assists, 9 free throws. The ball is just in their hands instead of in Caleb Martin's hands or Haquez's hands or Wright's hands, and that's why those guys are not useful anymore. But then at least you've got Duncan Robinson filling in for Hero who was still good enough. Because you get the 34 minutes, that gives him enough time to get a steal and a few rebounds and a couple of assists. And that's just sort of the whole, like, is this guy gonna be good enough? Well, if he's just out there for a really long time, yes. Hero comes back. You don't play Duncan Robinson. If he stays out, it looks like you can continue to do so. Another injury in this, long Tuesday card, one of many, Deandre Ayton, who had actually finally started to play well, and the word after the ball game was that his hand hurt a lot. That's what John c Billups was saying. So he ain't coming back in the super near future. I think a best case scenario would be a week or 2, Which brings us to Doop Wreath and Tamani Kamara. There's a lot going on with this Blazers team. We have Malcolm Brogdon still out. We have Shaden Sharp still out. We have Scoot still out. And now we have Deandre Ayton out, which, you know, on its base, is interesting because it gives us a lot of names to maybe look at, but it's also incredibly difficult in the modern NBA. I don't know. You guys remember, like, a decade ago. If someone went out, there was a guy that just took their place. Not all the time, but most of the time. Now because everybody's position on the floor is so fluid, there isn't, like, one obvious guy in any scenario. Now I would think that with Ayton out, Reath is gonna start at center. Is he guaranteed 27 minutes? No. Definitely not. He's playing poorly like he did in this ball game. He started the second half for Ayton, but he still only played 13 minutes. They just went small. And, obviously, the opponent will also factor into this a little bit. Going small against Bam Adebayo, probably not that great of an idea. But, you know, whatever for Portland, that is why they got stomped in the second half. They had no real solution. Of the the fringy names, which I will put on the board as Duwop, Reath, Tumani, Kamara, even Matisse Thybul. I'm not even including Jabari Walker. He's so far away from Fantasy Value that had to bat down those questions for a while there, but luckily, nobody's asked me about him in a while. So Reath, Kamara, Theibul, those are the 3 guys that are, like, okay. Maybe. Reath probably gets the spot start. So he would be the, in my eyes, the most likely pickup because you're, like, well, look. If he just plays medium, he'll get 26 center minutes, and that might damn well be enough for him to get to, you know, 1 20 range fantasy value. But if he's awful and no one else comes back for the blazers, then maybe you lean more towards Kamara because his fantasy game is probably a little bit more translatable, but the minutes are less set in stone, perhaps. I don't know that he has the easiest path to them. Now the other thing that complicates this is, what if somebody reappears for the blazers? What if Scoot is back? Sounds like he's still probably a couple games away. Same story for Sharp. Then Brogdon, you know, he may just be going player coach mode the rest of the way. But and then if you're thinking, what about Jeremy Grant and Anthony Simons? Like, I don't even know if they can shut anybody else down or because they're already down so many bodies that, like, someone has to go out there and score 20 points, so they're gonna lose by 45 every night. The Blazers are a mess. I don't know that this is a this may be one of those situations where it's just so the water is so murky that there's almost no point in trying to see through it. If you insist on sticking a flashlight into the murky, murky swamps that is this Fantasy team, Matisse Thybul is probably your highest floor guy because he's gonna play 30 minutes if all of these guys are still out, and so he's gonna get you 3 defensive stats. And then it's, like, alright. If anything else happens, great. If you wanna take sort of the shot, which is, like try to continue my metaphor of swimming in murky waters, that's like opening your mouth for a minute. It would be wreath. You say, alright. I'm gonna hope and pray that I don't accidentally swallow a syringe when I open my mouth in these murky waters. And that would be grief gets a few games in a row where he plays, like, 29 minutes. And if that happens, he'll be fine. The safest move, what I'm gonna do, probably nothing. Hope that Deandre Ayton comes back, and it doesn't take all that long. Quick look at the chat room here. Let's see what we got in the chat room. While I'm looking at the chat room, this is a great opportunity to remind you guys. You can find me over on social at danbespres. And to please go buy something because the season is winding down, and so MANSCAPED is also probably gonna be winding down their partnership for this 2023, 24 campaign. But I wanna make sure that they come back in September. And that means I wanna see if we can move 3. That's not that much. 3 MANSCAPED units. Go to man MANSCAPED units. Whoops, Dan. Ethos 20 is the promo code over there. Ethos2020 percent off, free shipping. Ethos2020 percent off, free shipping atmanscaped.com. Go get something posthaste. Questions from the chat room. We'll go lightning around on these bad boys. Kelly Oubre or Cole Anthony, rest of season. Give me Kelly Oubre. In leagues that have a max of 4 moves per week, how many streamer spots would you recommend? 2. 2. And in the playoffs, if you can go full long stream mode, maybe even 3. I typically, during the regular season, go n, so that we'll math it this one. N is your number of weekly moves. That's our stand in variable, divided by 2. So if n is 4, which it is in most Yahoo default settings, n divided by 2, 2 moves 2 streaming slots. In the playoffs, I go n divided by 2 plus 1. So, typically, that gets gets me to 3. I'm looking for guys at that point that go 4 games in 6 days, 6 games in 9 days. If there are any teams that go 5 games over 7 days, that would be one that I would invest probably 2 of my 3 streaming slots in. So it doesn't feel quite like a stream because you're sitting on guys for a while. But then there's, you know, sometimes there's sort of staggered overlaps. You're making one move every 2 or 3 days, but you're getting a lot of games out of a guy. Instead of over 2 days or 4, you're getting it over 6, 7, or 9. That's for playoffs. This question I actually answered during the show. Are we dropping Melton? Sadly, yes, which is a real shame. As a Nets fan, Simmons has me mega fearful when it comes to back issues. Yeah. As it should be, and this is sort of in relation to the D'Anthony Melton situation. Ben Simmons has is a head case. D'Anthony Melton, by all accounts, is not a head case, so there's there's other things that are at play here. And, so, like, I don't actually firmly believe that Ben Simmons even wants to be playing basketball that much anymore, but I feel like he's doing it because he wants to prove that he's not a head case. I think Melton is actually just gonna, like, quietly try to get right and play again. But, yeah, you can't hold on to D'Anthony for that second ramp up. Bessepris, are you a fan of the music artist Moby? That's not a question I expected to get today. You know, like, he had his few jams when I was younger, like, mid to mid mid to late nineties. Right? That was so mid to late nineties would be, sort of high school for me, middle and high school. And, you know, he had his few jams. He had the one in the the Christopher Walken SNL skit. I think that's Rockefeller Skank. Right? And he had the one in, Cruel Intentions was in there that no. And then that was the one She's All That. That was no. That was Rock and Rollerskang. I can't remember which one's which. Miss Fine. I don't have a Moby album or anything like that, but I know a few of those those jams from 25 years ago. Did I miss your take on Daniel Gafford? Apparently, my take is see if you can hold for another game or 2, but I also understand if you can't because it seems like everybody's a mess there. Someone running the sports ethos account sent a tweet, at us. I don't know who's in charge of that one right now. I just traded Bradley Beal for Jeremy Grant hoping Ayton is halfway to Cancun already. Yeah. Well, guess what? Jeremy Grant ain't gonna be all that far behind him. Also, big news to reveal at the also, big news to reveal at the end of today's show. Why did he wait until the end of the show? Because he's an idiot, friends. That's why Dan waited until the end of the show. The baseball draft guide is out. It's out now. So if you guys are out there and you're, like, how can I support Dan? How can I support sports ethos? How do I make sure that sports ethos continues to stay alive and grow and bud like a delightful flower in springtime? It is springtime in, like, three and a half weeks. Go get yourself a baseball Fantasy Pass or an All Sport Fantasy Pass. Now if you're listening, you're like, Dan, I love basketball, and I really love sports ethos, but I don't play baseball. If you're on an NBA Fantasy Pass, reach out to me. I have a way of getting you upgraded to an all sport for basically a dollar. NBA Fantasy Passers hit me up if you wanna write something in the chat room, or the comments section, or tweet at me, or email, or whatever, or hit me in Discord, tag me in there. All of that is fine. If you're an NBA fantasy passer and you have any inclination of playing baseball or you just really love us and you wanna be, like, super chill about it, hit me up. I can get you on the All Sport for $1 a month. One. You'll never even notice the difference, but it'll mean the world to us here at Sports Ethos. It'll mean the world to the guys over in the baseball division to know that you're supporting their cause. Joe Orico and his awesome team, I've seen the articles in this draft guide. They are with by the way, all the love to our NBA guys as well. Probably the deepest dives that I've ever seen, maybe outside of, like, Panda's player profiles, because he would go 400 players deep. I don't know if anybody's catching that. But these are, like, the dynasty articles are insane. The sleepers, the busts, the starting pitcher profile. Some of these things are 4, 5, 6000 words for just one little article in a draft guide. And the Orico 250, Joe's rank board comes out, I think, later today. Tomorrow at the absolute latest, he's gonna start dropping his individual positions on the rank board, and then you'll get the sort of the whole thing, the aggregate after he gets through the positions. Projections also in that MLB draft guide. We're likely to have a draft tracker available as well. All of that. The MLB Fantasy Pass is $6 a month, same as the NBA Fantasy Pass. But again, if you're on something already, hit me up. All sport is the way to go. Get yourself baseball and basketball. And in a couple of months, when we're putting stuff out on that front, football as well. Just win all year long with sports ethos. This is the way to support the website right now, so please do check that out. That's at sportsethos.com or follow ethosfantasybb on Twitter. That's the baseball feed. We'll have baseball news over there. And right now, a lot of tweets about what's in that draft guide. Go check that out, sportsethos.com. Support your friends here at the website. Please, on the way out from today's show, make sure you click like and subscribe and rate and review. And we got one thing on the way here. Andre asks, Dano, did you see that Shohei Homer at spring training? You know damn right I did. Oppo, baby. Chris says, Dan's gonna try to make me like fantasy baseball, and my partner's gonna hate you. Yeah. That is what I'm gonna try to do. And we'll probably have a baseball guy. It'll probably be Joe, if I had to guess. We'll probably have him on here in the next, week or 2 to tell you a bit more about the draft guide. Because, look, we support each other here at Sports Ethos. And, like, I know you guys support us, and so that's all part of it. So like, rate, subscribe. Go check out the baseball stuff. Have a great Wednesday, everybody. We'll be back to break down the medium medium sized card tomorrow. In the meantime, I'll catch you guys over on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. So long for now.