Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. What's happening, everybody? It's a weekend quick hitter version here of Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. I'm Dan Besperis, and we are exclusively talking weekend streaming to max out games played. I do wanna do, just 20 seconds here at the front end to say, please do follow me on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. I know many of you end up watching this thing actually directly on Twitter, so you can just click the follow button there. If you're on YouTube, please like and subscribe. Subscribe. And if you're listening on a traditional channel, please subscribe and rate the podcast if you like all the stuff that we've been putting out. Also, for those uninitiated, this show is not about rest of season decisions. This is about maximizing games played while also streaming for more than a couple of days at a time. In general, it's about strategy to get the most games out of your playoff matchups or racing into your playoffs or whatever situation you might be in right now. And I'm trying to do as many of these as humanly possible between now and bay you know, the last couple of days of the regular season. Those that are watching get the grid on your board does make it a little bit easier to follow along. And the first thing I like to do is just a quick sweep up and down so everybody can see the color coding that I've added to this. This is everybody's schedule in the NBA. First things first. Let's start with the worst schedules because the bet the first thing you should be isolating this weekend as per usual is figuring out who on your team is droppable. The worst schedules this week or weekend, I guess, but we do try to look 6, 7, 8, 9 days out when we're making these decisions because sometimes you can stream for a week or more, or anti stream, meaning abandoning ship on the really bad scheduling spots. There are, I would argue, kind of like a four way tie. There isn't any one team that's way worse than the others right now. Because teams like the Lakers, who we've been talking about, the Minnesota Timberwolves, these teams have had bad schedules for the last 5, 6 days in a row. They play tonight. So you're not making a move on a team that has a game tonight. Yes. The Lakers still only played 2 times over 6 days, but it's game off game and then 3 days off again for LA. Similarly, with Minnesota, they actually have one of the better schedules over the next 4 days before their schedule goes back to being extraordinarily light after that with 2 games over the next 7 days after those 4. So, yes, those teams overall have light schedules right now. And if you just looked at like, oh, which teams have, you know, bad playoff schedules or something like that, you'd see them. They pop up all over it, and Minnesota's still in the middle of of a 2 game week. But, actually, in this smaller cross section, not tiny, 4 games, their schedule is actually a little bit better. And Minnesota is one of the teams that we were gonna talk about that has that slightly better schedule. The, theirs is not the best, by the way. The better iterations Minnesota is like so for best well, I don't wanna do best schedule. I wanna do worst first. Worst schedules, it's basically all the same. The Clippers, the Bucks, the Suns, and the Raptors. So, again, that is the Los Angeles Clippers, the Milwaukee Bucks, the Phoenix Suns, and the Toronto Raptors. They have the worst schedules right now, but it's also worth mentioning their schedules are not that terrible. There are no schedules starting today that are, I would argue, worse than basically 2 games in 6 nights, and most of the bad ones are more like one game over 4 nights. So for instance, Milwaukee, who had a really bad schedule yesterday, one game in 5 days, now it's one game over 4 days. It's not like you're gonna move back in on them, and you probably already dropped whatever fringey bucks you had yesterday. So the hell with it. The Clippers is probably the one where if you have a move left, this is where you move on. Because they finished up a 57 yesterday. They go into a 1 and 4 today. The Raptors are a 2 and 6, but, you know, it's 1 and 4. All of these teams we're talking about that go one game over 4 days off today, on tomorrow. So they finish up the week with a game, so you could hold through. And then they start next week pretty slowly. Basically, 2 days off to start next week with for all of these teams that we just talked about. So that's the big issue with these clubs is that you backload next week. And if your playoffs continue, that's something that you wanna be thinking about. But, again, a lot of these teams next week, they go into a 3 gamer, and there are 3 gamers. For instance, Phoenix and Toronto, their 3 gamer is is wedged between Wednesday Saturday. So you could actually hold them through Saturday if you really needed to. You don't have to abandon ship on these guys. Why am I making that point? Well, someone like a Gary Trent just resurfaced yesterday and had a monster game. 3 games out of Gary Trent, not at that clip, but a good clip is gonna be better than 4 games out of some other guys over the next effectively week, because that's what it is. If you held a Toronto Raptor for 7 days right now, you'd get you'd get 3 games out of them. If you held them for 8 days, you'd get 4. So it doesn't end up being all that bad. But here's the thing. In terms of, like, if you gotta win this week, those are the 4 teams that have the worst schedules this week. Again, it's the Clippers, the Bucks, the Suns, and the Raptors. They go 4, 1 game over 4 days. A distant second place is the Oklahoma City Thunder. I only bring them up because they go, one game over 4 days also, but it's today. This is more of a look ahead. After today, the Thunder are off for 3 days. So if you have any fringy players on that team, which you probably don't because Lou Dortz is kinda the only one that ever ends up on a roster. I guess Josh Giddey might be, but he's been a drop for so damn long. Those guys, you should not be holding for 3 off days. What about the flip side of it? Who actually has a good schedule over the next little bit? Sadly, not many. This is kind of a hard day for streaming, and it's why we always talk about using a couple of your moves kinda early in the week, and then, you know, you use a couple on typically Thursday. Because Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, you can get a 3 at in 4 kinda deal, or Friday if you wanna roll through the weekend. At this point, Saturday, Sunday, you should probably only have one move left. So you either use it today, or you save it for tomorrow. You could save it for tomorrow to try to add 1 game to your ledger, and then maybe you can front load the following week if that ends up still kind of being part of your strategic initiative here. Anyway, getting to the point. The good schedules over this next little stretch, 3 teams, and it's not even that good. Brooklyn and Washington are head and shoulders above anybody else in terms of whether or not a team has a good schedule. Both of those teams have a weekend back to back. Brooklyn and Washington are the only 2 teams that have a weekend back to back. And not that it's a huge deal, but they also play Tuesday, Thursday to start next week. So you do get a 3 and 4 option. You get a 4 and 6 option on those teams if you wanted to hold through that. But you don't have to. They both go 3 times next week, by the way. Each of those 2 teams, Brooklyn and Washington goes Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. So you don't have to hold through it, but you could if you really wanted to. Because, you know, starting next week with one game in the 1st 2 days is not the end of the world. It's not great. It's perfectly average. And 2 games over the 1st 4 days, now you're starting to slip a little bit below what you'd wanna get out of a streamer. You typically wanna get 2 games the 1st 3 days of a week if you can. So if you do pick up a net or a wizard, then you'd probably want to abandon ship either on Monday or Wednesday of next week. I would suggest Wednesday, just because you wanna try to hold moves for an extra day or 2 if at all possible. Thing is, Wizards probably got picked up on Thursday of this week, because they were one of the teams that went 3 times over the final 4 days. So there probably aren't Wizards available. Nets, however, likely are available, because they play just one time over the 1st 5 days this week. And that means that players on that on Brooklyn that are fringy may have gotten dropped into the waiver wire wire pool. Let's take about a 4 second break here so that, YouTube and traditional pod channels know where to drop in an ad. And then we'll come back, and we'll give you the names that you can play this weekend and into next week. There you go. There you go. Alright. So we were talking about Brooklyn, as the, they are the preeminent club. By the way, we just got some news Wizards news breaking right while we're on air. That's kinda fun. Brooklyn is the team you're probably looking at. Although, now we we can add one other name to the list, and that name is is on the Washington side, should you because he's almost definitely not on rosters. Who's Dan talking about? Who's this secret name? Well, I didn't get him on my list on this tweet that I put out first thing this morning, but we can add him now. So, Dennis Smith Junior and Dorian Finney Smith are probably the 2 Nets got dropped to the waiver wire if they were even added to begin with. Dorian Finney Smith was almost definitely on rosters. I don't expect these guys to do a lot, but low twenties in minutes for Dennis Smith, probably high twenties in minutes for Dorian Finney Smith. You rack that up over a weekend back to back, and it's more than you're gonna get pretty much from anybody playing out there. Because for Dennis Smith, you're talking about probably 40 2, 43 minutes between the 2 ball games, especially if anybody else gets a day off between the 2, which, you know, we don't know, but maybe. And then Finney Smith is a starter who, you know, at a very worst is probably playing 24, 25 minutes. So you're looking at more like 50 minutes from Finney Smith over the weekend, and that's very much worth it. Because what he can do in 50 minutes, which I admittedly is not massive, is gonna be better than what almost anyone else you pick up can do in, I don't know, how many 30 minute guys are on your waiver wire. Probably not many. And the ones that are probably have a fantasy profile like or slightly worse than Finney Smith. So pretend you're taking, you know, a Dorian Finney Smith type guy for 1 game versus a Dorian Finney Smith type guy for 50 minutes instead of 30, you want the one that's going 50. And it might not be a massive gain, but what I can promise you and I'm I'm start you're starting to see this because you're getting towards the end of the week. I'm looking at some of the leagues where I've been doing this power streaming stuff and long streaming and sort of combining the stuff. And I'm looking at guys like, you know, Tumani Kamara, who I've sat on for a bunch of games because Portland's had a really good schedule. And it's, like, well, each individual game he played felt kinda crummy. But over a few games, suddenly now you're looking at, like, oh, let's see. What did I get here? I got 18 points. I got 10 boards. I got 9 assists. I got 3 steals. I got 2 blocks over 3 games. The scoring stinks. I'll give you that. But getting a steal and 2 thirds of a block over 3 games instead of how many guys are gonna get that? How many guys that you're picking up are gonna get you 3 steals, 2 blocks, 9 assists over 2 games? Not that many. Yeah. Could I have probably found somebody out there who was scoring a bit better? Probably. But this is where running up the totals in games played ends up tipping in your favor in the long run. It doesn't work every time, but it works more often than it doesn't. And that's where you just again, you continue to just sort of add and stack and add and stack, and that's why this method works. Even if you're getting the worst player, you're getting them for so many more games that you end up out in front. Wizards names to, of course, look at oh, I actually did get the wizard name on there. Look at me actually taking time to wedge it into a tweet. The wizards are Corey Kispert, Bilal Khlubali, who yet again, these these guys probably got picked up earlier in the week, but the one that didn't is Rashaun Holmes, who just moments ago got ruled available for Washington. That's big news. If you have a move, Rashaun Holmes is a great direction to take it in today, a great direction. What I don't know is if he's gonna play both games of the back to back because he's coming back from a toe issue, so we don't know. But he was looking very good and no Marvin Bagley. And so they were actually giving Rashaun Holmes 25 to 30 minutes of ballgame, and this is kind of an opportunity for him to resurrect his career, and I feel like Reshawn knows it. The other team that I didn't mention yet that also has an okay schedule is the Minnesota Timberwolves. You know, I talked about them very at the very beginning of this show. But what they do here is they have one game this week. But if you're going Timber Wolf today, you're doing it to front load next week because they are one of the rare teams that goes Monday, Tuesday to start next week's action. I think that I think they might actually be the only team that goes Monday, Tuesday. So that's a direction you'd go if you had this week pretty well in hand. It's a bit lateral in terms of a move for this week, because the other team member, like the Clippers, they also play one game the rest of this week, but they go they don't have any games to start next week until Wednesday. So, you know, over that 4 game span, you're gaining 2 games, but they're both next week. So that's where you'd go to the Timberwolves is if you've already locked up this week, and and you don't have to worry about it anymore. But, Rashaun Holmes, very much the play of the morning. Since that news is breaking while we're on air, we'll take over to social media to make sure everybody knows that as well. And now a very quick, look over at the chat room, see if anybody else, has questions about players popping up. Desmond Bane. I'm not no. Do you, Yeah. I mean so here's the thing. Like, first of all, you gotta wait to find out if he's being ruled in or not, which we don't know yet. He was out for their last ballgame. Memphis has been off for a couple of days, so it's possible he squeezes back in there. And it does seem like they're willing to play their better players against better opponents because they'd I think they know they're gonna lose anyway. But even if he plays, you're talking about 20 minutes. So that's a move you're making. Again, if you feel like you've got this week pretty well wrapped up, Memphis does not have a back to back coming up for a while. Their schedule is very light, but that also allows Desmond Bane to ramp up at his own pace without any off days. So think about it from this perspective. You're getting about 20 minutes probably out of Bane if he plays in this one. They're in Sacramento on Monday. That would be probably about 22, 23 minutes for him. 24, 25 at Golden State. Maybe it levels off there in the mid to high twenties at San Antonio. Is that good enough? The answer is probably, but it's not a it's not a guarantee. It's not like picking up Bane is gonna be a league winner if your league ends this week or next week. If your league goes a little bit deeper and he starts to get back up towards, like, a normal volume of minutes, the following week, which is another 3 gamer for Memphis and I don't think he ever plays more than 3 games in a week because their back to back's mixed in there. Now you're starting to get to a point where he becomes super valuable. Because high twenties and minutes over a 3 game week, he's very startable in that instance. So I think if you're going the Bain route, you it's not for this week, and it's only maybe a little bit for next week. And, hopefully, that answers your question of how aggressive you should be there. Should I drop Grayson Allen to pick up Nikhil Alexander Walker for the 1st week of the playoffs next week is is one of the questions. You know, again, this is all about whether or not you have this week wrapped up, because, Phoenix's schedule the rest of this week is bad. They have one game, and then they're offered 2 days to start next week and or the I guess, their schedule to start next week is not very good. I would try to hold Grayson Allen. He's generally good enough. You know, one game over 4 days is just this, like you shouldn't drop anybody that has long term appeal because then Phoenix goes right back into 3 games in 4 days situation. But if you're in a tight spot, you know, you're adding 2 games over a 4 game stretch, and then you'd have to most likely jump off of Nikhil Alexander Walker after that because then Minnesota has 2 games over 7 days. So just know that that's what you'd be getting into. Is Isaac Okoro, Luke Kennard a better play for Monday or Wednesday of next week? I'd probably go Kennard because they don't have any off days, so I'm guessing he plays in both of them. And for Cleveland, they've got guys coming back, and I think Okoro's job starts to trim as you hear my my children yelling in the background. And, Duwop Reath, apparently, is, on Twitter now. Corey Kispert or Bilal Khabuli. I prefer Kispert, unless you're exclusively attacking steals, then you'd go Bilal. But because Corey typically has better percentages, more threes, more scoring, probably similar assists. Again, the one place he loses out is, is steals. That's my my thought head to head there. And that'll wrap it up here for this very quick, Saturday show. Hopefully, you guys can continue to roll through, do your very best, and then take your hands off the wheel. Go pick up Rashaun Holmes. I don't know if there's gonna be a show tomorrow. The game starts so early that there's almost no opportunity for me to get one in, but we'll see. Who knows? Anything is possible. It might be first thing in the morning like this one. I'm at Danvers over on social media. You guys know that. Actually, it's just Twitter. Who am I kidding? At Dan Vesperis on Twitter. Sportsethos.com, the website. This is Fantasy NBA Today. Saturday's streaming edition. We'll see you guys later.