Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. My favorite part of the year continues when I talk to other living beings on this show. These are the little things in life people don't realize. I shout into the void, like, 200 some odd days in a row every year, and it is it is lonely, man. I got this draft board, separates me from the rest of the living world, and I mostly just talk to 3 6 year olds every day. They're mine. They're my children, so it's not that weird. But I don't even know how to interact with grown ups. Luckily, grown ups continue to give me a chance. And on this one, we got a meeting of the Dans. Dan, Titus, is this the first time I've had you on the show? It is. It is. What am I doing? I've been a long time follower of sport ethos, so, like, love what you've been doing and, obviously, pushing the fantasy basketball industry forward. I think it's gonna get continue to get even more popular. So it's great to talk to you about the draft that I I thought that I liked, you know, 2 weeks ago. And now that I'm looking at my roster, I'm like, maybe not as much, but, yeah, it's gonna be fun fun conversation for sure. Yeah. So, this is this is the way that a lot of them go because the it's a slow mock, which so then it takes 5, 6 days for you to even happen. And then I slowly try to get everybody scheduled in after the fact, and that takes another week. And so you've got this, like, present version of Dan looking back at past version of Dan. This could be for me too. I was talking about you, but it could also be for me, trying to figure out what was I doing? What the hell was I thinking at that point? By the way, you can follow Dan on Twitter at Dan Titus. He, like me, has elected to make his name his Twitter handle. I Super easy, simple, nothing creative. You know? My name is my name. Yeah. I like this shirt, by the way. Shout out to the fantasy nerd shirt. Yes. Shout out to Robin Marks, man. Doing some really great contact over, Believe Fantasy Basketball and, also has some really dope merch, so make sure you guys cop some. I definitely wear this one around a lot. It means a lot to me because I love fantasy, and I'm most definitely a nerd. So Yeah. That's works very well. Dude, I agree. I got the same logo. I went T shirt. I see you went hoodie, but you live in Los Angeles, so I don't know when you're gonna break that out. I'm actually up north. I'm in the Bay Area, so I can just actually sneakily cold around here. Sneakily cold around here. Although it's, like, 90 degrees today. I don't know what's going on. So I'm definitely blasting the AC right now. Yeah. You you just nail it yourself with AC and putting a hoodie on. That is that's a little bit of an LA. Sense, but I'm a hoodie guy. I don't know. Yeah. I am also kind of a hoodie guy. I don't I went to Cal, so I spent a bunch of time in the bay, and I feel like I never really dropped to the like, I'd rather just wear a hoodie and jeans every day no matter what I'll be a hoodie and shorts. Like, I I have no problem with that, but, like, I never wear a jacket. No. No. Going scarf weather. I've always kept people from Philly. So I never understood why every time I cross the bridge, I'm like, why are people wearing scarves in, like, bubble jackets? It's not that cold. No. Not. Hoodie. That's all you need. I'm right on board with you. Let me throw the mock up on the screen here. So, let me move our faces also, so everybody can get the best look possible. I do this at the beginning. I apologize to everyone. This is as large as I can make this thing, and I even lopped off the 12th round at the bottom. So if you gotta squint, you gotta squint. I did post this on Twitter right after the mock ended some week and a half ago or so, so you could probably zoom in a higher number of pixels on that bad boy. But, Dan, you had the first pick, which is, dare I say, an enviable position in a mock draft. I'm not even gonna ask you about number 1 other than to say, are there any avenues that close off for you starting with Nikola Jokic? Probably blocks, and I think that I was pretty consistent with that throughout. I realized that, you know, anytime you get someone that's as dynamic as Nikola Jokic that you're probably gonna be very good. You're probably gonna compete in rebounds and assists and scoring. So I kinda try to just lean into that, throughout the rest of my build. I would never consider anyone else other than Jokic at the number one pick, and I know it's boring. It's consensus amongst most analysts, but, like, hey, man. If it's not broke, don't fix it. This guy is the best player on the planet, and he just happens to be also the best fantasy player on the planet. So I felt great. I very seldom get the 1st pick in the draft. So once I saw I got number 1, I was like, alright. Let's get let's get yeah. It's Jokic time. How do I how do I wanna build off of that? So I was very excited to, to get it. The literally, the only downside to getting the number one pick is that you don't really have to do anything with your brain until 24 picks into a draft. Because you don't like Yeah. You're watching the timer countdown to get into the mock, and this was a slow mock, so even that didn't really happen. So, like, you didn't have to do anything until the end of the 1st day of a slow mock here. As I'm just waiting, anxiously awaiting, alright. What value will fall to me? But you'll see, like, as I got to the 3rd round, things started to get a little bit questionable. I'm like, I see value on the board. And usually when you're on these, like, you know, beginning of the board or the end of the board, sometimes you gotta take some swings because the those players that you really want, your guys, which I always advocate for people to get. Like, if you like a player, you want them on your team, go get them. When you got that first pick, you may not get them coming back. So sometimes you gotta take a home run swing here and there. Talking to Dan Titus over at Yahoo Fantasy, the, the I don't know if you'd call him swings or not. I actually I actually really like your 2nd round pick. I think I like him more than most. It was Desmond Bane at 24 and James Harden at 25. I wanna remind everybody this draft happened before Harden I mean, I don't know. Shomps told us that he's been professional and engaged, but he hasn't been there. So Not really present. Not Not really showing up for work lately. I don't know how Howard Houston hanging with Lil Baby. How do you stay engaged? Days. I don't we don't know what he's doing. It's like on a WhatsApp thread with his team. Is that what engages at this I mean, I don't know, man. So to walk me through Desmond Bane. Because with Harden, I'm guessing you probably would have waited a little longer given what we know now versus 2 weeks ago. But I like Bane a lot, and I feel like people are saying, nah. He's not gonna get to that next rung. But, early last season before he got hurt, he was right around top 25 range. He was. Before that toe injury that was disguised as something else, it didn't really give much clarity to that injury, but, like True reporting. Dude was dude was unconscious, him and Tyrese Maxey before their respective injuries. And, you know, just looking at the tea leaves here, obviously, John Morant's gonna be missing 25 games, and then Marcus Smart enters the fold. And, you know, I don't think he's gonna take too much usage away from Desmond Bane. Like, this is going to he's going to be the number one option now, and that's 30% usage. I think we're gonna see an uptick in those assists. He was a capable passer last year. All the stats are going up. And for how as young as he is and where he has where he's at in his career in terms of the, the equity in terms of the chemistry that he has with the other players, I think he's gonna be through the roof. And I think getting him at 24 is where I expect him to go. I don't expect him to get out of the 3rd round. If you get him the 3rd round, awesome. But I'd be willing to take him, you know, mid second round because I'm that high on him. I think he's gonna be an outstanding category player and also be that good in points leads as well. Was there anyone else that went shortly before you in the second round that you were strongly considering there? I gotta zoom in on the on the camera. You and everybody you and everybody else. Kate Cunningham actually was was one person that I really wanted to pair with Nikola Jokic. I just love the versatility that Kate Cunningham can provide, you know, almost a triple double. One of those kind of guys, I think he fits very well in a Jokic build. The other one that's been kind of creeping up, I was surprised that Michael Bridges went where he went, but I'm not mad at it. You know, he's a mid second, you know, late second round pick. And, I would say Devin Booker is a guy that I think I've seen kind of fluctuate in terms of his draft capital, seen him in the early second round as far as the late second just depending on, you know, where people's risk posture is. But I think I was pretty happy getting Bane where I got him. I was surprised that more analysts weren't in on him a little bit earlier in the 2nd round. Yeah. That was Bane was and I don't wanna get too far sidetracked here, was one of those guys going into the off season where I kept thinking like, man, I hope that Josh suspension doesn't push him too far up the board, and then it kinda did push him pretty far up the board. But still not bad. Let's, let's actually do this discussion assuming that James Harden is playing somewhere because, like, that's when that's where we were at when the draft happened. And, plus, that's kind of also what you had to be thinking as you went through the remainder of your build. So now you've got 2 ten assist guys out of your first three picks. You get to sit and wait a very long time. It gets back to you at the end of 4th. Beginning 5th, you went Jaylen Brown and Scottie Barnes. And I'm, again, I'm kinda bunching your picks because you took them back to back, so you can flip them in any order. What was the thought process here, once you've got through this long wait in between picks? So being that I already got, as you said, I was addressing the assist pretty much at the top of the first three rounds. I thought it was best to kind of build out the rest of the roster. And seeing that I have Jaylen Brown ranked in the top 40, I also have Scottie Barnes early top 50. I thought that that was a good time to grab both of those guys. You know, obviously, Jaylen Brown is the richest NBA player on the planet right now. Even though he doesn't have a left hand, he's still gonna be really good for the Boston Celtics. He's improved every year. I think we're gonna see more rebounding from him. He's solid for steals. I I think he can also get a half a block in there. So I I am very bullish on Jaylen Brown. I think he's gonna be the 2nd highest score next to Jayson Tatum. KP is still gonna be solid, but I think he's gonna be more of an efficiency guy. I don't know that we'll see the numbers that we saw in Washington, but I'm really high on Jaylen Brown. And then Scottie Barnes, definitely taking a bit of a risk not a risk, more of a flyer on him taking that next level, in his 3rd NBA season. I think he kind of plateaued last year, but I think it was more about the the raptors kind of going in this weird state of, are we rebuilding? Are we competing? And now that Fred VanVleet's gone, I think that that opens up more assists for him as a point forward. And, clearly, every other NBA team has questioned or wanted him as a part of a trade package, and the Raptors have said absolutely not. So re in those tea leaves, I'm thinking that he's gonna be in for a very impactful season this year. And, I said pay Pascal Siakam because I do think that the Raptors would be it'll be in their best interest to do so. Wait. Let me make sure everybody can see that watching. There it is. I think it'd be in their best interest to pay him. If they don't want to, you know, I think that that's even gonna be even better for Scottie Barnes if he is eventually traded, you know, midseason for for some some for some other assets to continue that rebuild. Because I think that this team is really looking to build around Scottie Barnes. So I think we could see his best season yet. Even though his rookie season was phenomenal, I think there's top 50 upside here if this guy's assist definitely go up to the way I expect them to. Did you consider going, big man in this range at all, or had you already kinda made up your mind you were gonna leave blocks probably on the table? Yeah. I think blocks were on the table or off the table now for me. I I felt comfortable because I already locked in center. So when I said I've been approaching a lot of mock drafts this year, if I've gone big man with my first pick, I usually go, you know, guard forward centric thereafter until the later rounds where I'm just loving all of the big men in the, in the later rounds. You know? The Mark Williams, the Jalen Durance who ended up on my team, Yousef Nurkic, Jack Zach Collins. Like, I don't think you need to overspend for centers if you get one earlier on. So, and even in those mid rounds, you can get the apparition goons, the Walker Kesselers, and so forth. So I felt pretty good about my center position, and I and I depending on you know, I've had to reach for Jalen Dern and Mark Williams sometimes in the 7th round, but I felt good about where my draft position was to be able to fill out the rest of my roster and then get in center later. Yeah. And, you know, you don't really have a choice when you're at an end of a draft if if there's a guy you want. And and this is something that I know I I still struggle with mentally even after doing this on the analyst side of the the wall for the last 6 or 7 years is coming to terms with this idea of, oh, am I removing value from a player by taking him in a spot I didn't want? But if if it's not getting back to you for 22, 23 picks Right. What value is left at that point? You're taking guys you didn't want. So Yeah. And to that end, I adore your picks at 72 and 73 here. Cam Johnson, who I mean, this is way later than he usually goes in drafts. Yeah. And then Jalen Duran about that. I think that was a nice little fall in value. And then follow that up with Jalen Duran to secure that other center spot. Usually, I'm playing on Yahoo, but, you know, if there's any standard default for 2 centers, I usually end up with 1 of Jalen Duran or Mark Williams. And, you know, based on the build, he could probably get me blocks. You know, he's had several 4, 3 block games. I'm not saying that he's gonna carry me for an entire week, but he will certainly contribute to it. And I think some of the other players that I got, Jaden McDaniels is another guy that I'm very high on from a stocks perspective. You know? Yeah. I mean, you can talk by the way, you can you can talk about as many of these players as you like. We don't we don't have to go 1 by 1 because you did you did kinda line up, like, Cam Johnson, threes, free throw steals are the positives there. Duran, who I just talked about earlier today on a show, is one of my favorite players to watch in the league because of the way other people bounce off of him. It's just insane. He's so strong. And then McDaniels, who's like a 211 guy in 3 steals blocks, you shored up a few categories that I don't know that they were weak necessarily because Jokic gets steals, Harden gets some, Jaylen Brown gets some, Barnes gets some. But if you're leaning into those things, you wanna keep powering them up on that head to head side. Yeah. I think that's a great point. And I think that that was my impetus in wanting to get Jaylen Brown because he's a 3 point guy. Scottie Barnes, not so much. But Cameron Johnson getting him where I did, I was like, oh, man. That's this is really completing the puzzle right here. And then I got I think I got some value almost in Derrick White. I think he fell kinda late, considering that I think he's gonna be, you know, an excellent catch and shoot 3 point shooter, now that Drew Holiday is there. And he was last season. You know? He's a 40% 3 point shooter. But then, also, he's a sneaky blocks guy. Like, he was only second to say Shay Gilchrist Alexander last year in blocks per game from the guard position. So, you know, as much as I was punting blocks, I think I actually did a pretty good job of trying to at least keep me competitive amongst the rest of the league. I might be able to steal a couple weeks in blocks when I wasn't normally expecting to. Yeah. That's one of the nice things about head to head versus roto. And you guys know everybody knows that I'm a big roto guy, but there is something satisfying about, like, accidentally backing into 3 or 4 wins in a category. You're like, oh, I was punting it, but okay. You know, Derrick White had a 7 block week at it. And you're like, okay. Terrific. Right. Let me ask you a follow-up on Derrick White, actually, because he was one of the guys I wanted to sorta slow down on here. Have people soured on him too much now with other folks on the team with since the addition of Porzingis and then maybe more directly, Jrue Holiday? I think so. You know, Noah Rubin, I think he was team Derek White since the beginning of the off season, and, I don't know. Like, his ADP right now on Yahoo is falling. He was 85th before, which I thought was still a little bit low. I had him originally, in that that 68, 69 range. And, you know, now he's going 92. So I think that the market is way too low on Derrick White for what he can do across categories. Right? Like, field goal percentage is definitely gonna be a little bit low, but I think he can get to 45, 46%, especially playing with so many dynamic players, in that starting lineup. But I think he just offers too much in the stocks categories to not value him as, like, a top 70 guy. So if he continues to fall in drafts, I'm gonna scoop him because I think that that's great value considering what he brings to the table when he doesn't really command that much usage, and he'll still be effective. Yeah. I I'm I can't argue with you. I actually wanna rewind to Jaden McDaniels. How does he potentially grow this year? Because that's what we all wanna see. Yeah. And I I think the first thing is that the Minnesota Timberwolves need to give him that extension. I think it's gonna be it's gonna be on the horizon, you know, after Devin Vassello just got his extension. He's been prioritized as one of the cornerstone pieces of this Minnesota Timberwolves team. The question I have is, like, how is Chris Finch going to figure out the rotation? Yeah. And I don't know that there's gonna be a lot of usage for McDaniels to be like a 15 point score. Like, I don't I don't think he's gonna get there yet, but I think we could carve out a a 12, 125, 3 assists with 2 and a half stocks potentially. That's gonna be the value in category leagues. Points leagues, I'm not that high on him just because he doesn't have the volume and the and the, usage to really warrant being in a, a points lead guy. But head to head, I I think it's similar to Derrick White. It's like, if I can get stocks cheap, I'm all in. And, he's an efficient player too. Shoots good field goal percentage, good 3 point shooter. I think there's an opportunity for him to kind of emerge as potentially the 3rd option in the offense. You know, you got Ant, Cat, Gobert. Nah. And Mike Conley has been more of a facilitator. So I think we could actually see some growth in in Jada McDaniel's offensive skill set this year. Your last 3 that I like to lump together as well because, I mean, really, what's happening? Yeah. They're they're definitely lumpers. They're lumpers. Once you're at pick 120, you're lumping. You went, like, kinda weirdly safe with your last 3, in Ivica Zubatz at 120, Jordan Clarkson at 121, and then Bobby Portis at 140 4 in the Mister irrelevant. Mister irrelevant, Robert. Oh, I still haven't forgiven him for, sending Niko Miritich to another country. So He ruined his career after that, man. We never saw from Miritich again. Nope. And for years, I made jokes on Twitter about following Miritich around in an RV to see if I could convince him to come back and because he had a really nice fantasy game. He was like Larry Markkanen before Larry Markkanen. That's That's right. But gone forever. Anyway, walk me through kind of safe late picks. Because usually, especially in industry mocks, you see analysts going, like, full, you know, like, eyes closed, a home run hack. And you kinda went the other way with established, like, plotting center, established scoring guard, established backup big man who scores and rebounds. There's, like, nothing fancy there. You kinda know exactly what you're getting. Yeah. I think it was more of a hedge to alright. So for Zubac, I was like, I need another big man just in case Duran doesn't work out, and I need to plug somebody else into that center spot. I was kinda light. I only have Duran, Jokic, and Zubac that had center eligibility. So that was the impetus there. But then, also, he also is a sneaky block guy, low end double double on occasion when they're not playing small. So I thought it was a pretty low risk, move there, and I think he's actually going he's usually a late round pick. So I think one of my general theories is is that, you know, when you're getting to that 11, 12th round, get someone with a high flow with a relatively safe floor so that in case one of your, you know, earlier picks doesn't pan out, you have someone to plug in. And centers are such a scarce position in terms of that this format with 2 centers. So I think it's important to grab 1, for insurance. Jordan Clarkson is interesting because, I mean, field goal percentage, I think I had enough guys that they should be able to compete, but I think I was probably gonna be middle of the pack and field goal percent. So at that point, I'm like, just give me a 20 point bucket, and Jordan Clarkson's gonna be starting this season at the 2. So think that you can pretty much pencil him in there for 20 points per game. He'll help the threes, get some steals in there. Doesn't really do much else, but I I was cool with getting a 20 point score in the 12th round, the 11th round. And then Bobby Portis, I don't really have much justification for this. I just wrote an article about how Bobby Portis just ends up on my team somehow, some way. Thought process there, I'm getting a guy that can give me 147 with some threes. He shoots decent from the free throw line for a big man, like 75%. So I feel like he's not gonna hurt my team that much. And while I could have taken a flyer, I saw a lot of good guys going, you know, in that later round. So, you know, I'm in top Thompson was off the board. PJ Washington was off the board. Paul Reed went, you know, 2 picks before me. So I was like, alright, Bobby. Come on in, man. You're you're used to we're used to this. Let's keep it safe. It was definitely boring, and I and I felt like the final 3 to 4 picks were definitely on the boring side, but sometimes boring works. And, you know, for where I was and this is a couple weeks ago. I think I have a couple sleepers that have emerged since the preseason action, and, you know, rotations have kinda changed and starting lineups have kind of taken shape a little bit. I could probably could've taken a different flyer, but where I was, you know, a couple weeks ago, I felt pretty good about it. We're, talking to Dan Titus of Yahoo Fantasy at Dan Titus on Twitter. This is Easter egg part of the show now where we talk about the late ones that, you did not get, and you actually mentioned a few during your last answer. Hopefully, people were paying close attention. You said Paul Reed. You said Ahman Thompson. I already forgot who the third one. PJ Washington, I think, was the third one. I'm sorry. My brain parents, it's I'm blaming fatherhood. Clock, man. I'm already have the kid on my clock. Oh my god. I got 2 hours before things are about to go nuts around here. That's I I get it. I don't know if you saw me disappear for just a second, but it was because my younger one just got home with my his grandma, and the dog was freaking out to get out of my locked bedroom door. I was like, I'm gonna ask Dan a really good question, and then zip. Bye bye. Yeah. You learn to be efficient in weird ways when you're you know, you got multiple tickets. I only have one, so I'm still learning, but I I get it. I get it. Yeah. It, it's an avalanche, man. It's it's an avalanche. Alright. So tell me a little bit more about your and these are what the the young folk like to refer to as sleepers. I don't know what the right word is at this point because I feel like, you know, experts those of us that are I say expert is such a hoity toity way to express it. Just those of us that are staring at it. Stare at this all Exactly. Yes. That's the proper way. Those of us that are just staring at fantasy basketball names, we know all these names already. But there are also people that come in that are novice level, intermediate level. So I needed they need a word, and the word that's out there is sleeper, so we use it. So, Paul Reed, PJ Washington, Ahmet Thompson. Who are some of the guys at the end, and what do you think they might be able to do? Yeah. So those are, like, late round. I'd say, like, probably 11, 12, 13 range. One guy that I think is is driving crazy up the draft boards is Asar Thompson, and I think it's totally justified now that he's on the verge of being a starter. What he can do stocks wise, I think, is gonna be very impressive for Fantasy. I've been calling him the young sixers Andre Iguodala. He's kind of that playmaking guru guy with extreme athleticism that I think is actually gonna be very useful in fantasy leagues, and he's going well outside, you know, the top 120 in in fantasy drafts. One guy I think is being slept on is Trey Murphy, and that's because he tore his meniscus, you know, a month and a half ago. He had a 10 to 12 week timetable, so that puts him around November, December time frame. But people might have forgotten this guy was a top 40 guy last year, and I don't know that he's necessarily gonna be inserted right into the starting lineup. But even as a 6th man, with his efficiency, he's a he he has to be on your roster. Shoot. He he's a 80 top 80 percentile in catch and shoot threes, so he's gonna be a 40% guy from 3 point line. Shoots a high percentage from the field. He's very efficient, and he gets steals. So this is like a prototypical 3 and d wing that I want on my fantasy team in category leagues, and you can get him super cheap, you know, after or right around the 100 pick. I consider sleepers everyone has different terminologies, but I usually consider a sleeper anyone that's going beyond top 100. So, you know, Zach Collins falls into that territory. Another guy that I think is gonna smash his ADP just given the fact that he's a starting center. The San Antonio Spurs are top 3 in pace last year. They're gonna be even more pace this year with Victor Webinama in the lineup. Yeah. Just nut just nutmegging people in the preseason. You know? My god, dude. Like, what what? What? What's happening? Already dunking from, like, catching tip slams from the 3 point line. Now he's just nutmegging guys. Like, bro. What was Was it Reggie Book? That was just like Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. What? Oh, Thomas Bryant was on the dunk. Right? Thomas yeah. Thomas Bryant was just, like, what did this guy That was an amazing piece of footage of just catching him going, Like Right. To see one of the biggest people on earth make that face about someone being bigger than them. That's how I feel when I walk into any room of average sized humans. So I you know, like, Thomas, I see you, man. I see you. We see you. Yeah. We see you. We we regular sized humans. We feel this way about everybody. Yeah. Are you when you when you think about, somewhat these guys at the end of a draft, like a like a Trey Murphy, actually, is the one that I wanted to kinda follow-up on here. And then we'll do 1 or 2 questions from the chat room. Being willing to stash a player at the beginning of the year, I find is something that's very much, like, right on the razor's edge. Do you have to feel very comfortable with the health or predictability of the first 5 or 6 picks? Like, what if you I mean, you have James Harden. So let's actually use him as a good example here. Yeah. Would you still feel comfortable stashing a Trey Murphy even with your 3rd round pick maybe sitting out the first x number of weeks of the year? Is that something that would creep into your mind as you're planning things out? I would because you don't win your fantasy league in the draft. So by immediately being able to stash some in IL, I'm like, cool. I got first dibs on waivers. Like, I don't have to, like, go through this mental exercise of, oh, man. Who do I wanna drop? And am I making a mistake dropping someone too early that start off slow? I actually love the fact that you can draft him and then stash him, open up a roster spot, and then go get that guy that you weren't anticipating that's sitting on waivers. Or, like, you know, Jeremy Sohan is a guy that, you know, he was being drafted, but, like, he's not a 100% roster ship right now. And now that he's been anointed the starter, I'm like, cool. If I already drafted, I'm going right to the waivers and picking him up. So I think that there's a lot of there's a lot of flexibility when you are able to draft and stash. I would agree that if you miss a bunch, it might hurt a little bit if you're spending too high of a draft pick on someone that you're gonna be stashing, but there actually aren't too many major injuries to players that I'd be, you know, concerned about doing that. I think the main one would probably be Khris Middleton. I've been fading him like the plague and avoiding him like the plague. Agreed. It's because I just don't know what his health situation is right now. He looks like he's gonna be coming back into, like, a load management type of situation. Year 2. That that's that I know. Right? So I'm just concerned. Like, I I don't have as much clarity on him as, like, I can I can wait on Trey Murphy because he's not gonna cost me that much? Khris Middleton's a 7th round pick. Like, that I could use that pick, and I need that pick to produce, like, right away for my fantasy team. Yeah. And I I hate to throw in the sort of ultimate cop out part of the answer, but you also need to know how many IL slots your league has. Very true. If you even have that. If you don't have that, that's something I think I'd probably be less interested in wanting to stash a guy that I'm Right. Just gonna be holding on to and I can't use for a waiver spot. That's a good point. Yahoo's public prize leagues, which I am a a fond participant of, have 3, which is a ton, I find. 3 I mean, especially in a games cap roto format, you don't need 3. I like, I got players coming out of my ears on those clubs, and I can't use half of them because the game's cap is 82. I'm gonna say, though. Even have that many players that I think you could even stash on IL that are worth it. Like, usually, you'll throw a flyer out for, like, a Jonathan Isaac on one of those, but, like, he's actually healthy right now. So I'm like Technically. Yeah. Yeah. He's healthy ish. I feel like he's never gonna be fully healthy. We can never trust Jonathan Isaac. No. It doesn't seem like his team likes him all that much these days. So He's kind of a weird guy, so I don't I don't I'm not surprised. Right? Yeah. What has he logged in the preseason so far? Like, 15 minutes over 3 games or something like that? I believe me. I did look because I was like, I wonder if Are you gonna room me back in here? Yeah. It's fine. 1 of these one of my old Dan Bestris guys, they always reel me back, and it's probably gonna be Chris Paul this year. They one of them always gets me. He's a value, man. Like He is. He's never finished worse than 40th in per in per game value. I don't care whether he's not playing 30 minutes. He had, like he played 28 last night, had 9 assists, 4 rebound, 9 assists, 4 rebounds, and, like, 13 points. That's huge. You're getting him at, like, a 70, I think it's, like, a 70th round, 80 p. Like, 70 80 p. That's disrespectful. I know. But he's old. That's He's old. That's what people are afraid of. And I and I feel like you can buy into that because the way that the warriors are gonna utilize him and that 6th man kind of hybrid starter kinda thing, I think it's gonna be better for him. He was playing, like, 34 minutes a game last last year, so it's not a surprise, you know, he gets hurt eventually. Put him right under that 30 minute mark, man. I think it's gonna be great for his longevity for this season. Yeah. Plus, I don't need him out there with a bunch of starters that wanna shoot. Put him in with a bunch of bench guys, and he can run and gun. Yeah. I I got I mean, again Serving up to Jonathan Kuminga. I'm all for it. There you go. Is gonna be fun. But I think he's, what, 3rd oldest player in the NBA, and that's gonna keep his price tag down. So I'm okay with it. Did Andre Iguodala, he officially retired now. Right? So Braun is the oldest? Did he? Yeah. He's talking on podcast like he's retired. Yeah. So I think I think I think so. I think it's LeBron, PJ Tucker, Chris Paul. These are this is the kind of thing that the Dan Best I mean, this is my brand. I feel like I need to know these things. Who are the people in the NBA poster? 35. Yeah. Have you put in your time, and are you still elite playing at a high level? You're on the team. Are you are you gonna get my Saturday morning cartoon references if we sat down and had a conversation? Yes? Terrific. I have a bowl of Werther's Originals. Come hang out with me. Werther's Originals. Oh, man. It's a grandma favorite. I know. I actually don't like them at all. Question from Kohl's. He's actually the host of our, fantasy football show at Sports Ethos. Thoughts on Chet Holmgren this year, Dan. I'll throw this one to you. Man, the price is going up, and I get it. He's gonna be, to me, he's a cheaper version of Victor Webanyama. You can probably get him a a little bit of probably a little bit of a discount, you know, round 3 versus round 4. But I think it's gonna be spectacular, especially if he gets minutes at center. There isn't that many that much competition in the front court. So, conservatively, I think we can pencil and check for, like, a 158 with 2 blocks. I think it's 1.8, you know, round up. He's gonna be a stud. I worry about the turnovers a little bit and maybe some efficiency issues, but I think we'll figure it out. This is gonna be an ascending Oklahoma City thunder team. He's gonna be a stud. Let's do one more. You were talking about Jeremy Sohan, so I figured I could throw this one in there. Sohan or Jalen Johnson who's kind of like a a cult favorite right now as well. Yeah. He's a Jalen Johnson is definitely a cult favorite of mine. I called him a a sleep. He definitely has that sleeper tag to him right now. I don't know that he's gonna be starting right away, but I think eventually, the hawks are gonna figure out how to move from Deandre Deandre Hunter's contract and or Clint Capelas, maybe both. If that happens, that's gonna be great news for Jalen Johnson's, outlook, but I would lean so on here because he's the starter right now. Yeah. I I think that's that's the safe play, especially because someone will probably get frustrated with it. Forget Jalen Johnson. Really, anybody who, like, doesn't immediately produce, you see so much of that. Enough of this nonsense. And off they go into the into the abyss. I am going to take the board down so you guys can actually see our 2, somewhat nerdy, but very handsome faces. Dan, I don't know why the hell it took me so damn long to get you on here, but thank you so much for not only carving out the time, but also bringing all the energy. I love it. You make my life so much easier. You're a great host, man, and you do great work. And, yeah, man. I think it's great to to talk shop, and I think you you and Lloyd do a great job of holding the industry accountable for We're really giving you this guy that's that's kinda falling here, or this guy's a little bit too high. Or you guys are freaking nuts. What are you doing? So I think it's awesome, man, and always good great to collab. I think we're gonna be in a couple leagues. So it's always fun to, talk shop with like minded guys that just are obsessed with fantasy as much as I am. So Fantasy. For having me. You might call us fantasy nerds. Trying to bring it all full circle here. He is at you can see it on your screen if you're watching on YouTube or after the fact. If you're listening on traditional podcast channels, he is at Dan Titus, d a n t I t u s, over at Yahoo Fantasy Sports. Dan, thank you again so much for your time. Yes, sir. Dan Titus, that was fun. I don't know what the hell took me so damn long to get him on the show. That is fully on me. I don't know how many maya culpals I've done on the show of why does it take me so long to schedule things with people? Well, because I'm an idiot, and I can't get my schedule together. And as you guys heard in the middle of that one, I had a kid try to burst into the room, which did happen. I did a guest spot with, over on the ITL network, and, my 3 year old burst into the room. So I learned my lesson. I locked the door. I thought, there we go. You know, guy pointing at head meme. And, but then the dog was locked in here, and she started barking to get out. So I'm damned if I do, damned if I don't. Anyway, long way of saying, I suck at scheduling, but I am eternally grateful when folks like Dan, like Josh, like, who the hell is do we like, Alex, like, Brew, everybody that's come on earlier this week that actually fit into my, stupid series of, of schedule stuff. Before we go, I do have a few things that I wanna remind everybody about. Certainly, what's coming up here on the show, but, also, I think there's 1 or 2 questions in the chat room that I didn't think paralleled, what was going on with Dan, in the conversation. I wanted to make sure that I didn't, like, hit him with something wacky out of left field, especially on the first time, man. I'll wait till he's been on the show a couple times before I nail him with something completely absurd. Neil says, your opinion on Cantavius Caldwell Pope and Malcolm Brogner, they must roster in 12 team 9 cat. I think Pope probably is. He's gonna be extremely boring for you, but they lost Bruce Brown, which means they're gonna give some more stuff to younger guys, but also KCP is gonna be relied upon to just be that sort of stabilizing play. He was number 95 and very durable last year. He's not exciting at all in roto games cap, head to head. He's like the guys that get Dan was talking about. You want that safe play at a 120. Just get one safe play at the end in case someone you drafted earlier stinks or gets hurt and then take some flyers around him. KCP is probably that guy. Clarence said, reminder, Dan, I told you the dodgers suck. Yeah. That's my hat. I'm wearing a dodgers hat. It's it's in morning. It's in morning, Clarence. And I know they stunk. They won a ton of ball games, but they did not have any starting pitching. So it's actually kind of amazing that they did what they did considering, Kershaw blew out his shoulder. Walker Buehler didn't make it back. Dustin May blew out his arm. Tony Gonsolin blew out his arm, and Julio Urias is a, dog doo human being. So, that was 5, by the way. That was pretty much an entire starting rotation that that wasn't there. So I was honestly happy they got as far as they did. I thought they'd put up a fight against the d backs, but, they had no shot of getting much. I mean, even if they won the 1st round, they had no shot going past that. Philip says, I wanna get Anthony Simons over Dame. No. You don't, Philip. Anthony Simons over Dame is not a wise call. Dame is a much better fantasy player, and, Simons is gonna score a bunch, but he's also gonna have, some problems. Mike Franco says, how low is too low for Keldin Johnson? I still believe well, here's the problem, Mike. The Kelvin Johnson's issues happened when they moved him down to small forward, and he ain't going anywhere from there because they added Victor Wembanyama to the mix. So whatever Kelvin minutes this year are probably going to still be at small forward. That pushes him farther from the bucket, fewer rebounds, more distance on his shots. Percentages were an issue for him last year in a big way, and there's gonna be less usage coming his direction. So I am not a Keldon Johnson believer. I think he fits what they're trying to do there because he's a scorer, and he'll run. They'll have a bunch of fun. But from a fantasy standpoint, he's, someone that makes more sense in points leagues by quite a lot, and I don't even know if it's all, all the way a lot. I keep forgetting, and I can't do it now. I guess I could take my headphones out and go quickly grab the, handyman 5 point o. Don't go anywhere, people. I can see it. It's literally right over there. I'm grabbing it. Look at that. You see how fast I made it back and forth with the handyman. So this is the handyman 5 point o. This thing is absolutely sweet. You can see how the top comes off just like that. That is a electric razor, not a sideburn trimmer. It's travel size, which is awesome. This cover, by the way, is magnetic, so it won't fall off and turn on in your bag. Also fantastic. The charging port, very small, very easy. Everything about it is excellent. It has SkinSafe Technology. You can get this and so much more, including the new lawnmower 5 point o, the brand new lawnmower. I can't wait till my copy comes in. It's like when you're waiting for the old TV guide. I can't wait for my lawnmower 5 point o to come in, and you can get that and everything else atmanscape.com, including look what else I have on my desk. I didn't set this up. This is the, too shiny is what it is. This is the luxury nail kit, also magnetized. You got the goodies in there like that. Ethos 20 is the promo code. 20% off and free shipping on your order over atmanscaped.com. Ethos 20 for 20% off on your order over atmanscaped.com. Coming up on Fantasy NBA today, one last question from Kenneth. Is it a Bilo on Harden or leave him alone? I'm leaving him alone. I don't know that you can even stash him on an IL slide if he's just suspended or absent. He's gonna be a massive headache. Unless we get some kind of clarity in the next 4 days, I don't think I'm doing it. Also coming up on Fantasy NBA today, and I'm really excited about this, tomorrow is the big bopper, the Danvers Old Man Squad. I'll come up with a fun way to name the show so that YouTubers can actually find it, but, effectively, it is all of my targets. I do them late in the Fantasy season because I'm waiting for the last Yahoo board shuffle, which happened today, Thursday morning. So it's all set. I could rearrange my my targets based on any last minute shuffling that Yahoo did. That's gonna be a big show tomorrow. It'll probably be an hour long. I don't think we're gonna do questions on that, because last year, I had something like 40 players that were guys that I was targeting. Last year, if you guys recall, we did not get Nick Claxton. That was the big gainer that we missed on, but we had Brook Lopez. I think I might have been the only analyst on planet Earth that was high on Brook Lopez last year. We had Larry Markkanen, one of the other gigantic leapers. I was higher than ADP on Shay Gilgeous Alexander, not high as some other analysts, but he's another one that we got a little bit of. So the old man squad had, by and large, a pretty good year. And the one name that I will continue to kick myself about until the end of time is Khris Middleton because we got freaking bamboozled. Anyway, I don't know why you guys are still hanging out. It's the end of the show. Thanks for watching, everybody. Big thank you to Dan Titus again at Dan Titus over on social media. He's with Yahoo Fantasy, where I run almost all of my leagues. That's the place to be. Yahoo. I know FanTrax has the better commissioner tools, but the Yahoo UI is still tippy top. That was fun. Dan is a kindred spirit. I could feel it in the way we think and talk about fantasy sports. I hope he has a lovely day. I hope you all have a lovely day, and I will talk to you guys tomorrow morning. Old man squad time. So long for now.