Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Man, what's happening, everybody? Back to back shows here on this lovely Wednesday afternoon. It's Fantasy NBA Today. I am your host, Dan Vesperis, and very excited today because not only do we have a sweet back to back, but here on the second half of our twin, Bill, we'll be talking to the wonderful Josh Lloyd about his 9 cat mock results. He's also got a few late targets up his sleeve, and we'll get to that in about 20 seconds. 1st, welcome. You can find me on social at Dan Vesperis. Please do take a moment to like, rate, subscribe. You guys know the spiel at this point. Every little bit you do helps for our young blossoming flower of a sports ethos YouTube account. I know. I get weird with these things. Josh, good day to you, sir. Was that a little too weird? It sounds like you need to be on a registry, to be honest. I I can't afford to move right now. It's too expensive here in Los Angeles. Josh, how you doing, man? I'm good. I'm good. You, better before I heard that. But I'm good. You guys, you don't like my flower metaphor for our sports ethos? You no? Too much? Alright, mate. I'm I'm I throw whatever out there. I'm, I'm I'm pretty I'm pretty, reflective. I can, I can take it along? Yeah. You know, I mean, we've you you're they, can I call you an avid show host? You've done quite a few of them. Shows. Yeah. Quite a few. I'm closing in on 4,000 total shows in, that I've hosted in in on my show in my career. So, yeah, I would say that it is something that I, don't detest. Yeah. You're you're sort of into it a little bit. So you know what I'm about to say, which is this is a 2 part thing. The run up to the season is equal parts delightful and wonderful because we've been suffering through an off season where we are providing content that at times is, like, oh my god. What am I going to talk about today? And at the same time, there's so much to talk about right now that I'll admit I'm a little bit sleepy. So fair? Yeah. Like, it's it also part of the thing in this portion of the year is that we've been, you know, building up to it and working to get stuff out and so many angles to cover, and then you just start overthinking things. And you go, but but but what if this isn't right? And what if this isn't here and this happens differently and we still have so many questions that we don't know? And I don't know, man. Sometimes you have to be like and I'm sort of taking more of that attitude on this season. It's like, hey. Stuff's gonna change. It's gonna change a lot. And sometimes even if something changes a very small amount, it's gonna throw so many different things. Everything's a domino. If someone then averages point 2 steals fewer than you thought they would, then that guy might move down 10 spots. And then that changes the value of 5 other guys. And then you go, oh, you had this got 20 spots. Okay. This is what it's what happens. And if you sit there and overthink and overanalyze, and that's why I've been really big on this season and talking about draft standards. Like, you know, you know, your draft is not the end of anything. It's not even it it might be 50% of what you do. Like, there are so many ways to change, recover, adjust your team, as the season goes on. So don't be disheartened or be boastful that you've got the best team in the world or you've got the shittest team in the world because, yeah, stuff changes real quickly. Josh, you can find, of course, on social at redrock_bballhost of almost 4000 episodes. That's crazy, man. The locked on fantasy basketball podcast. So you said something in there before we get to your your mock team, because that is what's coming up here in a moment. But you mentioned about, like, the the concept of overthinking, and I found that I am, a a constant victim of that. And some of it is because there's you know, part of our job, as as show hosts is to talk to other people. I've struggled sometimes with just sort of this, like, cooks in my kitchen. Like, I wanna make sure that I'm talking to all the people that are very smart in doing these things a lot. But you almost have to, like, at the end of some shows, flip your brain switch and go, okay. Now wait a minute. Like, what do I actually how do you I I wanna say, have you ever run into this kind of thing, but how do you combat that if there is a lot of different pieces of information out there? Like, how do you figure out the ones that you really agree with? I think the way that I do it and, I'm always adjusting the way that I approach things is, is that when I am doing something, I, I do everything that I think in a relative vacuum, right? So I'll go through and do all my thoughts and projections and all that sort of stuff in a relative vacuum and sit back and and think about it and look at it. And then when I talk to others, I'll hear their arguments. And most of the time, because of the way I work, I have already heard that argument or I have dismissed it or I've brought it on or whatever in my process. So I can put if this happens or if this happens or if this happens and someone might come in and I've settled on, like, path a and someone else might have set it on path. But I go, yeah, I did think about that, but I've gone this way. So I, my exhaustive initial process usually puts me through all the different paths that a projection or a thought can take on a player. And so when I do hear somebody else's thing I have, it's generally not something that is new information. So I have already thought about it, considered it, and, you know, not dismissed it, but also thought, like, to me, that wasn't how I the direction I wanted to go. So not that I'm not swayed because I'm always taking on new information, but the new information I'm taking on is usually something that materially changes through words that a coach has said or an injury or a trade or a free agent signing, then I can make my choices on that. But I'd like to I don't ever just go in and go, well, this guy was this and therefore he is this. And that's what I'm thinking because I look at what about all these different scenarios? What's most likely sit on that? And then I can hear other arguments and be always open to the fact that there's many paths for every player to take, really. Let's take a look at the draft board as we dive on in, and apologies in advance. I know that everything is very small. I maximized space here to the best of my ability. I mean, I thought I did okay by all accounts. Those that are listening, I'll make sure that, I read off every name on the board. Josh has the number 2 pick. You, we've done this before, Josh. I think we've done this the last 4 4 some odd years in a row leading up to the season, so you guys know, or you know what's coming. To anybody that is listening to this for the first time, we're just gonna take a journey through Josh's team from point 1 to point I I eliminated the 12th round actually because I think half of the team's auto picked in that one. So I I went round run through round 11, on the board right now. And then we'll get anybody else that you were perhaps looking at in those last 2 or 3 rounds that didn't get to your team that either got scooped up too early or just kind of ran out of slots to place them. So, I don't wanna call it controversial, but an interesting pick right out of the chute at number 2. You did not go Doncic or Embiid and jumped straight to Tyrese Halliburton who I'm high on Indy. I went on a a betting podcast this morning or a betting show this morning. I said, I think Indy's gonna have a really good year, and Halliburton's sort of at the center of it. Is this a less controversial call than people might think it is, Halliburton it too? That's a good way of phrasing it because people will think that that is silly to take in there, and I I do understand that. Right? I mainly wanted to do something to mix it up a little bit, but just to change it because my thought process is is your kid sits there at number 1. He might not finish number 1. I don't care. Right? It doesn't matter. You take him at number 1, but to me, the next 3 guys are pretty much equivalent and understanding the way that assists are quite a tough category to get. I can get a league leader in assist there. Yeah. The points aren't gonna be particularly strong for Halliburton there, but also when I get back around to my 2nd round pick, a lot of those 26, 27 point scores are gone anyway. So I'm okay with being a little bit weaker in that area, but I just do I feel more confident in in bead being healthy or with turmoil in Philadelphia? No. Not really. Like and I just I just wanted to do it. Like, honestly, like, I think that we can have these set top 6 or top 7 or whatever you wanna say. And there are certain sections where you can just mix and match, and it doesn't as long as you make the correct decisions on your team later on, I don't think it actually hurts you to to do something a little bit different in that spot. I don't know that there's a whole lot to add there. We'll have probably longer discussions on a few of the players in the middle. I don't know that there's gonna be a long discussion on your 2nd rounder either because he's a little bit of a Dan Vesper's favorite, and that's Jimmy Butler at 23. Older player, not super exciting, but, team that, as we saw last year, needed every ounce of Butler late in the season to get even into the damn playoffs before they made their improbable finals run. Emojimmy at 23, anything people need to know about this pick, or is this just kind of like a look. This dude is a top 12 per game guy, and you don't expect him to have any massive injury concerns beyond the usual nagging stuff? I'd fill in fill in whatever cracks I'm leaving open there. Yeah. That's the only thing with him is, historically, he has worn down through March. Didn't happen last season, but it's happened, yeah, 4 or 5 times in his career. But I'm okay with him there. Look, I wouldn't have if Lillett had arrived in Miami, I wouldn't have been looking at him in that position, but, you know, the team is basically the same as they were or actually worse than they were last season. So I'm I'm okay. I'm okay with getting him there. I don't love it. Look. It's not something I do in in every single situation. There are other guys that I would take in that spot. Like, for example, like, Jimmy Harden goes a couple of pics later, but I just don't know what's happened. Like, if I knew that he was settled in Philadelphia, then I would definitely have taken him as I assume many other people would have. But it's not the case. So Jimmy was okay there, and it's not an egregious, like, reach or and there is still a little bit of upside in it. I think it just works with my Halliburton pick earlier on. Bam Adebayo at, 26 in the 3rd round, another player that benefited from Dame not going to Miami. Tell me about the, the fit here. Was this, a situation where he was your favorite player on the board, where he was a player that was both very good and kinda fit some of the things that were missing? Obviously, very durable, which is helpful after Butler who maybe isn't. What went into the BAM pick here at 26? I wish I could remember exactly, Dan, but now I'm trying to go back and because we did this, what, 2 weeks ago. Play for me, mate. I'll tell you what. Current Josh thinks about what past Josh did here with it. I I picked Torres Halliburton, so when I write, I'm probably not gonna lean into getting, blocks in in this draft, but when you lean into, you know, avoiding blocks or disregarding blocks, it's really tough to make sure that you also, like, keep your rebounds and fuel all percentage high. They are the holy trinity of stats that combine together. Right? So getting a big man in these early rounds despite the punting blocks is key. Bam doesn't get blocks. His value isn't eroded by, me disregarding that category. Field goal percentage, a bit of rebounding. Now I was I'm probably a little bit higher on Bam when I did this than I am now because I thought that they wouldn't be starting Kyle Lowry, which meant that there would be more of an opportunity for Bam's assist numbers to rise. It does appear that Larry is going to start now. So we've seen the impact of Larry in that starting lineup, and it just does reduce all of Bam's assist opportunities. So I'm not sure I would have necessarily gone that direction with him if I knew now if I knew then what I knew now, but in terms of that fit of a big man, that that makes a little bit of sense. And not again, is it egregiously high? No. Is it a a super value that slid? Not particularly. I think it's just sort of what it is. The I'm taking us off course here for a second. I just had a conversation earlier today with Brew on an episode about draft strategy, where I was asking for folks that were more novice level, maybe novice to even sort of, like, low intermediate. Is it do you think, like, an easier way to build a team generally leaning towards these safer, more durable guys? Is it easier to do it? Or just, like, a way that maybe you'd suggest someone break into playing Fantasy if they were doing it for a first time kinda thing. Yeah. That's that is interesting. The the Yeah. I don't know what the I don't know what the right answer is on that either. The durability thing is interesting, Dan, because I try to look at this stuff every single year, and games played do not correlate year on year. Right? So we could say, Bam, but 2 years ago, didn't he miss, like, 30 games with a thumb injury? So he might be durable, but stuff happens. Right? There's always random things that happen. So it's an okay baseline in a lot of situations. My my general rule on that sort of stuff is if you've got a repetitive lower body issue, then I will put an element of risk on that player. But if it's like something that was sort of out of control like Bam's thumb issue, I'm not really gonna consider it, but it also doesn't guarantee that he's going to be there and healthy in terms of what a novice player does. It is really, really hard to to get it to get into that. I I don't know. Like, yeah, sometimes it's hard for me, and, like, I'm sure you have this problem, is that you absorb this stuff 12 hours a day, 365 days of the year, and then you're like, the question is, oh, someone who just dropped in now 2 days before the season starts, what should they not go? I don't know. Like, yeah, I'm struggling. I actually, I, I actually don't really know how to provide that best basic, which I probably need to get better at. So, yes, to answer your question in a terrible way, I would say, yes. Those guys that you have well, it probably doesn't give you the best chance of winning. It gives you the best chance of not being terrible. Yeah. If you are a novice in there being not terrible, playing out the season, being competitive, learning as you go along is probably a a benefit rather than I'm gonna swing for the fences on these guys. And if it doesn't work out, you go, well, this game's shit. I'm terrible at it. How can I do it? But I never come back. Right. So yes is your answer. Yeah. I think that's kind of the way I'm leaning to. And then the last thing you said kinda put the cherry on. It was like, play out a season. You give yourself an opportunity to learn all the different nuances of the game, the way you change strategy at different parts of the year. Maybe you slip into your playoffs if it's head to head, and you sort of get to learn that process. It does, I think, take a year for folks to kinda figure out the game a little bit if you're just breaking in. So hanging in there is probably maybe that's the the answer to that question. End of 4th, you want Jordan Poole, and he is is he one of the most polarizing players in fantasy drafts right now? Give me the give me the Josh Jordan Poole pitch. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Is he polarizing? Probably a little bit. I'll tell you, and I think you know why, Dennis. People just think he's a terrible player. People just go, man, this guy sucks. The Warriors just gave him away. He's okay. That's cool, but it doesn't actually mean anything. He's not terrible. That was a terrible it's a weird season. He still was solid enough. He also had a 30% usage in 30 minutes and is an 85 plus percent free throw shooter absolute minimum who can run as a point guard and handle the ball and getting someone who might average, let's say, 25 a game minimum, who might hit 3 threes a game, who might get 5 and a half to 6 assists, who might get to the line 6 at times and hit 88%. It's a pretty good player. Right? And I don't think any of those things are an outrageous thing to suggest, especially if he starts alongside low usage tires Jones, low usage below Calabrio and low usage Dan Gafford. Right? He's going to have a lot of opportunities to do that. I would think that, like, getting him at 47 here in a lot of the drafts I do, he goes in early to mid round 3, and I wouldn't have any issue if someone wanted to look at him. Not any issue. I think it takes away value, but if you look at the end of round 2, he could return that value. Like, the could he be Trae Young with fewer assists? Maybe. And that's like Trae Young goes at the end of round 1. So Trae might get Tennessee, Poole might get 6. But otherwise, what what is the difference in their overall game? Is does Poole so I'll I'll admit. He's a player that I'm struggling with. And when I struggle to handicap a player, I end up not drafting them because I just like, well, I don't know what I'm getting out of this. Do you feel like the the field goal percent is going to be a a small issue, a medium issue, or a big issue? That's I mean, for me, that's where I'm sort of sitting as I don't know. It could be it could be any one of the 3. I think it's gonna be a sizable issue, really. But we're talking head to head here, and I can deal with that on a weekly basis, especially, Jimmy's not a bad field goal guy. Pam's a good field goal guy. You'll see some of my later picks have some decent field goal, but also if I lose it, I lose it. I think when I'm looking at these things, if he's providing me a sizable boost in points in threes and free throw percentage with a significantly above average assist likelihood as well. I I can sacrifice that one category there, so I'm not gonna be turned off by a what's the same thing? Like, you know, we've seen Fred Van Blake go in round 2 for many, many years. Is Jordan Paul gonna shoot 39% from the field? I doubt it. So if you're able to withstand a friend of Van de Beellet's bad field goal percentage in round 2 for years years years in a row, then I'm pretty happy getting Poole at 47. By the way and the reason that I, ground in hard on that is because your next pick 3 picks later is the exact opposite on the field goal percent spectrum, and then that's Zion, at pick 50. So was that a consideration? You were like, well, I just took pool. I might as well get the guy that balances that, or is this I just like Zion here? I'm just trying to think back, and I'm just looking at how my team Yeah. Remember what pace Josh was thinking. Yeah. Look, I'm just trying to see how my team ended up projecting in those stats. And with the way that I built the team, I was actually sitting at, like, 82% from the from the line. So having Butler, big free throws, big attempts, Halliburton, big free throws, medium attempts, pool big free throws, big attempts, and you'll see later on, I got a few other big free throw guys as well. And it's a swing, but you know, we talk about novice players taking risks, like taking Zion at 51 or something. It's a risk. It might not work out, but we also saw yesterday him, like, 5 steals and 2 blocks in 22 minutes or something, which is something that he flashed when he was in college and hasn't in the NBA. But if he does that and then scores 29 points on 63% shooting and gets you 1.5 steals in a block with 7 rebounds when then while he beats his by 30 spots, I think, comfortably. But he he probably doesn't. Right? He probably doesn't. But he also and I I didn't actually realize this, Dan. He's 2 years ago, I think it was. He played 61 out of 72 games. Yeah. That was crazy. He's been injured every year. And I'm not just not telling you that he's a beacon of health or he's gonna stay healthy, but we have the impression, and I had it as well, that he's never had a healthy season, but he did. He did have a healthy season. He had one. It's just it's just 2 years ago. And so that to me says that, well, it it is possible. Is it likely? No. But it is possible. It is possible. Yeah. I had that same realization when I was looking at the the year by year. I went, oh, look at that. He did it one time. Yeah. That's alright. Wow. And the same thing happened to me, not yeah. With LaMelo Ball because everyone's, like, screaming Yeah. He did it one time too. This guy. He played 75 games a year ago. Mhmm. And people go, man, he's always injured. Bro, he played 75 games. There's what? 10 blokes have played 75 games last year? And, again, this is not to say that he will play 75 games or that he didn't have an ankle problem, but we see what happened in the last season and just go, well, that's it. That's everything he's ever done and everything that he will do moving forward, and it's just not true. If between those two guys, I feel like we have to be a little more confident that the smaller one who's not built like a Mack truck can withstand the durability stuff a little better. Right? Well, I guess it depends, doesn't it? Because you might you could I could argue the opposites back back to our earlier point about taking other people's opinions on them. I could say, well, LaValle Ball's more frail, so he's more likely to get knocked over and land on his wrist and break his arm because he doesn't have the ability for guys to bounce off him. Which one of those is the more accurate assessment? I've got no idea. But Yeah. Like, you can you can make those. I don't think that I remember having this argument with someone and I've lost the argument about zion before he came into league Look, man. I don't know. Look is is his weight a problem? Is it gonna be so much issue with his body? And I said To them, okay, that's cool But we've also never seen anybody at this size be as explosive and athletic as him. Maybe there's just a bunch of stuff that's different with him because, honestly, you've never seen someone do this before. So that might mean that all these other things have all of someone is a little bit more overweight. There's extra stress on their knees, and it's gonna blow out all the time. Maybe that doesn't apply. Not that science had persistent knee problems because that hasn't been his issue. It's been other stuff, and it's been more, I think, with Zion, not the his size causing the injury. It's his lack of motivation getting back from injury. That's that's been more of the problem because a hamster, he could have been back in 3 or 4 weeks, but I'd every report would suggest that the reason he didn't is because he didn't because he didn't want it because he just didn't like, he ate himself out of shape. He was depressed at the injury and so much other stuff going on in his life, a lack of commitment. Not that he just constantly was getting hurt on court because guys guys get hurt all the time on the court, and they come back. His problem is he doesn't come back. That is brutal. Do you think that any of that mental stuff has improved year over year? Hard for us to know. It is hard for us to know. There has there has been an overwhelming volume of comments that suggest that is at least marginally different, And I have heard that a little bit behind the scenes as well, but I don't know. Is it people blowing smoke up your ass? I don't know. But when you try and compare the volume of what you hear now versus what you might have heard last off season, it is very different. Right? The tenor and the tone of what the players and the coaches and the GMs and assistant GMs are saying is part of that motivational. I don't know. But it is a very different, level that you're hearing, I think. I like it. Honestly, I could spend the next 15 to 20 just talking about Zion, but I guess we should probably keep going. Probably. Anthony Simons at the end of 6th, and I can almost lump the next 2 together a little bit. Tyler Herro at the start of 7th if you wanted to talk about 1, 2, or both of them. Simons obviously stepping into a much larger role with Damian Lillard not there anymore. Tyler Herro on the other side of that same discussion, Dame didn't go to Miami, and so Taylor Tyler Herro gets to keep the role that he had, in prior years. Do you think any let me try to ask this question in a fresh new fun way. Do you think anything changes for Tyler Herro season over season? And then for Simons, how does he, how does his role evolve over the course of this year as the blazers work scoot into things more and more? The reason I took these guys is they're they're relatively equivalent right in terms of players. Hero had a really strong start in rebounding last season that came back to Earth, but he's going to have to be relied upon a little bit more. They lose Vincent and they lose stress, and they replace him with Richardson. So that's not like a one to one replacement. It's obviously 2 to 1. So he's gonna be relied upon a little bit more. But when I took, you know, Halliburton or it's it will let to let us fix the Halliburton, but mainly pool, getting these guys to help offset Zion's free throws, but also, like, okay. Let's load up. Let's get assist. Let's get threes. Let's skip points. Let's get free throw percentage. Let's make them a real big strength of this team knowing that it's gonna be harder to get some of these categories later on. And I think both of those players are in situations where they can outstrip that position. As for Simons, I let me put it this way. I have a small worry about Simons. I I think that for the start of the season, he will smash this number, And, you know, I was someone was like, man, we'll watch him top 10 score in the NBA. They're gonna put everything through him. I'm like, okay. That's that's interesting. Right? That's useful. But long term, my understanding, and it might have changed My understanding with the blazes is that the backcourt is sharp and screwed. It is not Simon's. So do they sell off at the deadline? Does he get moved somewhere? I would put that as a 0.5% chance. But if sharp is like, no way, you're too good to be playing 4th offensive fiddle or playing off the bench, and some team wants Simons to be there 28 minute a night, Lou Williams, Jordan Clarkson on a good team, I, this is I wouldn't be shocked if Simons plays for a different team at the end of the season. Wow. Okay. Man, that's a lot to process. I don't know I don't know that for sure, but I know that this I haven't I haven't checked on this super recently, but it was always like scooting sharp. And Simon's is sort of sitting there. We'll give him a little bit of stuff to do this season, but, ideally, he we'd probably move on is is what I was understanding on this team, you know, a a little while ago. So is this a a play where you're actually, like, consciously working on trying to move him from your fantasy team partway through the year? Or No. Look. Again, if if I hear a little bit more than, yes, I'm just putting it out. Look. There are certain situations where I go, Torres Halliburton is not getting moved. Right? That is not happening. Yeah. It's almost there's no almost no chance that Bam Adebayo is getting moved. There's probably no chance that Austin Reeves is getting moved, which is my next pick after that. But if I'm gonna put likelihoods on things, I'm not gonna like, if if it did come out the time, it would move. I am. That makes sense. I I would not be making moves based on that. I'm not sitting in a situation where I know this is going to happen or it is actively happening, but it would not shock me in the slightest. Austin Reeves, by the way, you got at 95 here in this one. He's been an interesting, fantasy season journey because I think he was getting drafted in the seventies when everything opened up in August 2 months ago, and now he's fallen back into the mid to late nineties. What, what's the story there? Like, for someone who had as much hype with the FIBA stuff as Reeves and and is it just, like, putting distance between the last time people saw him, or have has there been a lot of negative press that I haven't seen about him? Why did he fall 20 slots in fantasy drafts? Because I I rather like him here in the mid nineties. Let me tell you my thought process on not on why I picked him, but what I think has happened to Reeves is that I don't know why he would have opened up at that spot, but what I do know that happened is that as soon as the world cup was on, and then the us got eliminated, and this was more apparent on ESPN, but I do a weekly check-in on rankings at ADPs and the when the US got eliminated, the top 3 falls in ADP were Anthony Edwards, Jaren Jackson, and Austin Reeves because they struggled in that 3rd place game. Right? And Jackson, there was so much publicity about his rebound numbers, and Reeves like, 7 points or whatever in that final game. And they fell, like, 6, 5 spots in a week in ADP and went, ah, alright. So we're seeing that. And then there's the Lakers pushback. Why is this fraud on team USA? It's only because he plays with Lakers blah blah blah. The second thing I think is is that I've never really seen this happen a huge amount until this season, and it probably has happened. I've just never seen it, but I'm seeing more and more people go into drafts or talk to me and exclusively just use the numbers from last season. And that doesn't capture Reeves' season. Yes. He played 28 minutes a night for the year, but if you're just looking at his total season numbers from last season, they don't give a, a realistic view of it. He was playing as a bench guy behind Russell Westbrook when he was clearly their 3rd best player. He second half of the season, he started getting to the line a ton. The usage went up. The ball was in his hands. We saw what he did in the playoffs. I think he's pretty clearly that 3rd guy on this team now, but so many people default back to looking at past season numbers and just fully extrapolating them to this year without understanding that 70% of that season probably doesn't mean anything, and his role drastically changed towards the end of the season. Now there's certain things about what he did end of season I'm not sure continues. He shot, like, what, 64% from 2 or something insane number and got to the line a crazy amount as well, and some of that was without LeBron. I understand all that, but there is a default way that some people, more than I expected, look at things like, oh, well, I'm just using last year's numbers, and I think that's what's pushing back. Do you I mean, I've you took him here, so I assume you like him at this spot because I certainly do. Yeah. Look. It's and it's all about getting value, Dan. Like, he can get some assists. Yes. He's not going to be a steals or blocks guy, but you'll notice in some of the picks or one thing to the next pick after this, where I grabbed a guy that might get a lot of steals, but his ability to get some scoring, some assists, to influence my free throw percentage category to make it still strong while I've got Zion. And what round am I in? Bloody round 9 or something. Yeah. Was it round yeah. Round 8. If it doesn't if it doesn't work out and he drops a round, it doesn't matter. If he completely bust, it also matters very little. But if he actually even works out or improves there, I'm very happy with that result. Is he kind of the last significant positive impact free throw guy that doesn't have a massive hole in their game? It's a good question. I think I think almost guys well, it's when you talk holes in their game, like, maybe Jordan Clarkson, but he's got a hole. But I would also say the bloke that I grabbed in round 10 has a real chance to be a massive free throw guy. Good point. Yeah. Matherin, now he had gigantic holes in his game. He didn't really do anything else. He shot really poorly from the field, and he didn't do much else. But he's in year 2 that can improve, but getting, what, 5 attempts from the line or 6 attempts as a rookie and shooting big free throw percentage. If he actually tightens up a few of those things, like, hey. If I'm looking at the board here, he's probably that big volume free throw guy across the last 5 rounds, I would say. I'm trying to find if there's anyone else that's sort of in that mix. It's slim though. It's really it's really him, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. It's it's him and probably Clarkson are the 2 in those last 4 rounds. And, Quickley is a good free throw should be doesn't really get to the line. And Rogier is too, but he also doesn't get to the line amount. So I think I probably snag the best 2 of those in the final 4 round. You really did. It's it's amazing because we always get in these discussions about what what's really hard to find late in drafts, and it feels like it's positive impact field goal or free throw, guys. Is that I don't know. Maybe I'm getting too caught up in it. It it no. It is. Like, I think a lot of the time, and I'm guilty of this as well, Dan, as we look at these things that we have, the ability to see what categories golf the board when and what becomes rare, and it is true. But there are always, like, 1 to 2 of those guys. Like, we can say, hey. You can't get high scoring players late in the draft, but I could get Kelvin Johnson in round 12 who might score 20 points per game. Right? You could. That's one needle in a haystack guy there. So it is available. It's just not readily available. Right. Very easy to miss on that guy. Someone else could take them. Exactly. So it's not that easy. Could you find a guy that averages 7 assists late in the draft? It's really, really hard. But maybe Trey Jones is there at a 110, and maybe he is that guy. But if you don't get him, then you're cooked. Like, there's not that many of those guys around. So while as a general rule, we're just looking at averages of guys there that does become hard to get, but there is the 1 or 2 guys that sort of sit and we say that with points all the time. But in each round, as you go through, there's probably a 20 point score there. There's, you know, clay in around 8 or 7 or whatever it is, and then there's Simons in round 6 or 7. There's always just one guy. But if you don't get him, then you're left with a bunch of blokes scoring 13 points. Yeah. Good point. Well, you were, you didn't say the name of your next pick in the 9th round, which would have been fine. You could have said it. I think you could've I think you, like, hinted at it. Maybe you said it. Yousef Nurkic, early 9. Does it feel like he gets a new lease on life here after the trade? That mean, it he he feels like he could be a fresh start kinda guy, because I know he's had a number of seasons where and I think you even came on this show maybe 2 years ago, and you were, like, look, here's the word out of Portland that he's out of shape. He's not really focused. And sure enough, I think, what, he played by half the season then got hurt and didn't really play anymore after that. Do we have better words, vibes, the report on Nurk a little better here after the trade? I I don't know because I I as you might be able to tell, I get information from Portland, not necessarily not necessarily from Phoenix. So I don't have that one on Nurk, but I also know that that injury wasn't a real injury. So that's that's okay. Nurkic has a really, really good fantasy game. Right? Something happened when Chauncey Billups took over that changed their defensive scheme completely, and he just never blocked shots. Whether that comes back or not, I've got no idea. But on a team that doesn't have a distinct number one passing option, He he can pass. Like, he he is a good passer, and he can score, and he can rebound. And, again, it's is it free money at this spot? Probably. Is he could he get hurt? Yeah. But I don't really think that there is, yeah, I think at least on life is a great way of putting it down. I think that he's you've got again, I don't know how you like to look at it, but when we get to these last ones, I want a couple of guys who are like, if things break right, I don't have to squint super hard to see them pushing 40 spots up. And if Nurkic goes, let's say 14, 10, 3 and a half, 1.4 blocks, shoots 5575, which is a big it's it's a step to get there, but it's not impossible. It's not it's like me saying, well, Anthony Simon is gonna average 7 rebounds. Okay. That's never gonna happen, but Nerf could do those things. It's a long shot, but I'd rather take the long shot on that versus say, I don't know who I'm gonna say who picked this guy so I don't call them out too much. I was Dan Tops. I can call him out. Like, if it's a Zubatz, Zubatz is solid, but Sorry, Dan. He doesn't have he doesn't have he doesn't have the upside of it. Right? Like, he doesn't he's okay. Like, if you're looking for rebounds in that spot, it works, and that's how like, there's so many different ways you can approach every pick. But I wouldn't say that there's a chance that Zubatz goes, like, 30 for 2 minutes, 16 and 10, 2 blocks, and, you know, starts dishing the cyst. That's just I just don't believe that's gonna happen. But, Nurk, I can see a big improvement from here. Yeah. I mean, he's done it. That's, at least for my eyes, that's, like, the easiest way to say, could you see this thing happening? It's like, well, yeah. I mean, if it happened already, becomes a very easy thing. Like, he's not gonna shoot 90% at the line like he did was at bubblenerk. Right? Yeah. There's 6 games, whatever it was there, when he's the the 10th best player. Yeah. So you don't need that. But, like, again, you said you're getting him here in the basically, pick a 100. P as like you said, you don't have to squint that hard to see him kinda blasting past that. Again, I didn't put the 12th round on the board, but I do like to kinda lump some of these late ones together just because you start to get into this. This is where I take a shot type of zone. Your, 10th late 10th, 1 19, I think, would be the pick number on that. Benedict Matherin, who you did mention earlier on, and then it's so small I can't read it. Which Thompson is that? SR. SR Tom that's Detroit? Yeah. It's my bad. I should have made this bigger on my own screen. Sorry, everybody. I know it's very small, especially if I can't see what team they're on. So I guess just talk me through those 2 picks, towards the end of this mock. Matherin's really simple. I said it before. Like, can he score 20 points a game and get to the line 6 times and shoot 85%? Yes. Has he flashed a few little extra things in preseason? Yeah. I'm I'm a little bit interested. But what I do know is that the 28 minutes a night that he played last season is almost certainly going to increase. He's moved into the starting line up ahead of Buddy Heel. There's 5 extra minutes there. He was a pretty empty player last season, but it is it was 1st year. Right? Like, stuff can change, but getting that free throw volume is really important, plus there's more room to grow. Assad Thompson, it appears he's going to start. I was on the fence with you whether he was gonna start or not. It was sort of leaning towards that way at this point. I think, you know, a lot of drafts, you won't see him in round 11. He'll go in 10. But an ability to be a rebound assist deals and blocks players is a weird combination. There's not many blokes who do that. Right? But he could if he played 30 minutes tonight, there's no reason he couldn't be 5 rebounds, 4 assists, 1.5 steals, and a block. That's not a combination that really exists yet. He might shoot 39% 65 from the line. That is true. But I also think that the volume and usage won't be super, super high. And he's just a guy that I I like to bet on because I think he's really good. I I think he's got amazing fear, and I think he just figure shit out when he plays. And I wanted some steals, and I think he brings him in. I don't know who else, like Herb Jones is there. But again, Herb Jones is there, Dan, and who took him Jonas? Like that that's great. Herb will give you those deals. I don't know how much scope Herb has to jump up this board. Assaab might jump down it, but I think he's got more scope to jump up it. And that's sort of what I'm targeting. And I know I don't have our 12th on here, but just looking back at your team as a whole, what were your thoughts even now, maybe current Josh, looking back at at past Josh, what did you like, what didn't you like as you kinda move through this thing? Well, I knew that you were gonna be coming you know, asking me, like, what do you think is a late round pick? And one of the guys I do like to target, and I'd forgotten what I did in this draft, so I looked at it. So the 12th man doesn't hit, but I'm gonna spoil it for everyone. I did take Kobe White in round 12 because this was around the time when I was getting that word that he would be the starter, and I would say that that is as close to locked in as you can get something happening. Right? So is Kobe White going to blow us away? I don't know. But people also I don't think paid a little much attention to Kobe last season. I thought he was really, really strong down the stretch of in particular, I thought he played quite well. I thought that some of his like, the what he was able to do efficiency scoring, even his passing has improved, was intriguing. I was a bit surprised that no one paid him more than they did in, the off season. But what you did see and I don't know how related this is, Dan, so don't, like, hold me to this. But you know that I've spoken to you about the last 2 months of the season when the ball started to improve, and they reduced Vuche's minutes, and they also reduced DeMar DeRozan's usage in that time. And, coincidentally or not, Kobe White's production in that time went up. So did they just change the distribution of the offense a little bit to get white more involved? I don't know. But a starting point guard in those last rounds who, you know, has got scoring free throws, assists, threes upside is what I'll take. And that's the way I built my team. And, like, again, could I have taken Mike Conley there? Maybe. I don't know if he went or not. Sure. But I think there's more upside in white because I've taken one of the jazz guys here, but who out of the 6 do I take? There's just so many options there. Like, white locked in. Is it gonna burn me? I honestly don't care. Like, if if it doesn't work out at pick whatever the bloody hell this is, 100 and someone work it out for me. Whatever. It doesn't matter. But starting point guard, late rounds, let's try it out. You know I hate the term, but I'm gonna use it here because it's the easiest one for folks to, to grab on to. Sleeper zone. This is this is sort of the sleeper zone. Were there any other players that went in these last few rounds that you were hoping would get to your team or somebody maybe that, popped up on another team went, oh, damn. That was a that was a good one. Who are the Josh Lloyd late targets in addition to, perhaps, Matherin Thompson and Kobe White? Well, if you wanna sleep with it, nobody's talking about, yeah, on a rope for Tim might be someone to to think about. You can't just say noises, Josh. That's not I I this that he is the most random player in the league, this bloke, and I I is he gonna play a single second? I don't know. Anyway, is there one is there a two way guy for the Bulls? But in terms of the guys that I do look at in those later rounds, White is always someone I'm gonna look at. Paul Reed is someone that I'm gonna take a look at. Assad Thompson is one of those guys that I'll take a look at. And the other one that I'll bring up is is Derek Lively for this very particular reason. Dan, we talk about the scarcity in the way categories disappear. Once you head into round 12 finding really anybody who has got block upside Who has a role that you think might occur? It's there's nobody like out of the flyers. They're all like these wingy, guardy sort of a player who's like, oh, maybe we'll see this guy score a little bit or get a bit of a boost or it's I might take my Quentin Grimes here and see what he does. The centers who have that upside, they don't exist. I don't unless I'm missing someone. I don't know who the hell that you can get that might average 1.9 blocks in 20 minutes that Lively can. And if he actually succeeds in that role and plays 26 minutes, well, he beats this number pretty consistently towards the end, but there's just nobody else who fills that role at the end of a draft. I I don't and look at it. Maybe I'm missing someone. I don't know who else it is, but he is that guy. I don't think you're missing. I mean, just looking back at this draft alone, and people can can squint and see it on their screen. The last shot blocker, was Keith took Mitchell Robinson in the 11th pick of 9th round. I think who usually goes here around that area is, like, Steve Adams, but he's not a big shot blocker. Right. But after he goes off the board, there's there's nobody. The the centers are all weird. There's, like, this 3rd, 4th round group of centers. There's this 7th, 8th round group of centers, your Gaffords and Williams and, Durins and Zach Collins and those guys. And then you hit round 11, and it's they they're gone. There's nobody. There's no centers who are projected for roles at all. Like, maybe it's a Rob Williams, but who knows how much he's gonna play. And then where are the young upside y sort of centers? They're they're not there. And again scarcity and difference versus the other players that are there that that is what I think draws me to getting lively in one of those later rounds because it might not hit, but if it does, there's no other white person I think around that someone might appear due to injuries. Like, maybe Horford and Posingas go down and name is Keita is starting and playing 27 minutes in Boston, and he would be good. But Lively's got he's got the spot now. Like, we see what it does, but he's got the opportunity. So you take it. Yeah. I think the only other note there is, there's literally one center eligible player. Not 2. 2 who went in the last two rounds. They're both listed as, like, forward slash center. It's Paul Reed who you mentioned and, Bobby Portis, who was the very last pick of this Fantasy draft, mister mister irrelevant of this draft. You never blocks a shot you never blocks a shot anyway. No. Who doesn't block a shot? So yeah. I mean, you but that's another funny thing. And then I I know I'd I said I'd have you in and out of here, and I'm I'm running you a little along with with follow-up questions. It's such a weird draft because, like you said, there we talk about this abundance of centers, but they dry up like a that. There's a snap, and then they're just all gone. And then you're also seeing, I think, on the front end of drafts, teams are sort of guard hunting. So they get pushed all together in, like, the middle five rounds of a draft. And if you don't make your move there, you can get caught kinda with your fantasy pants down a little bit. This is, by the way, me hearkening back to me describing this, YouTube pages of blossoming flower. So I I really tied it all together. What do you do with a board that's built the way this one is? I can't remember this happening in, like, the last decade where all the centers were just smooshed into the middle rounds like this. Yeah. It is very distinct. And you can either grab those guys or you can and this is why when, you know, I and I know you push back on it to the term of sleepers or bus or must drafts or any of that sort of stuff. Because, you know, when you get into forties and fifties and sixties, the difference between a bloke at 45 and 70 is so marginal. And if you just wanna do something different strategically and be like, well, I know that there's gonna be 4 centers. And often you see in round 4, there's, like, 4 or 5 centers go in a row. You go out. They're all they're all gone So what do I do here? And you know that in round 7 gafford and Williams and Duran and someone else is gonna go to you. Okay. They're all gonna go What if I don't get them? So why maybe I just take gafford at pick 60 I get ahead of the curve. And then sometimes if you do that, you then trigger others to go, oh, man. Now I grab my sentence, and then someone else falls down back later to you. So we love sitting ourselves I think I've said this to you on another show with these rank numbers and the ordinality of them. It's like, well, this guy's 57, so therefore he is one spot better than 58. He's one spot better than 59. He's one spot better than 60. That's just not real. Like, it's just not what it is. And when we look at values in an auction draft as well, like the top last 30, 40 blokes go for a dollar, but in a head to head lead, they rank from a 110 to a 150. Yeah. They're the same. Like, they're the exact same player, and the difference between the guy at 10 and 20 is not the same as the guy between 10 and 30. But we obsess about these rank numbers. Sometimes strategically, if you just move things around and mix it up and go, well, they're gonna all go here. I know they're all gonna go here. Let's do it 10 spots early, 20 spots early, and let's see what happens. And let's see what that leads to. And then while the others then go, shit, I need to grab bigs, then maybe you get that guard who slid down because there's a bunch of 5 of them that, you know, maybe now 2 of them were pushed down to another spot. That's, you know, just that's some deeper thinking or is it thinking? I don't know. I'm sitting here talking about fake basketball stats. But it's also a different way of looking at strategy. Just break the break the mind idea that 50 is better than 60 by 10 spots because they're not. Yeah. Especially for particular teams. Maybe that's the most important thing to take away from that is, like and this is actually something that I struggle with, and I was just talking about this on a on the show earlier today where when I'm caught on the turn, this is the thing that my brain resets to. It's, like, well, I didn't wanna take this guy until 45. I'm not gonna have a pick for 23 damn slots after this. I got no choice. Oh, crap. Am I pricing him out? And I get so caught up in that god awful negative feedback loop thinking that I forget, like, this is a guy that my team needs right now. So okay. Fine. Like, maybe he was gonna be in 9 slots of value, and now he's not anymore. But if I don't get that guy, my team is in a bad way. So team fit sometimes kinda trumps the whole, like, can I get around the value out of a guy? Now it's different because you were talking about some of these guys towards the end. If you're getting 3, 4 rounds of push, you know, the number 60 guy is better than the number 110 guy. There's a there's a difference there. The the 15 guy is better than the number 45 guy. But, you know, if you're talking about someone that you have at 40, and you really wanna draft them at 50 to get that little squeeze of value, but your pick is at 41, that's okay. That's an okay decision to make. Fine. You got, like, what I I used to lose a lot of baseball analogies on this show. That's just like a clean single to the opposite field. You got a nice pick. You move along. Don't stress about it. It's not a home run, but it's okay. And, Josh, I took way more of your time than I intended to, but I think you do have a final thought there. I didn't mean to cut you off. I don't know what I was gonna say. It was was something probably your name. I'm sure. No. It was it was gonna be deep. It was more just along the lines of, yeah, like, we have to break our idea that while the draft is the most fun part of the season, like, it is super hard. Unless you just butcher 6 picks in a row, you can recover from it. Like, things change really quickly. Rankings for as important as they might or might not be, they change really fast as well. Like, things can adjust in the the, you know, one extra steal a week changes the guy's valuation immensely over the course of the year. So don't just bury yourself into what an ADP is, what a rank is, or someone telling you that it was a a shit pick or a fantastic pick because you're gonna look back at it in 2 months, and it's gonna be wildly different based on someone shooting 47% instead of set of 49%. And that is, like, such a small change in these. We we are dealing with minute numbers most of the time here, and small changes impact stuff a lot. You just gotta be flexible and have the ability to actually know what you're seeing and how to how to how to fix it. That was a wonderful ball on the team moment for me to meet it for it to segue into this is why you need to follow Josh during the regular season as well at redrock_bball. Listen to all 4,000 of his damn podcast. Maybe just start with the ones that are the most recent. You can follow me all season long as well. I am at Dan Vesperis. Josh, thank you, my good man. I again, I told you I was gonna take, like, 30 minutes of your time, and I took 50. So much appreciated. And I've been promising everyone, and I'm gonna hold myself to it, and I expect you to do so as well that I'm actually gonna be good about scheduling things this year. So with that preface, can I talk to you soon? Absolutely, man. Not a problem. My man. He is the great Josh Lloyd. I'm gonna send him back to his day because he has the whole day in front of him right now. Josh, thank you again. Thanks, Dan. Josh Lloyd at redrock_bball, the locked on fantasy basketball podcast. You know him, you love him, and he is still in his early morning. My day is shaped already. I got nowhere to go but down from here. Always a good chat as well. Thank you, of course, to our buddies atmanscape.com. Use promo code ETHOS 20 to get 20% off your order and free shipping on the brand spanking new Lawnmower 5.0 Ultra. It is out of this world. Please go visit manscaped.com on our next show. I'll have some graphics I can throw up on the screen. They're actually gonna send me one that I can show you guys live on a show. It does look pretty dang futuristic. I gotta say the pictures that I've seen are, something. It has a very different look to it than previous lawnmowers. So definitely check that out. The handyman we've been talking about all month long, that is the actual, face electric razors. You can get the tight trim. Lawnmower is the actual, the trimmer as well. That, again, that password code coupon, Ethos 20. Ethos 20. 20 percent off. Free shipping on your order over atmanscaped.com. There were some good questions in the chat room, actually. I might try to copy and paste some of those over to Twitter. But if you guys actually wanna just, reply to the post when I throw this up there on social, then, that'll that'll hit both of us that way as well. So, again, big thank you to Josh for spending more time than I told him he was gonna have to spend on the show because I'm a butthead, and I asked long meandering follow-up questions. But he knows what he's dealing with when he comes in with Dan. I talk a lot. Please, guys, take a moment to hit that thumbs up button on YouTube. It really does mean a whole lot. If you're listening on the pod side, drop that 5 star review. And no matter how you're consuming our content, please take just a second to subscribe. YouTube makes it really easy. I don't know how easy that is on all the different pod channels. But please hitting those buttons, it really does mean the world to us here, me in particular, because these are the things that I invest, frankly, way too much time into. And, so thank you in advance for that. Again, you can find Josh on Twitter at redrock_bball. I am atdancesbris. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. Your 2 shows for Wednesday are complete. To those listening or watching after the fact, hopefully, this remains fairly useful for you. Coming up here on Fantasy NBA Today. Tomorrow, I believe we're gonna be talking to Dan Titus in the afternoon. He actually had the number one pick in this mock draft, Titus over, with Yahoo Fantasy Sports. And I know I'm forgetting something. And so with apologies if I'm forgetting an actual person that I'm talking to tomorrow. If there is not a person in the morning tomorrow, we might get into the most fun team show. That's one that I've actually been looking forward to, and I've been kinda pushing it back and back and back. But that's not something that I do very often. It's kind of the anti Dan Vesper's team, but we'll do a most fun team. We've got the Dan Vesper's old man squad coming up. That'll either be a weekend episode or right before the season starts next week. Most of you guys already know the players that I'm targeting based on all the shows we've done, but it'll be fun to sort of put them all into one gigantic pocket. And we still haven't talked about the first two round combinations. It's not pairings. It's combinations and what that sets you up with. There are so many of them because it's 12 or 24 pick 2, basically. So combinations and permutations are not gonna work. There's, millions of ways you could actually draft those 2 rounds, but, obviously, certain players are more available to you in certain areas of those 2 rounds. And we'll focus on those and and kinda how you build your teams from that. We will also have a show coming up. I believe it's over the weekend with Matt Smith, also over at Basketball Monster. Forgot to mention that, is where Josh is the lead analyst. And I think we'll talk to Brew again before the season starts. I'm forgetting something, and I'm gonna feel bad about it as soon as I hit off air, but that's where we're at now. Thanks again, everybody. See you soon.