Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. It's the very last Monday of the season. Ladies and gentlemen, we've made it to the very last reverse chronological lightning round Monday of the 2023, 2024 NBA campaign. Deep breath, everyone. We're almost there. There are no games tonight, so you don't have to worry about that at least. There are all the games on Tuesday and, what is that? Friday Sunday or something like that. I forget exactly how it shakes out. But, don't worry. We'll have a weekly preview show coming up later on today. That'll be, kind of a quick one because gonna be about how to break down your week, and the week is basically Wednesday Thursday because nobody plays on today. Nobody plays Saturday, and everybody plays Sunday Friday, and almost everybody plays tomorrow. So that'll be an interesting show. Not. Yep. I am very contemporary with my references. This is Fantasy NBA Today, everybody. I'm Dan Vaspress. Thanks for listening today, every day, all season long, quick reminder that we do have shows Monday through Friday, all off season long as well. We're gonna be going through lessons learned from a season gone by. We're gonna be breaking down the Dan Vasprus' old man squad from this year, where we had hits, where we had misses. Why, perhaps, if we could isolate that? We're We're gonna do the same thing with Yahoo's board. Find out how close they got in general and what that means for how we draft going into next year as we kinda look at that and then also trend lines for Yahoo's rankings over the seasons as they continue to get their information from different sources, different people doing the work that gets fed into Yahoo's engine. It's not consistent year over year. Sometime I mean, sometimes it is year over year, but typically not over more of a longer haul because people just move. Analysts change places. It's not a it's not a algorithm. Somebody's punching these numbers in. We'll go through team by team, how they performed this last year. We'll do, NBA draft prep. We'll do free agency prep. We'll talk some betting during the playoffs. We got a lot of stuff coming up here over the next couple of months on Fantasy NBA Today, and I hope you'll stick with us for that. And to that end, please do like and subscribe. And if you have a moment, please drop a 5 star rating on the show. I know I should have done all these asks earlier in the year when there were more of you watching or listening to the show because everybody that's watching and listening now is probably a long time listener. But you know what? I'm gonna throw it out there anyway. Please take a second to drop that 5 star review. It really does mean a lot. Let's talk about the weekend. And, frankly, it's basically a Sunday review because, everybody but 4 teams played yesterday. But fear not, those 4 teams played on Saturday, so we don't even have to go back to Friday on this one. Yes. Indeed. My weekly adventure in who didn't play over the weekend is a nonadventure on this show. Cavaliers led the Clippers by 20 something points in the middle of the Q3. They blew it. They blew it. You blew it. Darius Garland at least had finally a decent ballgame. It's been a huge disappointment this year. Max Drews has played well since coming back from his injury. Just he looks revitalized. Caris LeVert filling in for Donovan Mitchell in this ballgame had a better one. No surprise there, and that's kind of the story on the cavalier side. We're not gonna spend too much time on this stuff that doesn't require too much time because, number 1, this final week is total silly season time, so a lot of it's just not gonna matter. And secondly, I wanna make sure we're efficient here. You guys don't need a 55 minute show when the key stuff to watch is largely gonna be just who plays on night to night basis. For the Clippers, that, player is not Kawhi Leonard right now. He's finally dinged up. It took him all season long to get there, but overall, a really nice year for Kawhi. He's at 68 ball games. I think they're hoping to have him back for, you know, 1 or 2 before the regular season ends. But either way, it's a win for him because most folks assume he would barely crack 60 if that, and, he's got a shot to get pretty darn close to 70 if he can squeeze out another game or 2. Is there anybody that fills in for him? Not really. No. I mean, you know, Norman Powell gets a few extra shots, but that ain't enough for him. So it's just a lot of Paul George, a decent amount of James Harden. Some have each Zubatz these days, and that's basically as far as you go with the Clippers. Nobody else is even remotely close to value. And for Zubatz, it's really more of a big man stream. We've talked about this before. He goes in these stretches where he plays better for a week or 2, and that's a nice spot to roll them out in most formats, but then it kinda levels off to more of a, what what we've been for referring to as a doesn't matter range or a category stream. They're kinda the same general range of player, which is like a 100 to a 150, something in that neck of the woods. Ahmaud Thompson got thrown out early for throwing Maxi Kleba to the ground in this Houston Dallas overtime adventure, which opened up a whole bunch of shots for Dillon Brooks. And he actually made a lot of them in this ballgame, so, you know, kudos to you, Dillon, for not tanking somebody's percentages. But, again, he's one player away still as we're seeing. There was, I think, fleeting hope that maybe we'd see a be a better Cam Whitmore game with Ahman Thompson gone. Nope. But when Ahman's back for the next one, presumably, then you just go with Thompson, Jabari Smith junior, Freddie VanVleet, and Jalen Green. That is as far as you need to go. Dallas side, Kyrie, Luca, not surprisingly, went gigantic. Daniel Gafford had 5 fouls in 16 minutes, so they had to roll with a heavy dose of Maxi Kleba in this one. And you're not gonna read too much into that because foul trouble does foul trouble y things. And Gafford will likely do more in the next one. He was also very bad in the minutes he was on the court, so they went a different direction. Easy. You know, just switch it up. Try something new. Gafford's still the guy to have in the front court there, and there's really nobody else. PJ Washington, 14 and 13 in an overtime game. He's been fine, unspectacular. Ferris, what's PJ done over, like, the last, oh, call, I don't know, month with Dallas? I feel like he's probably kind of also in that doesn't matter range, maybe slightly above it because he went through a heater in there. Yeah. He's number 90. So PJ's just barely above the doesn't matter range because he's bad at both percentages, but he's been able to float things with 2 threes, 1.3 steals, and 1.1 blocks over that month. And that's always kind of been the hope with him. It's like, oh, can we get enough out of those categories? And then he runs hot and cold. And that's why for a really long time, if you guys listened all season long, PJ was on our stream while hot board, which still is. It's not a past tense thing. He's a guy you stream when he's hot. Over the last 2 weeks, he's shooting 48% from the field on more shot attempts. And so over that stretch, he's like a top 50 guy. But then he suddenly shoots 35% over a medium volume, and the wheels come off real quick. So, right now, he's a yes. He's he's been decent enough lately to get PJ into your lineups, but it's gonna be wildly up and down with him. And it's so annoying because if you get caught on the wrong week, he can tank you. And as far as goes, basically, if you're attacking percentages in any way, he's a no. Points league's yes. And then I hope I I think that pretty much made sense, so we can keep going. So PJ Washington is like a soft yes right now because he's been good the last 2 weeks. And, just hope that the wheels don't come off before the season ends. Miami lost Terry Rozier partway through to a sore neck. Hopefully, that turns out to be okay. In this particular game, Caleb Martin picked up the pieces, and Duncan Robinson was awful again. I don't know what the hell is going on with him. Typically, he's been a very safe stream, although Tyler Herro was back for this ball game, so I guess you could put a lot of it on that. But Duncan did get the start, and we've been talking about how, you know, when he starts, he's been useful. With Herro back, I think you can now pull the plug on Robinson. But he wasn't very good coming back from injury even before Hero returned. So go Robinson or sorry. Go Hero, Butler, bam, and then when he's back, tear Rozier. But I don't think that we if Rozier misses a ballgame, I don't know that I would do anything with it. There just sort of aren't enough things to do left. So just go with the big names in Miami. Indy, Miles Turner, TJ McConnell continues to be really, really good in this just flamethrower bench role he's got right now. Siakam and Halliburton were not very good in this ballgame, but the team did enough around them to get the win. But those 2 guys are obviously starting. Aaron Nesmith was better in this ballgame, but he's at the back end of the doesn't matter group. Frankly, I don't even know what categories you'd be hunting if you streamed him. He's not scoring very much. He's not really doing much of anything. He's doing just a very small amount of a bunch of things, and there are other guys doing that better right now. Thunder without Jalen Williams, without Shea again. In this one, it was the Aaron Wiggins show mostly because he had 6 steals, but Josh, Giddey, and Lou Dort have been the safer fill ins for SGA and Jalen Williams. Dort was not as good in this one, but Giddey had a triple double, and I think you could probably play both of them. Dort is not a particularly exciting Fantasy player. You're mostly just hunting points and threes on that one. So less exciting as a fill in play. Giddey's the guy that can get you a little bit more across the board, and then hopefully, Shea shows up again at some point because, you know, he's good. I would like to know get another game or 2 out of him in my roto leagues before the season's over. Please oh, please. I'm not picking up Wiggins. I'm not picking up Kayson Wallace. Yeah. Giddey and then maybe Dort are kind of your 2 fill ins there. For Charlotte, a little bit of an interesting development here. Nick Richards was back, but he came off the bench behind Grant Williams. And Grant Williams as the starting center is all systems go. He's a play in every format because he's scoring more. His rebounds were not very good because Miles Bridges and Alexei Pokrzyzewski took a bunch of them. But, typically, his rebounds are better when he's playing the center position. The assists are pretty good. He's kind of a point center on this club. Basilia Mitcic is your regular point guard, but they're kinda running stuff through Grant Williams at times. And then he'll he'll fall nose first into a stealer block every once in a blue moon. But for Grant Williams, if he's the center and right now, it kinda seems like he is because look. If Nick Richards is back and he's still not and he's still not playing starting center job, and you gotta go Grant. He's a top 75 guy as the starting center, and that's worth playing. Trey Mann finally had a better ball game. He went 7 for 7 shooting, but he did have 5 turnovers. You know, he's he's been outside even the doesn't matter category hunting group. But if you're category hunting, you're typically looking for a few rebounds, a few assists, and basically a steal, and then anything else would be kind of gravy. Although, I I would continue to argue that by and large, there are better players out there that do the same kind of stuff. And then Mitcic who has all kinds of 9 category holes, but he's very good at getting assists. That's where you're attacking there. He's a category hunt as well. Pelicans got a big win over the Suns. This is a this is a huge game for Western Conference playoff standings. Right now, the Pels are tied with the Suns after this victory. Suns had a chance to really push themselves up comfortably into the 6th spot with a 2 game lead. And instead well, 2 game over a pell with the Pels. It would have been a no. I think it would have been a 2 game lead over the Kings 2 or at least 1 and a half. And instead, New Orleans got them. Woke up at the right time. Big game out of Zion. Big game out of CJ. And they needed their guys to step up at a big, big game out of Larry Nance junior and Porjonis Valancunas. 4 minutes in this game. 4. Not for sure we could give him a look with, all the injuries that have gone down there. But now Brandon Ingram is not that far away, and like, Balanchunas is just cooked, man. Cooked. Finally, the handicap we had at the beginning of the year has truly come to roost. Trey Murphy, Herb Jones, you can keep those guys rolling. Dyson Daniels is a steals stream if you badly want them. But, and then Larry Nance, no. You're not gonna I love Larry Nance. I love his fantasy game, but you can't rely on this happening night to night. So Zion, CJ, Trey, Herb are your everyday starts, and, Dyson is your steals attack monster. Phoenix has their starters right now, so you just play those guys. That's an easy one. We can keep on going. Chicago, they're down. Alex Caruso for this one, so that meant Andre Drummond got a few extra minutes. That's always good for him. Jovante Green got the spot start and, put up some really big numbers in 22 minutes, but the 22 minutes is the thing I'm looking at and going, yeah. I don't think we're gonna walk this path again. Unless they're less like unless they just turn it over to him and say, go ahead. You got 35 minutes. Caruso's out for a bit. I'm not making that play. Drummond is the one that you'd be looking at here because he was getting 9, 10 rebounds a game even before someone went down. And so throw an extra minute or 2 his direction, and you're basically guaranteed 10 plus boards. And I feel like even if he doesn't do much of anything else but look. 20 some odd minutes for Drummond, he'll get you a defensive stat, probably more. Hopefully, the field goal percent will be decent. You pray he doesn't go to the free throw line, just sort of catch it on the right moment. But I think we could all use that combination of rebound, steals, blocks, field goal percent in some I mean, I guess, you know, you might have a roto team where those stats are all fine and okay, whatever, but, like, most of us could use at least one of those things. And so Drummond is likely a streamable play while Alex Caruso is out. And he's pretty close to streamable as a category hunt guy even when the bulls are healthy. So one guy going down does indeed make the difference. Franz Wagner turned an ankle in this ballgame. I'm sure they'll just like to get him back before the playoffs start. They're pretty securely up in the, not in the play end, I should say. Although the east is so bunched 3 through 8 right now, all separated by 4 games. Bucks a game up on the Magic who are tied with the Knicks, 1 half game ahead of the cavaliers. They're a game up on the Pacers, who are a game up on the sixers, who are a half game up on the heat. So if guys can go on these teams, I think you're gonna see them go, but they also need to be sort of careful because you don't wanna screw around and muck it up. So Jalen Suggs is a go. Wendell Carter Junior is more of a points league play, points rebounds streamer, if you're category hunting. Franz, you just hope he's he's up to the task, and then Paolo is your points league option. Jonathan Isaac also only played 5 minutes dealing with a sore back. He'll never be healthy enough to be a true fantasy asset, but we'll always keep one eye on him because 20 minutes is all it takes. A sip of water and away we go on this delightful Washington Toronto romp. Raptors have enthusiastically won 2 games in a row. Washington is still trotting Jordan Poole out there. I just I mean, he's putting up colossal numbers now as is Denny Avdia. These are the sort of the last man standing situation. Corey Kispert is a play, while Kyle Kuzma remains out. And I just and Patrick Baldwin had a nice ballgame here, but it's been kind of an alternating between Baldwin or Jared Butler or or Tristan Vuksevich. There's like and, he had 3 blocks. I'm still hoping that Rashaun Holmes shows up for a game or 2 down the stretch. I don't know if it's gonna happen. What I'd like to see happen here with Washington, in addition to Rashaun Holmes coming back and playing a game, is Jordan Poole sitting a few out, because then I think we could roll Jared Butler into the mix. But for now, you go Poole, you go Avniya, you go Kispert, and I don't know that I have the stones to play any of these other dudes in. If Holmes stays out, you could probably play Dubcevic and, like, maybe pray for some rebounds and a block, but you really don't know what you're getting there. Frankly, it's a little bit too risky for me. Grady Dick got hurt partway through for the Raptors. Because at this point, if there isn't 1 to 2 injuries in every ballgame, what are we even doing out there? Groin issue, we'll see if he's playing. Doesn't really matter for Fantasy. RJ Barrett, points league only, and then you play quickly, Olenek and Trent in 9 category because those guys are, super fun when they get a lot of usage, which, which they very much did here. I had a few of you that were like, do I really need to hang on to Kelly Olynyk? Yes. You jerk faces. Top 70 over the last month despite 3 and a half turnovers a game, top 40 over the last 2 weeks, and, 34th is the rank over the last 1 week. Kelli Olenek with usage is a fantasy behemoth. Last week is at 168 and 4 with over a steal, a block, 61% from the field, a 3 pointer, and 83% at the foul line. Absolute monster. Portland, not surprisingly, got beat up by the Celtics. Deandre Ayton and Orlando Benton are the 2 players I feel comfortable telling you to start. Jabari Walker is a rebounds stream, kind of in the Andre Drummond vein, but without field goal percent. Scoot Anderson is an assists play, knowing that he's likely going to light a stick of dynamite in your team's field goal percent and turnovers. I say no. I say nay. Nay, I say. Celtics played most of their regulars in this ballgame. I think Jayson Tatum, if I'm recalling right. Yeah. Tatum was the only regular that got the day off, so that means you get a little more Al Horford. But against a really bad team, you knew they were gonna try to roll reserves as much as possible. So if your Celtic player had an okay game before they pulled the plug on it about halfway through, congratulations. You survived the Celtics playing a tanko team. And now we sort of have the look ahead moment of, okay. Well, what's coming up for Boston? Yeah. They do finally now have a back to back again, which I know you're like, wait a minute. They weren't the resting guys anyway? Yeah. It's only gonna get worse. They got Milwaukee tomorrow, not a back to back, but then they play Thursday, Friday on a back to back. 1 of those 2 is a non overload day. So you just pray your Celtics play on Thursday instead of Friday, but who knows? Who knows? There'll be a Pritchard moment in there. He had a nice ball game in this one in the blowout. There'll probably be a same Houser moment in there. There might even be a Luke Cornette moment in there, but can't really do anything about it today. Well, you could, but it'd be a little silly. Knicks beat the Bucks. The Bucks are in free fall. They've lost 4 games in a row, and the Knicks were the best team they've lost to. And the poor New York Knicks are down all sorts of bodies right now, but the Bucks have lost to the Wizards, the Grizzlies, the Raptors, and the Knicks. What are you doing? You know, I'm going to the playoffs hot. The Bucks are the distinct opposite. They're losing to everybody, the worst of the worst, and then, the Knicks also. In a surprise twist, OG Anunoby is back for the Knicks. So you can go ahead and drop Miles McBride. Deuce, send him to the waiver wire. Josh Hart, Isaiah Hartenstein, Ana Novi, Jalen Brunson, Dante DiVincenzo. Those are your starts right now as we wait to see if Mitchell Robinson can get his legs underneath him over this last week. The assumption I would make is that, no, he probably doesn't have enough time to do it. For the Bucks, Khris Middleton couldn't make it through this ball game. It's listed on Basketball Monster as mouth trauma. Oh, no. Mouth trauma. He got mouth triggered. They're always gonna go easy on Middleton because he's built out of paper straws at this point. While he's out, I would venture to say that Malik Beasley is probably gonna do a tiny bit more, but Beasley's also been really bad lately. When he goes cold, he goes subarctic. So your play is probably to just go Dame Portis will probably have an extra couple of shots. Giannis and Brook Lopez. I I don't think I'd do Beasley unless you just exclusively need 3 pointers because that's the only thing you can almost certainly count on. Philly took down San Antonio without Joel Embiid. He got this one off just, resting the knee. They obviously need him more for the playoffs than they do for whatever these ball games are. And Tyrese Maxey went maximum. Tyrese Maxime. 52 points. Nice game, Tyrese. Batu had a decent ball game, but I don't care. This was a double overtime game, by the way. B ball Paul had 11 and 10 before fouling out. It was nice of them to just go with sort of a traditional Paul Reed at center lineup, so that was useful. But those minutes wouldn't have been this high without a bunch of extra playing time. Anyway, you don't have to worry about it. Embiid will be back. So you go Maxey, you go on Embiid, you go Oubre, you go Tobias Harris when he comes back. And then when Harris is back, you take a long look to make sure that Oubre could actually hang on. Kelvin Johnson came back and then immediately got hurt again, turned his ankle, which is like, well, whatever. Wembley, obviously a go. Trey Jones is a go. And then the other name that I threw out there last week was Julian Champagne, who's really doing some nice across the board stuff right now. And, yes, he got extra points and extra and things of that. Thank you, double overtime. But he's been pretty good at you know, we talked about earlier in the show, Aaron Nesmith doing a very little bit of many things. Champagne is doing a little bit more than that in many things. They call him many Champagne. It's not like he'd been good for the year, but here's the thing. We don't need somebody to be good for the year. We need somebody to be good for a minute. And Chip Penny is top 40 over the last week. 14 points, 6 boards, 3 assists, 1.3 steals, 1.7 blocks, 2 3 pointers on 4878 splits with less than 1 turnover a ball game. And, you know, it's kind of repeatable because he's likely gonna get starters minutes because everybody is out. And I know what you're gonna ask next. Dan, what do I do with Malachi Branham? And I will say, if you need points and threes, you could play him, but he's not gonna be inside the top 109 cat. And points leagues, you could probably drop him in there and hope for the best, but he's not my cup of tea unless, again, you are really stat hunting hard on 1 or maybe just 2 categories, where also there's probably gonna be some damage getting done. Also worth mentioning, Davonte Graham played 35 minutes. He was kind of a silly season hero last year, so keep one eye on him, but I ain't doing anything after this. Frankly, the game wasn't good enough for me to jump at him anyway. Sacramento took care of Brooklyn fast. Trey Lyles has been playing well. He's rendered Harrison Barnes completely useless, which I like, I don't know why it took this long. The Kings resigning Harrison Barnes was still one of the stranger moves when you could take that money and go try to get, I don't know, somebody that's not Harrison Barnes. In any event, this game was over early. If your Kings survived it, congratulations, because a number of them didn't need to play many minutes. Kean Ellis only had 19 minutes in the ballgame. Fox still managed to get up to 34 somehow, and Keegan Murray played 38 minutes. Kind of weird, but, no. You're not playing Trey Lyles. You're going Sabonis. You're going Murray. You're going Fox. And I still think that Ellis is probably playable, but it does lean a bit towards, steals, like defensive stats stream with some threes. The way that he gets above the mark is getting 30 minutes. So, again, a little weird that he didn't hear, but then they went to lineups that they felt were working. He was in one that wasn't, and, so they pivoted another way. I mean, Lyles is a plus 37. Davion Mitchell was a plus 36. That's what happened here. Davion took Key and Ellis' minutes, these 2 defense first guys and whichever one's playing better. And, look, like, I think the other thing with Ellis, and I remain pretty high on him, I think he's a bit out of gas. You know, he hadn't played significant NBA minutes, and then all of a sudden it was like, alright. You gotta go full power on defense for 30 some odd minutes every night. Typically, young guys can't do it. Old guys can't do it. It's why they play at 85% for long stretches, if that. So I'm still holding Ellis, on in spots where I need threes and steals and blocks and a smattering of rebounds and assists, but I, you know, I would get it if you were like, yeah. I'm not really attacking a few of those categories, so I'll go another way. That's okay. Not gonna this is not the time of year for me to be chastising anyone for losing their patience, because who cares? We got a week left. Brooklyn, I please just shut everybody down at this point. It's time that we started to see it here. Nick Claxton took this one off. Cam Johnson got this one off. Dennis Smith Junior has been dealing with some pelvic stuff, or hip or whatever it is. So we, yeah, we finally got some new faces in the mix. Noah Clowney got 35 minutes. He's someone to watch list. Deron Sharp is someone to watch list. Trending Watford is someone to watch list. I was a little surprised that Dennis Schroder didn't have enough fantasy value here with everybody out, but he shot 1 for 12. And, again, just a just a bright neon shimmering exploding sign reminding you all that Dennis Schroder's fantasy game stinks. Cam Thomas and McHale Bridges are the only 2 players in this lineup that I feel comfortable saying, yeah, you should go probably play them. But, again, the game was over early, so the minutes were kinda cockamamie on top of everything else. But let let's just watch Brooklyn, you know, again so they're one of the rare teams that does not play tomorrow, so you'd have to wait until Wednesday to get another data point on them. But it's worth noting because if everybody gets shut down, you might wanna pivot into some young dude playing for the first time ever on Friday Sunday. Sometimes those guys do better than the superstars in the last couple of games if a team is just like, yep. We got no reason to play our guys right now. Hey. Keontae George didn't shoot 22% for a game. He didn't really do anything besides hit a bunch of shots, but, you know, at least he didn't destroy your team. Utah, Johnny Zhuang had 27 with 7 3 pointers, and George had 25, and then the rest of the team was like, I don't know where the hell they were. Collin Sexton was fine. You can keep playing him. Omer Yertsevian is a rebounds field goal percent play, but, again, he's sort of, like, the lower fun version of that. We've already talked about a few other guys that are better than him at that. Taylor Hendrix doesn't quite have the fantasy game to warrant a spot. Bryce Sensibaugh was someone we were watch listing, and he can stay on the watch list because Utah's really trying to lose hard. And they're doing a pretty damn good job of it. They've lost 12 games in a row. That's the worst out of everybody. Congratulations, Utah. You went from 29 and 37 to 29 and 49. Yucky. Ew. Could they fall behind the grizzlies? Anything's possible. Just have to keep losing. Jonathan Kuminga back for the warriors, 10 21 and 10 off the bench. Trace Jackson Davis, 16, 7, and 4 blocks. He's still rolling along. Brandon Podjempski filled in for Steph in this ballgame, or Wiggins, depending on which one. Yep. I guess Chris Paul technically filled in for Steph. Whatever. So the warriors knew they had a a freebie against the Jazz, and they got a couple guys the day off. No Wiggins, no Steph. They'll at least one of those dudes will likely be back for the next ball game. Draymond got hurt, and they were like, you know, we don't really need you. So don't read too much into this ball game. Clay's a hold. Chris Paul's a spot play when a guard starter is out. Kuminga's a play. Trace Jackson Davis is a play. Podgemski is not not even honestly a spot play for me because I I don't trust him to do this again. And then, Draymond Green who'd actually been playing really well up until this point, he's a guy you're playing. So that's the quick and dirty on the warriors. Minnesota, no big surprises here. Nasrid, Rudy Gobert, Anthony Edwards, all in pretty good games. You're holding Mike Conley. Slow mo is a board's assist steal specialist, and he really only got you one of those things in this ballgame. So, again, doesn't matter range kinda guy, category hunter. And that's your story on the wolves. Lakers lost Anthony Davis at the end of the Q1. He got popped in the eye by slow mo, actually. Lakers, were up 4 when Anthony Davis left the ball game, and they lost the rest of the game by 14. Not a huge surprise there because LeBron was also out. I I think Anthony Davis will probably play in their next ballgame. You know, he's gotten hit in that same eye a couple of times. Maybe he ends up wearing goggles or visor or I don't know. Something. Because they got a big game against the warriors tomorrow where if they lose it, they basically have no shot of getting out of the bottom half of the play in. Right now, the lakers still have a shot to get to the 8. They're a half game back at the Kings. Kings have one extra game left. The Lakers only have 3 games the rest of the way. Kings still have 4. Pell still have 4. I think base basically, everybody else in the Western Conference has 4 except for the Lakers. I think they're the only team that has 3. If the Pels the Pels and Lakers, by the way, play on the last day of the regular season. If the Pels win all 3 games before that, then they will have secured a an upper half of the play in tournament situation at least. And if the Kings win, I believe, 2 of their games, then they secure an upper half of the play in tournament as well, because the lay they they have the tie breaker over the Lakers. Lakers and Pels, I think, will be playing for the tie breaker on Sunday, if I'm not mistaken. So it's a really weird little thing. Suns also have kind of a complicated schedule in there, not to take them out of the mix, but those 4 teams have a very important final week. I would be surprised to see the Suns fall into the lower half of the play in tournament. They pretty much have to lose, like, 3 of their last 4 ball games, but anything's possible. Their schedule's tough. Phoenix has Clippers twice, the Kings and the Wolves, and all those teams are gonna be gunning for them. Although, the Clippers will see if they have Kawhi, so Suns might kinda catch a break there. Pels, as we mentioned, they have the Lakers. They, also have a very easy game against the blazers tomorrow, but then they have the Kings and the Warriors. Again, both those teams are gonna be gunning for them. So, again, like, if if if the pels go 2 and 1 over that stretch, then they're 4833 going into their last ball game. And if the Lakers win their 2 games going into that, they'll be 4734. So both those teams could end up 4834, and they'll be playing to get that extra play in game. So, the nice thing about the bottom of the Western Conference is that you have a lot of teams, almost all of them, frankly, like 1 through 10, that are gonna be playing for something. All that to say, I think AD probably tries to get in there for that game against the warriors. Lakers are very bad when Anthony Davis is not on the court. Meaning, if you're, like, thinking about going and picking up Jackson Hayes, you better wait on that. Because he did have a nice ballgame, but he he might not get to play. Spencer Dinwiddie filling in for LeBron did a nice job. Rui Hachimura filling in with some extra shots for AD and LeBron. You knew he was gonna have a better ballgame. And Austin Reeves is buried in a pretty nasty slump right now. At some point, he'll bust out of it, but and you probably need to keep playing him. But, it it ain't going so great for, for Austin right now. Alright. Let's go back to Saturday. And before I do, I know there aren't that many of you hanging with us here at the end of the regular season live at least. Plenty of you still listening after the fact, and I do appreciate you. A quick reminder, we've got shows all off season long, Monday through Friday. And, if you're new, just hanging out for this last week, trying to catch a few little nuggets before the season ends, please scoops subscribe somehow. Yeah. I said scubscribe. Whatever. Who played on Saturday that didn't play on Sunday? We need Detroit. We need Memphis, Atlanta, and Denver. Detroit. I told y'all to pick up Shamese Mehtu, and he's been awesome. 27 and 3. 3 steals, 2 threes on a perfect 9 for 9 shooting. Mehtu has been great. Keep him rolling. Jalen Duran sat this one out. James Wiseman is usually a pretty safe 10 and 10 guy, but he didn't do much else. So it's kind of a super low floor, also pretty low ceiling play. But if you need boards and a few points and decent field goal percent, Wiseman is probably alright. Again, that's a category hunting move. Marcus Sasser is on the board as a threes and assists play. Not gonna get a ton of either, but he's probably not gonna ruin you. And then with Kate out, I'm assuming for the rest of the season, but we don't know. Jaden Ivey should be playable now in 9 Cat on top of points leagues as well. Memphis. Alright. Well, it's just a big fat question of who the hell is actually gonna play. Brandon Clark, has been kinda fun. I've been I've been impressed. They've got a back to back here, at the front end of this week, tomorrow, and the following day. And he's gonna sit out one of those. I think I'd probably play Clark and the other in roto. You can get some points, get some boards, get some defensive stats, usually get some field goal percent. I hope he doesn't go over 2 at the foul line, but I guess you never know. Also of note, Jordan Goodwin is seemingly playing in all of Memphis' games right now. I don't think we see any of the regulars back this week, but I've been surprised before. So keep a very close watch on the grizzlies because you might get Scottie Pippen junior as a play. You might get Jordan Goodwin as a play. Still don't like Gigi Jackson's 9 cat game, but it definitely a points league option. Trey Jamieson would probably be a rebounding option, and then Brandon Clark would probably be an option as well. So, stay tuned. We'll talk about the grizzlies again tomorrow since we won't have any games to recap. We'll mostly be looking at the injury report, and we'll try to get a bead on which of these guys you could maybe drop into a lineup for some of or maybe all of this week. I mean, you might get this may be one of those weird weeks where you get a better week out of Jordan Goodwin than you do out of Damian Lillard. But last week is super I'm not saying you will. I'm just saying the last week is extraordinarily odd. Be ready for anything, and the grizzlies pivoting into 30 plus minutes for these 5 or 6 guys would be fantasy notable. Nothing super notable for Atlanta. This is the same old crap. Deandre Hunter is just a points play at this point. Bogdanovic, Capella, Murray, Jalen Johnson, those are the guys you can actually play every day. And then the Nuggets. Yeah. Jamal Murray came back. He played 21 minutes. The Nuggets have a back to back tomorrow and the following day, so he may or may not play in both of those. If he doesn't, it doesn't really change anything that I'm doing because I don't like playing Reggie Jackson as a streamer. So, you know, either you get Murray or you don't, but, I'm not throwing anybody else at that situation, and that is all 30 teams, ladies and gentlemen. We did it in about 35 minutes or so after my show opening rant, and that I think is about all we need to talk about today. Did anybody bring up a name in the chat room? Nope. Nobody that we haven't covered yet. Excellent. Excellent news, friends. We will have a weekly preview show coming up in a couple of hours today. We'll break down. That'll be the last streaming show we do, by the way, for the rest of this regular season. So that's gonna be a streaming weekly preview show coming up in a couple of hours. The rest of the week, we're just gonna be trying to analyze the news as we go through these standard recap shows. Because, again, Lay's really only, like, Wednesday Thursday to talk about from a streaming standpoint. So there's no reason to do a streaming show every single day when, like, today, nobody plays. Saturday, nobody plays. Tuesday, Friday, Sunday, basically everybody. There's 2 teams that don't play tomorrow. It's well, who the hell is? Cleveland, and it's Brooklyn. K? So you know, but then they both go on Wednesday. If you wanted to move to somebody I mean, you should be overfilled tomorrow. There's absolutely no reason why you shouldn't have at least 10 guys going. So there's no reason to make a move today or tomorrow. You make all your moves on Wednesday Thursday, and then you just pray enough that those guys are playing on Friday Sunday. That's it. That's the whole damn thing. I'm gonna do a streaming show later today. It's gonna be 22 seconds long. I'm Dan Vasquez at Dan Vasquez on Twitter. Please like, rate, and subscribe. I really need your help as we wind down the regular season, and I want you guys with us all off season long because I really don't wanna be shouting into the void to no one. Have a great couple of hours. We'll see you later.