Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Hello. What up? It's a new week. I hope you guys are all surviving. Your fantasy teams are okay. Made it to the next one. I have 3 head to head leagues that are in the playoffs right now, and all 3 teams survived. I got a little lucky, mind you. Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good. One of them I think I would have won 2 out of the 3 even without profound luck. The third one, I don't think I would have made it. I got very fortunate in that one. My opponent lost Tyrese Maxey and Wenby, who didn't play, what, much last week? I think he played, like, one out of their 3 games or something. I probably would've lost that week if that dude didn't lose 2 of his top 3 players. But you know what? So it goes with head to head playoffs. It's, pretty much comes down to which team can stay healthy and maximize games played. So we skirt through. We move to the next one. And, we'll do 2 shows today to address that type of stuff. This is the weekend review show, so we're gonna be going through all the ads for this coming week based on longer term needs. So someone that you'll have for this 2 week, whatever it is, you're looking for that bang for your buck kinda guy. That's what this first show is about. And then we'll have our quick afternoon weekly preview, because it's Monday, but basically a streamer show that gets you situated for how to attack whatever you wanna call this week. Some websites call it week 20. Technically, it is actually the 21st week, of the regular season because the all star break even if fantasy sites call it one period, it's actually 2 weeks of real life. I'm fairly certain there were 14 days in there. So it's technically week 21. Whatever. Playoffs, not playoffs, roto, whatever format you're in, we're gonna try to break down all 30 teams on today's show and get you situated for basically what's going on with them. This is a this is a reset. Before we dive in because these longer shows, these are an opportunity to do a little bit of promo, wanna, again, welcome everybody to Fantasy NBA Today. This is a sports ethos presentation. I'm Dan Vespris. You can find me over on Twitter at danbespris, d a n b e s b r I s. Many of you are watching with us live over on Twitter right now, so make sure to like and follow if you're over there. Like and subscribe if you're on YouTube, and, rate and subscribe if you're checking us out after the fact on a more traditional podcast channel. Also, shout out to our baseball draft guide and the baseball team under the leadership of Joe Orico. They have been dominating. The fact that we've got this new division up and running is incredible. This is basically the 3rd year that baseball's existed in any capacity at sports ethos, 2nd year that it's had kind of a legitimate fantasy presence, and now kind of the 1st year that it's really been a full marketing blitz, and we've added a draft tracker, and Joe put out his projections this year. It's well worth signing up for the MLB pass. And, also, I've been told that the the offer for NBA subs to extend their subscription to the all sport for just $1 to upgrade, that got extended through today. That's what I've been told. So, lots of reasons to go check out what's going on over at Sports Ethos. And now we can talk about our show for the day. News of the morning, and I've had this up on the screen here to start the show. Sadik Bey, torn ACL. The initial, note on him was a knee hyperextension. Obviously, this is much, much worse than that. He will miss the rest of this year, and, by all accounts, most of next season. Rough break for Saddiq Bey, who actually had been kind of teetering on the brink of fantasy value all season long. He was kind of in a doesn't matter club until Atlanta started losing bodies here. And he actually was putting up some kind of decent numbers of late. But, obviously, you can drop him. There is no clear add in Atlanta despite the fact that both Bay and Jalen Johnson on the wing are out, and, of course, Trae Young is still out in the backcourt. There's just, like, a thousand things going on with that team, and there isn't someone that can just step into it, which feels kind of insane, but, like, that's how it is. So keep an eye on Garrison Matthews more than anything else. Fit Credgy, I think, also, he got a start, I believe, in that ball game yesterday. He started at 3 points and 3 assists, though, in 22 minutes. I, you know, overextend yourself or anything. And it's possible that nothing ends up coming out of this. What they really need is for Onyeko Kang Wu to come back because now he and Clint Capela are basically gonna have no choice but to play side by side. So that's good that's good news for both of those guys. As Capela's minutes cap slowly getting lifted up, he's around 26 now. Bruno Fernando is putting up some kind of marginal numbers in twenty to 22 minutes of all game, but I don't think you can take that plunge unless you really had to. And Atlanta's schedule isn't very good to start this week either if that's kind of a thing that you're dealing with. But, yeah, unfortunate news certainly out of Hawks territory as they just keep losing starters. They're down 3 of them now. And, you know, the the the magic of NBA of the play in tournament is that Atlanta, despite being 6 games under 500, is actually still the 10 seed. So they have this fleeting hope of getting Jalen Johnson and Trae Young back and then making a a run at it. I don't know what that run would look like, but 6 games under and in the play in. East is a little top heavy this year, guys. Ah, well. So that's the news out of Atlanta. That means that we can now start to look at just kind of the overall card and and what everything means. Means. So let's go reverse chronological lightning round style. We will begin with yesterday, and we will move our way through the card. You can see that I was looking at the Atlanta Hawks box score, as the the last thought before going on air. Now let's dive in. Milwaukee beat the Clippers. This is a back to back afternoon situation for LA. So they sat Kawhi Leonard and Paul George. There's really nothing on the Milwaukee side. No changes. Just Malik Beasley continues to be a 3 pointer stream for Khris Middleton. It sounds like he's actually getting kinda close. But if you're in your playoffs, you can't, like, speculatively add someone and hope that they play. You have to you have to be getting something. If you're in Roto and somebody happen to drop Middleton or if you're not in your playoffs yet, which some leagues are still it's unfortunate, but some leagues are still rolling like that. That's a situation where maybe you could look at Middleton, but, look, I I told you guys to avoid him from the very first day of this year, and I really haven't moved off of that position. As far as the Clippers go, I don't think there's gonna be another game coming up in at least not in the near future where they sit both Kawhi and PG. But should a game surface where that happens, Norman Powell is the obvious play. Dude took 21 shots. He'll have to do a lot of the offense. James Harden was bad, so that also kinda made forced other people into doing a little bit more stuff. Zubatz takes a few more shots. Amir Koffe and Terrence Mann are kind of, like, the next tier down. Clippers have this really good schedule run going, but you kinda knew that with that that afternoon thing going on, they probably weren't gonna have their their studs play all 5 of these games. You might very well see the studs play the next 3 though. They go tomorrow, and then they go Thursday, Friday. So Clippers still on the on in the middle of a better scheduling stretch. This is sort of the lightest day of it in terms of you were gonna, like, start grab a clipper or whatever. But, you you know, you don't need to take that punch because their guys are gonna be back for the next one. So let's just keep moving. Indiana beat Orlando, Aaron Neesmith, 37 minutes. That's a team high, more even than Tyrese Halliburton. And for Neesmith, we just kept calling him a soft hold, a please try, do what you can. And then Benedict Matherin went down, and it was kind of like, oh, well, now they're gonna need Neesmith to just play every damn wing minute. And he pretty much did. I mean, 37, like, I get it. It's not Tom Thibodeau, 43 or whatever Josh Hart's playing these days. But that's so many minutes now for Nesmith that even if he's not doing stuff on the basketball court, he's still gonna kinda have to be doing stuff on the basketball court. I know it's a weird, nonsensical way to say it, but, like, even if his usage is super low, even if he seems somewhat disengaged, if you play 37 minutes in an NBA game, you're basically guaranteed some kind of fantasy stats. So now because of the Matherin injury, Nesmith ends up being a pretty good hold. Now he's a stronghold instead of a soft one. Also of note, not picking up Obi Toppin. He had a better ball game here, but you're not adding him. TJ McConnell, who we talked about last week as the guy who'd actually been playing pretty damn well of late, and he has a back to back tomorrow, if you're looking at it from that perspective. If you're just looking at it from kinda the overall perspective, McConnell had one resounding dud in the middle of what's otherwise been a very solid stretch for him. That's now last about 2 weeks. He's top 70 over that that time span. Just a 12 minute game against Minnesota, he didn't have it. But, otherwise, the numbers have been excellent, and you can almost go back it's more than 2 weeks now. February 22nd. So it's more like 2 and a half weeks, almost 3, not quite, where he just started putting up numbers. In 20 minutes. It was just like a go get them moment for McConnell. So, again, Indy's schedule's a little bit weird. They're off today. They got the back to back, and then they go one time in 4 days after that. So there isn't really a long term play here. But if you're putting out a Craigslist dad for assists and steals on good field goal percent, McConnell's your man. Don't expect him to score double digits every ballgame, though. That even even on this little mini heater he's on, that's still been a bit more rare. But the assists and the steals have not been rare. He's shooting 60% over those last 2 and change weeks. That'll get it done. And he's, you know, specialist appeal, but good enough. And the math basically tells us that he's been, playable enough in the other categories where the good stuff is currently outweighing the bad. Orlando, that's a team where a bunch of bad outweighs the good on the fantasy standpoint. Franz Wagner is literally the only 9 category player you've been able to use on that team all season long. Paolo continues to be a very solid points league option. Cole Anthony was better in this one, but who cares? You know, no Markelle faults in this ballgame. No Jalen Suggs in this ballgame. Wendell Carter Junior happened to play, I guess, a little bit better. He had 15 rebounds, so he saw a few extra minutes, but he and Moe Wagner are pretty much splitting the center minutes these days. It's a mess. Don't do it. Don't take the plunge and a bad schedule to boot. Wizards, they just keep losing bodies. Down Marvin Bagley, down Rashaun Holmes in this one now. Lost, Landry Shamet, who who no one really cared. Bilal Kulbili made it pretty much to the end of the ball game, but then, tweaked an ankle, and he's questionable. The good news, I guess, is that with all these guys out, it really shortens up the rotation. They pretty much only played 6 guys in that ball game. Jordan Poole got into foul trouble. He had 5 fouls in 22 and a half minutes. He just sort of didn't have it. Bench Poole is a start these days, though. Coolobilly, if he happens to play in the next ballgame and I you know, I've been pretty much out on him all season long, but I you know, similar to the Aaron Neesmith thing, if you give him 37 minutes, you probably can play him. He's the only one that becomes borderline for me, but, like, Tyus Jones in massive minutes. Denny Avia, massive minutes. Kuzma, massive minutes. Kispert is very much a start when he's in the starting 5, and then Benj Poole is a start as well. So the Wizards, maybe thought the regulars were gonna be the guys going down, and it's the irregulars. Feel like I'm talking about bowel habits. On the Miami side, bunch of guys did some stuff, and I don't really care. Jaime Aquez was okay. Caleb Martin was decent again. Nikola Jovitch actually had an okay line. I want nothing to do with these guys outside of when the schedule allows for it, and it did last week. Miami had 4 games over the last 6 days of last week, so that's fine. But now a lot of these these streamers, they're all off 2 days. Miami schedule does get a little bit better towards the end of this week if that's the direction you're looking. But, again, we'll cover that stuff on the streaming show later on today. As far as the, you know, the everydayers, that's what this recap show is about. The everydayers on Miami right now are Rozier, Butler, Bam, and then Duncan Robinson is the Tyler hero filling everydayer. Other bad news from yesterday in addition to the Sadiq Bay stuff. I threw the Sadiq Bay news up on the screen to start the show, basically, because Woje had just tweeted it out a couple minutes before we went on air. But from last night, Alporin Shingon badly injured towards the tail end of this ball game. He did manage to make it through most of it. So at least from that standpoint, you got an okay line before the damn sky fell on you. We don't have an official report yet, but the dude was wheelchaired off the field. So not good. Not good on the Shangoun front. There are a few possible ads here, assuming he misses 3 weeks or more. Those possibles are Joc Landale, Jeff Green, and then the young guys, either Ahman Thompson or Cam Whitmore or possibly both or whatever. Shangoon, you're not just taking minutes off the board. And this is something we've talked about more lately than we did earlier in the season. Just this idea of, like, what is role really? Because there's opportunity. There's minutes. There's a lot of ways to kinda handicap a card. Shango's playing 32 and a half minutes, which is not a colossal number for a starter, but it's traditional starters minutes. But more than that, he was taking almost 16 shots a game and had 5 assists. So the offense was heavily run and 5 and a half free throws, by the way. The offense was largely running through Shangoun and Freddie VanVleet this year. By the way, if this is the end of the season for him, he'll finish at number 61 in 9 cat with 63 games played. I don't wanna get too far out ahead of myself, but it's a possibility. But then you think about it kinda from the ad standpoint. Like, do we really think Houston is gonna be comfortable playing Joc Landale 30 minutes of all game? I'm inclined to say no. Now Shane Goon hasn't missed many games this year. I think he missed, like, 2. He well, how many games has Houston played? 64? Any what did I just say? 62? No. 63. He missed one damn ball game this year. So we have almost no data on what Landale gets to do. I'm not even sure Jacques was healthy for that game that Chingu'd missed. But most importantly, he really hasn't played more than teens in minutes at all this year. And he's a serviceable backup, played 19 minutes, I think, like the 2nd or 3rd game of the year and had 4 points and 5 rebounds. Landale's best game of the season was probably this last game. He got 17 and a half minutes, so that was again a little bit higher because Shengoon was out, and he had 9 points, 5 boards, 4 assists, and a block. But they're not gonna run the offense through Landale. He's not gonna get 4 assists ballgame. And, frankly, I don't know that he's gonna get more than about 22 to 24 minutes of ballgame, which in my eyes isn't enough. Because then you've got uncle Jeffy. Jeff Green will probably play play 10 to 15 minutes, and then there will probably be some kind of a stretch. 8 minutes, 5 minutes, 6, 9, I don't know, where Jabari Smith junior is playing center, and the Rockets go small. So in that case, you'd probably see either Ahman Thompson or Cam Whitmore pick up an extra. Is it gonna be all of the minutes where Jabari Smith Jr's at center? I don't know. But does Thompson go from 20 minutes to 24? Does Whitmore go from 17, 18 minutes to 22? Or does one of them soak them all up? Does it end up do the Rockets end up going bigger? They might have to, but Ahman Thompson is actually a pretty big guard, mind you. So do you go do you give Ahman 26 minutes? Because if so, then he's the grab. I don't think there's almost any way that Jackelendal sees enough playing time to be a 12 teamer. I know there's almost no chance Jeff Green does. And then the so the guy that I'm staring at, I think we should all be staring at, is Ahmed Thompson because we've seen him do it in 24 or 25 minutes. And it feels like he could get 4 or 5 of Shanggun's minutes and maybe a few of his touches even. But is it gonna be Thompson one day and Whitmore the next? How does this whole thing shake out? If you're looking if you got a deadweight player on your roto bench, you could probably drop them for Ahman Thompson. Just see how the next ballgame goes. If you don't have any deadweight, then you kinda have to play this one by ear a little bit or eye. No thoughts on the Kings. Keep playing Malik Monk. He's been hot. Kevin Hurter is not. That's it. Keegan Murray tweaked an ankle, but he's a tough nut. I'm I'm expecting him to play in their next game. I guess we'll see. New Orleans, as the, Pelicans go or as Trey Murphy goes, the Pelicans go. That's sort of the way things have worked for them. Trey is, volcanic hot lately. He is surface of the sun hot, and so the Pelicans are winning all of their ball games. It doesn't, hurt that they played a Hawks team without Trae Young, without Jalen Johnson, and then without Sydney Bey partway through. But Pelicans are beating everybody right now. Jonas Valancunas has become a bit expendable because of how free and easy they are now scoring the basketball. If Trey Murphy ever cools off, you're gonna see JV's minutes actually come back up. I know that seems sort of counterintuitive, but they can run a little smaller with Zion at center, and they can just outgun teams right now. When Murphy cools off, they're gonna need a little bit more size. They're gonna need better rebounding. They're gonna need JV to do a little bit of the scoring. I think you'll see his minutes trend up a tad, and it'll also depend a little bit on the opponent. So don't drop Valancunas. Basically, from the time that Nance got healthy and the team got healthy, he dropped from that top 50 play to more like a top 100, but I I don't see him falling really any farther than that. Sadly, you're not adding Larry Nance. You guys know I love to add Nance anytime I can, but I I think I've learned my lesson at this point. We've already talked about the Hawks so we can keep rolling past them. Brooklyn beat the zombie cavaliers right now, 120 to 101. As long as the nets have this set of players healthy, you start the starters, which is Bridges, Cam Thomas, Nick Claxton, Dennis Schroeder, and Dorian Finney Smith. You can start all 5 of those guys. They're all getting starters minutes, and they're all doing enough with Finney Smith being sort of the, do I really wanna wait this thing out? Because Brooklyn's schedule goes from very, very good to a bit quieter here the next little bit. Actually, gets better again in, like, 6 days, but they only have one game over the next 5. So if you're on the head to head side, you could probably punt on Phinney Smith. But the rest of these guys are putting up giant numbers. And if anybody else shows up, then we'll reassess things again. Cavs are the more interesting side of this ballgame without question, the more interesting side because they got all kinds of weird stuff going on. And I'll in kind of a fun little twist for us, a lot of the Cavs have already been ruled out for tonight. I say that's fun because at least we know what to do with it. Donovan Mitchell's still out. Mac Struss is still out. Dean Wade is still out for the cavaliers. So you pretty much have this iteration, which George Niang starting. He's playable when he starts because he's just gonna be out there gunning away from 3 point land. Isaac Okoro is a much better sort of across the board stream. Caris LeVert, only 6 shots in this game was fairly surprising. I think you'll see him do more in the next one. You guys know I don't like LeVert's fantasy game, but with this many guys out, I don't see how you have a choice but to play him. And so that ends up being a start the starter's deal for Cleveland as well. If somebody shows up, and it doesn't sound like it's gonna happen in this one, but if somebody shows up for the cavaliers, then you reassess. And they play today, and then they play Wednesday, and then their schedule gets light. So at that point, whatever sort of fringe your guys you have like Niang or Coral Laverne, if you're on the head to head side, you could potentially move on after Wednesday. But if see if you can squeeze another game or 2 out while everybody else is hurt. Oh, the Grizzlies. Good lord. I I mean, it's hard to even keep track of who's in and who's out for this team. They lost to the Thunder by 31. Let's start on the Thunder side, by the way, because Jalen Williams had a pretty bad ankle tweak early in this game. He did not come back. Kason Wallace ended up scoring 22. Thunder have a bad schedule this week. So head to head is you probably don't do anything with it. Roto, I think I'm leaving it alone. I guess the question is, will Lew Dort end up doing enough? He made all 5 of his shots, so this game doesn't really tell the whole story. Do we think Kayson Wallace is really gonna go get 14 shots in 27 minutes a game? Bit skeptical of that also. This is I I gotta see it once with the thunder. I gotta see it against the team that's an actual NBA club before I go picking through whatever carcasses start to surface there. Speaking of picking through the carcasses, Memphis, I like, legitimately, I don't know if you can trust anyone on this team on the head to head side because we have no idea who's gonna play on a game to game basis. Right now, Jaren Jackson is trying to rack up some games played. I still think he's just trying to get to 65. He's at 57 right now, so maybe you get another 2 weeks out of jjj. When he goes down, I think you could play Santi Aldama. Jake LaRavia is not too far off, and I keep saying that, but I like, 24 minutes does not give me a whole lot of confidence in playing LaRavia. And you're you're like, oh, Dan. It was a blowout. Yeah. But, like, Gigi Jackson played 37 minutes, and Lamar Stevens played 30 off the bench. There is no consistency whatsoever. They're just hunting for whoever has any kind of fantasy game available on a given night. And if you've got a little bit of game, you get to play a little bit more that day and that day only. Gigi Jackson had 30 points here. He'd been horrible for, like, 3 weeks before this. You're like, damn. Should I pick him up? No. And then Jordan Goodwin will get a game every you know, one out of every 3 because he's on a two way deal. Luke Kennard played in this one. Jon Conchard did not. You can't do it. Jaren Jackson is startable, certainly for the moment, because he's healthy. Healthy enough, I guess. Vince Williams, when he's upright, you play him. But if he starts to miss games here and there, I don't know how we rectify that on the head to head side. Dejean Jaro had a really nice game, and I like, I couldn't have even told you who he was 3 days ago. You're picking these guys up. Just don't do it. Save yourself the trouble. Philly and New York, I was fully convinced that this was the score at the end of 3 quarters. We've seen the score at halftime of a number of ball games. 79 to 73. Neither team broke 40% from the field. The teams combined for 32 turnovers. The sixers shot 57% at the foul line. This was ugly. Oogly. Shouldn't be surprised, though. Philly's down both Embiid and Maxi, so it's just a bunch of who, you know, who's or what's it's. Buddy healed. Yeah. Hold, buddy, healed. I know he came off the bench, but he's a hold. Paul Reed is technically a hold. I'm kinda wimping out on starting him against the game's cap, but, technically, he is a hold right now. I'm gonna say no to Nick Batum. I'm gonna say yes to streaming Kyle Lowry who obviously would he woulda had more than 3 assists if anybody on his team could make a shot. Spoiler alert, they could not. Oubre's a go. Tobias Harris is a go. I don't like campaign in 9 cat. We've talked about this. And that's where I'm at. That's where I am with the sixers even after a 73 point game. And then for the Knicks, you know, or a 79 point game. For the Knicks, they got 73. If Jalen Brunson is even anything but absolutely atrocious, the Knicks win this ballgame, but he was absolutely atrocious. Brunson, you start. Josh Hart has played 40 minutes in 9 consecutive ball games. He's about to hit it, like, he's gonna lose an arm in the next one, and I won't be surprised. Di Vincenzo, Precious Achew, those guys are also playing. I'm not playing Jericho Sims, and I feel so sick to my stomach about saying it. Stomach, not stomach. But you can stream Isaiah Hartenstein's spot in Roto or head to head. Because, like, Roto, what's the point of just having him on the bench? It's been a month and change now where he hasn't gotten starters minutes. Mitchell Robinson is inching closer. They don't look like there's any change coming for Hartenstein's minutes cap. And I pray to the good lord that I don't drop him this week, and then they're like, oh, by the way, you can play 26 minutes now. But we're just not seeing it. And that roster slot is basically useless on Roto. And in head to head, you can find somebody better. Now if the Knicks had a really good schedule, I mean, maybe, they don't. Just a 3 game week this week and next week and last week. They're in a light light scheduling area, which at least means he won't get a back to back off. But I I mean, it it kills me to say it, but Hardenstein does not need to be on rosters right now. It's too much of a pain in the butt. Minnesota was down a whole bunch of guys. The key ones being no cat for the rest of the regular season, no Gobert for short ish term, and no Kyle Anderson also for short ish term. If all 3 of those guys are out for the Wolves next ball game, which by the way, is tomorrow, they're in LA for the Lakers Clippers set, and then they're off for 3 days. This is a tougher call to make, I think, on the head to head side than on Roto, but, Nikhil Alexander Walker played 39 minutes. He's very much a start if all of those guys are out on Tuesday. Nasrid is a play the rest of the regular season. That's an easy one. Jordan McLaughlin at 4 threes, but you're not doing anything there. Jaden McDaniels took 17 shots, which is kind of by Lakers' design. They wanted him to be the guy shooting. I I had a chance to watch this game. I try to watch all the Laker games, still have this fleeting hope that I'm gonna get back to actually covering the Lakers, like, 3 years ago or whatever it was. Lakers did a lot of rotating and often did not rotate to cover McDaniels. They were like, alright. If anybody's gonna be taking this thing, it better be you, and it worked. He was bad on jump shots. Terrific. We are, we're dog sitting, my mother in law's dog, and then that dog has a high pitched noise, and then mine starts yelling. Delightful. Alright. Come on, dogs. Shut it up. I can't pause. I'm on a live show. They're both going nuts right now. Screw it. We're just gonna yell over dogs barking. This is idiotic. This is gonna be a long week in the Bessemer's household. Multiple dogs. I never signed up for this. Anyway, because Minnesota's schedule is terrible, if you're playing head to head, you're not gonna add someone today for just tomorrow. If you happen to add someone yesterday when all when the news broke that everybody for the wolves was out, you'll hold on for one more day. Try to squeeze out that one more big one tomorrow, and then you're dropping these fringe guys. Because, again, the schedule just dictates head to head, You can't do it. Roto? Okay. Whatever. Fine. Like, try to squeeze out the game. If you wanted to hold on a few more, that's also fine provided you're not way behind in games played. And then for the Lakers, Anthony Davis dealing with his shoulder thing. He says he still feels it. Lakers are also a team in a really light scheduling stretch right now. They're off until Sacramento on Wednesday. There aren't any fringy players on the Lakers, though. We'll talk more about them. That's just a team where you can't even take a you can't even take a stab at a fringy guy. And, frankly, the Lakers schedule is so bad over the next 13 days, you might even consider dropping some every dater's. Like, Austin Reeves is very good. He's been, you know, 85 range all year. But 85 range with this type of schedule might not cut it. It's 4 games over 13 days right now, people. That's almost 2 2 game weeks in a row. Dogs. We'll hide them in another room for tomorrow's live show. Alright. That was Saturday. We still got a couple more days to cover, although a lot of teams played on Saturday, so that at least took care of that part of our business. Wanna quickly remind everybody since a lot of you are now watching live that weren't when I did it the first time around. Take a moment to find me over on social media at Dan Vesperos on Twitter. This is a time of the season where a lot of people unfollow because either their season ended or whatever is going on. So, hopefully, some of you are new, finding me for the first time. Make sure to follow now. We're gonna be doing a lot of content between today and the end of the regular season. We go all off season long as well. This is a podcast that goes until the end of time. There was one day there was one time where I didn't miss a single weekday for, like, two and a half consecutive years. I don't plan on doing that again, but it's really fun to have you guys around. We do a lot over on social media. We do a lot in the pod. Like and follow if you're watching on Twitter. Like and subscribe if you're watching on YouTube, and rate and subscribe if you're listening after the fact. Of course, also check out sportsethos.com, NBA coverage, baseball coverage. We'll have football stuff coming up in the next, whatever it is, month, something like that. We're in we're in all around the year squad now over here. And, also, check out our buddies atmanscaped.com. Promo code there is Ethos 20. Get free shipping and a 20% off on your order atmanscape.com. 20% off and free shipping with promo code ethos 20. Keep that promo short because we got lots left to cover. Saturday's card, Chicago, they played the Clippers. This is the Clippers when they were healthy, and you don't really do anything besides the big namers there, and then Zubatz is kind of like your 3rd string center. For Chicago, start the starters. We are inching closer to an Andre Drummond game for whatever that's worth. When's the next I think I said it was, like, in the March 20 something range where the Bulls play a big team again. It is the Timberwolves. And now somebody is here to check on the balcony. I can't get through a damn live show. YouTubers, I need you guys to just wait for just a second. I gotta deal with the front door. Hold on, everybody. Okay. That was confusing. Where did we leave off? Right. Chicago. I was looking up when they play a big team again. And it's the Timberwolves on March 31st, but they don't even have cat anymore. So I I honestly don't know if Drummond's gonna have another useful game this year. Brooklyn, we talked about Charlotte. They are also in sort of, like, a bonus zombie mode these days. Miles Bridges, he's a go. Brandon Miller's a go. Nick Richards continues to be your sort of low end center fill in. Down, Trey Man these days on top of already being down LaMelo Ball, who probably doesn't play the rest of the year, and Cody Martin. So Vasilijevicic is a start. He's gonna have efficiency issues, but he's a start, because the assists are just simply gonna be high enough and, you know, again, 30 some odd minutes of point guard stuff. You've gotta give it a go. Grant Williams in the starting 5, I am lightly intrigued by, But, I mean, again, they, you know, they had this good schedule stretch that started. Remember, we talked about the 6 games 9 days stuff. So they've they're 2 games into that. So now they got 4 games over 6 days. Roto, probably not using a Grant Williams game against my cap. It's just not fun enough. And then Davis Bertans is very much streamable on the head to head side right now, but you are gambling a bit if you try to use him against a game's cap. Make sure I've got all my tech going right right now after trying to pause and flip and do whatever. Dallas. Daniel Gaffer time is back upon us. Thank goodness. A perfect 7 for 7 from the field. I know you're like, it's only 24 minutes, Dan. Why are you so excited? That's all he's needed. He's a 3rd rounder in 26 and a half minutes in Washington. So what do we think in 24 minutes? 5th rounder? 6th? I mean, either way, it's an everyday play. Yes. There was no Derek Lively in this one, so that was, you know, that helped him a little bit, but he's starting now. That's what I'm looking at. So you're basically guaranteed 20 minutes, which is probably top 100. Anything beyond that is, I don't wanna say gravy because we were obviously hoping for more. But at least he's no longer a good lord, he played 16 minutes kinda guy. PJ Washington, I mean, I did tell you this type of game was coming, and here it is. You know me. I'm trying to soften my stance on just playing hot, guys, and PJ was super hot. Will it continue? I don't maybe. I don't do it myself. That's what it comes down to. I don't really play these guys that just sort of get hot. It I I screw it up for whatever reason. I play them on the wrong days. I'd rather play the guys that I trust. So for this team right now, obviously, Luca, Kyrie, and Gafford are the 3 guys you trust. For Detroit, Azar Thompson left this game early with an illness, but he's not on the injury report. So, presumably, he'll be fine for the next one. And Jalen Duran got ejected for 2 technical fouls. So the minutes were all over the map. James Wiseman played 30. That ain't happening again. Simone Fontecchio played 32, started the second half in place of Thompson, and had 27 points on 13 shots. That's not happening again. Although, to Fontecchio's credit, he's been a pretty good 3 point shooter for Detroit, but doesn't really do much else. Managed to get a couple of other things because he played 30 minutes. But, again, like, you know, 24, 25 minutes for him, you might get points in the teens, but the other stuff just isn't gonna be there. I don't like Isaiah Stewart's fantasy game. So for me, I've seen nothing to get me off of Cade, Duran, and Thompson as the 3 guys I trust on Detroit. Boston's rolling into a back to back. I'd assume that at least some of the guys currently listed as questionable will indeed sit the front end of this. Kristof Porzingis is missing games regardless of the back to back. So do we finally see Al Horford play both? I doubt it. You'll probably get a Xavier Tillman game blended in there somehow, but he didn't even play in this one. Luke Cornett got the backup center minutes. So is it is it Cornett time if you're streaming a Boston Celtic over the next 2 days? Because I don't think Orfavor is gonna play in both of them. I mean, you might get, like, a 27, 28 minute Cornett game in Utah in altitude or I don't know. We'll find out later on, but they may rest a bunch of guys. This is Boston's got a couple of tanking teams on this back to back. Portland, Utah, it's a brutal flight, by the way, late into the night with the time change and all that stuff and altitude. There's no chance their regulars are playing both of those. And, frankly, you might see I don't know if they're gonna rest half of them in each ballgame or, you know, play them all in Portland and then sit them all in Utah. But that's why you look at okay. Look. If we find out that Boston's sitting, let's say, Jaylen Brown and Jrue Holiday tonight, that probably means they're sitting Tatum and Derrick White and Horford tomorrow, which means that if 2 guys or 3 guys are down in each ballgame, then you actually do get some streams. Like, Sam Houser would probably be streamable for the back to back, Peyton Pritchard probably for the back to back. This is thinking more along the head to head side, and maybe I should save that for the afternoon show when we know more. But this is the kind of thing you can look at. From a full season, like, overall standpoint, Horford's a guy that you're playing against the game's cap right now. That's sort of the only difference because Porzingis is out. Eric Gordon played 29 minutes. He ended up suffering a left knee bruise in this one, but he was horrible anyway. And you guys know I hate his fantasy game. It sounds like Devin Booker is coming back though, so Eric Gordon was gonna be totally useless regardless. The only question here is, you know, Phoenix has a 4 game week, but it's a game and then a couple days off. Do you play Royce O'Neil for one more day and then sort of think about whether or not you wanna hang on to him as the lone, like, the 6th man you could probably play. Because even when Booker comes back, O'Neil could still get 30 minutes pretty easily. And that, to me, that's the only question you're sitting on with, with the Phoenix Suns right now. Spurs took care of the Stifelis Warriors. The good news on Steph is that they don't expect him to miss more than a couple of ball games. They've got Dallas tomorrow. I think he's out for that one. They're hoping to have him back for the Laker game on Saturday of this week. We'll see. You know everybody always plays against the lakers, but, you you know, looking at the warriors side in just a minute. Alright. Let's do the warriors now. So Chris Paul got the start. They moved Trace Jackson Davis into the starting 5 to get a little bit of a rim runner with Chris Paul for for the screen and roll. It was kinda by design. So you could probably play Trace Jackson Davis for I don't know. I guess that would be one more game. 2 more? Oh, maybe they get Steph back for the Dallas game. We'll see. They got the Spurs again. They probably beat them this time. We'll see. Wenmee's supposed to be back for that game too. Brandon Pogemski, I think, is startable while Steph is out. Chris Paul definitely is. Not that there was any question there. Klay Thompson's a start. Draymond is a start. Barely. Kuminga's a start. Wiggins is close now. 26 minutes. They're easing him back in. I think if we find out that he's good to go for 28 minutes in the next ballgame, you could probably play Andrew Wiggins, but I might wait one more just to see. But, keep an eye on the starting 5 because it for Jax Davis, you're not playing if he's coming off the bench. You could probably play him if he's starting, if you need big man stats, and just hope he doesn't take any free throws because he went 1 for 5 here. I went in circles a little bit. Hopefully, that covered the names. For San Antonio, this was the the Wembley and Vassell less ballgame, and they won anyway. David Vassell is like, Wembley, they they basically already said that they're hoping to have him back for this ballgame tonight, the rematch here with the warriors. For Vassell, he yeah. Well, he did get the report. He's probable. That came out yesterday in the evening, so that's good news. So they expect to be back to full strength, meaning you you pretty much punt on whatever you took away from this ball game. You're not doing Zach Collins stuff. You're not doing Sohan stuff. Malachi Brandon's been actually scoring a decent amount lately, but not 9 Cat. Keldon Johnson would have been the guy you'd consider with all those other dudes out, but, no, Trey Jones was a guy you'd consider when guys are out. So I think he probably pivots back into kind of the doesn't matter group. Champagne, no. Barlow, no. I mean, it like, we saw what the Spurs were when Vassello and Wenby were healthy, and it was basically those 2 guys. At least for 9 cat. Utah, they're in, weird their lineups are crazy right now. Keontae George is a start. He's back. He's healthy from his illness. That's good. Jordan Clarkson, you can start while Markkanen is out. Sexton, you're starting. Kessler's back, so you can start him as well. And John Collins, those are the 5 guys I trust. Bryce Sensibaugh played 32 minutes again, with Markkanen and then Taylor Hendrix both out, and I just can't bring myself to care. He had 3 steals, which basically floated his line here because the turnovers were bad. Field goal percent was good, but I don't think we can assume that's gonna happen every ball game. So that's why I'm I'm I'm leaning towards no on Sensibaugh here in the short term. Nuggets, I have no thoughts at all. Whatever you've been doing, just keep doing it. KCP is in the doesn't matter group. Aaron Gordon is more of a points league guy. He didn't play that many minutes in this game. Blow out stuff. Keep it light. And then everything else is fine. Same stuff. Toronto, Portland. Toronto, we just got the report on how many guys are questionable coming into their ballgame tonight. Gary Trent just got added to the board, with a groin issue. That stinks. That could keep him out for a few ballgames. Troubling, but I'm gonna sit on him in roto quickly. Sit on him. He's dealing with a sore hip. Hopefully, he plays. If he doesn't, whatever. Even in head to head, I think you could sit on him. Chris Boucher was the guy that I thought would kinda be interesting, but he's questionable with a knee issue. Boucher played 31 minutes. Dude gets 30 minutes. He's a he's a big time fantasy start. Well, then you look around, you see who's left. RJ Barrett is probable. He missed the last ballgame with an illness. Kelly Ulynyk is not even on the injury report. Thank the good lord. So Kelly's a big time start, and he posted kind of his first fat, juicy line here. First of many, I assume. Grady Dick played 39 minutes. That's notable. Again, it's hard to play 39 minutes and not post Fantasy value, which is kinda what happened to him. But, like, look at Bouche and Trent or Quickley or whoever. If these guys are out, then you could even consider a Grady Dick stream. But the fact that none of these guys have been ruled out long term makes me somewhat reticent about picking anybody up using a weekly move here. Or even on Roto, like, why am I picking up this backup if they might not even get to do anything for 1 ballgame? If you're looking at a backup, the one I would look at is Boucher and then just hope that he's healthy if other some of these other guys miss time. If Barrett comes back, that actually, I think, puts a little bit of a dent into what Boucher did in the last ballgame. Also, Jalen McDaniels. There's a lot to kinda watch in Toronto, but I don't know that I would take a stab on anyone right this second. It's 11:15 in the morning here on the Pacific Coast. We gotta get a report on these raptors. I gotta know when they're playing. Not when. I mean, I know when they're playing. They're in Denver, so it's a slightly later game. You're not gonna get info on the Raptors until probably 4 or 5 o'clock Pacific time. And then if you wanted to do something, fine. You know, a lot of roto leagues are not day of moves anyway, so it's too late to do anything with it. Head to head, I don't know how badly you wanna do it because they play every other day all week, meaning you can't even expect to squeeze a back to back out of this. Portland, also a mess. Alright. So where to even begin? Deandre Ayton is in. Anthony Simons is in. That's good. Scoot Anderson came back. He had 13 and 5. And at some point here, he's gonna be asked to do a lot of stuff, then you're gonna have to weigh out whether the pros outweigh the cons on him. And the for Roto, the answer is almost definitely no. For head to head, Portland goes 3 games the 1st 4 days this week. So a lot of guys become playable in head to head. And we'll talk a bit more about that on the afternoon show, but, who would I use among that group against the Roto games cap if nobody else is added back in? Like, let's say, Jabari Walker remains out, and I think everybody else is pretty far away from coming back. Is a play because, I mean, 5 defensive stats and starters minutes is pretty reachable for him. 4, I think you can just frankly kind of expect. Jumaane Kamara in full starters minutes is also probably playable against the game's cap, although he's more of a coin flip. And then Dalenio Banton is shooting a lot, and he happened to do some other stuff in this ballgame. But, at least for 9 cat, the bad has been outweighing the good. For head to head, very much playable on the hot stretch. Duop reads a drop. Chris Murray's minutes dropped off here. You know, when they had 5 games in 7 nights, he was playable. 3 games over 4 nights, I don't know that I would add him now. But if you were in a if you were in a bind, like, if Sadique Bey went down and none of these other guys are available, that's that's where you could potentially think about it. And then our our, weekly adventure in did anybody not play over the weekend, And I think the answer this week was no. Didn't everybody go over the weekend? Thinking back to all of our streaming shows, and I feel like I talked about how, you know, everybody had either one game or 2 games starting on Friday. Nobody had a 0 in there. Yeah. I'm pretty sure every single team played over the weekend. Right? Yeah. We got that right. Alright. Quick check of the chat room to see if anybody brought up, some players that I skipped over, and then we'll wrap this thing up. Really big social media viewership today. The you folks that watch on YouTube, first of all, thank you. You guys are amazing. But I don't think you get to see that number. I can see it through the back end on StreamYard, and there's, like, 650 people watching live on Twitter right now. So cheers to all of you. I guess that all the all them tweet storms are finally paying off. Is Conley a drop this week? Yeah. You could hold through tomorrow if you wanted and then drop after that, because, technically, you're if you take it in small chunks, like you sort of little Quanta, one game over 2 days is average, and then they got one game over 5 days after that. So I think it's probably good to hold Conley on through his game tomorrow and then make a move on Wednesday just so you preserve moves for later in the week. But, basically, Do I think Horford plays in the back to back? I don't. Is Sam Houser a possible super stream? Maybe. Who would you choose between Trey Mann and Jaime Haquez? Well, Trey Mann's posting zeros right now, so it kinda has to be Haquez. When he comes back, it would be Trey, but I don't know if that's gonna be now or a week from now. Scoot Henderson versus Banton, points league. I'll go Scoot. I think he overtakes him and does some fun stuff. Trace Jackson Davis, we talked about him. Kreccy, yeah, if he plays a bunch, no guarantee he gets stats. We talked about that earlier. I just I don't think there's an obvious ad in the Sadik Bey wake, which we talked about first thing on the show. If you guys are asking about Sadik Bey, just rewind all the way to the beginning. That was the very first thing we talked about. Those of you guys that are asking about streaming stuff, again, we're gonna talk about that on the afternoon show, the schedule related stuff. This show is more about getting you the best possible players. So if you're like there's a good question here saying, should I drop Daniel Gafford after Thursday? You know, for this show, the answer is no. If you're, like, dying in your playoffs, the answer might be yes because then they go 2 games over 6 days after that. 3 games over 7, though. I mean, that's not the end of the world, so probably not. What about Onyeko Okonwu? So we mentioned him in passing. We haven't really gotten a good update on him in a bit. I think he's more valuable now than ever if you can stash him because they really have no choice in Atlanta but to play Okonwu a ton alongside Capella when he comes back. But, you know, the last news on him was Thursday, and that he wasn't gonna be reevaluated for at least another week. So you can't add him now. And if you've been sitting on him, you're kinda stuck sitting on him another 5 days. See what happens. Let's see what we got here. Did we just get Boucher ruled out? Yeah. Boucher ruled out. Gary Trent ruled out. Immanuel Quickley all ruled out. That happened 10 minutes ago. Womp womp. Right in the middle right in the middle of the show while being accosted by dogs and people that need to do a balcony inspection of our apartment building. Well, that's a real pain in the you know what. So you probably can go Grady Dick tonight if you want. I thought we weren't gonna get an update until, like, 6 PM. So early rule outs at least makes our life a little bit simpler. Yeah. Grady Dick's gonna have to play a bunch. So but, again, you know, bunch of those guys might be back by Wednesday. So don't again, my thought is don't overextend yourself because you got 4 moves this week, and I don't know about using them this early if you don't know for a fact you're holding said player for more than a day. My man doesn't watch the chat. I don't watch the chat in real time. It's too distracting. I check it at the end here. Is Nasrid too good to drop? Yeah. Oof. Yeah. I mean, you know, if Gobert and Slow Mo come back, then Nasrid becomes more like a a top 80, top 90 guy, and then I think you could drop him after Tuesday for the one game and 5 day spell. But if, if it sounds like Gobert and Slow Mo are gonna miss more time, then, yeah, Nas is, like, top 50, and then you try to hold him. But don't, I'd like it so hard. You're in the playoffs. You gotta advance. Yeah. Oh, and good point. Yes. I mentioned Jalen McDaniels when we were talking about the Raptors 10 minutes ago, but I forgot to repeat them now. Jalen McDaniels should also probably be worth a one day look in, quite a lot of formats. Alright. That'll wrap it up. We'll try to get an afternoon show going, as close to after lunch as possible, but my lunch is getting pushed right now. I'm Danvers. This is Fantasy NBA Today. Thanks for joining us. Big, big viewership today on all formats. Lot of you out on social watching these days. So remember to like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff. And, again, 2 a days. We're doing them right now. See you guys on Twitter in the meantime. Later for now.