Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright. Fantasy playoff time for a lot of folks. Gotta clear my throat at the beginning of the show. I was apparently not ready to start talking yet. Ready now, though. Maybe. This is Fantasy NBA Today. You guys probably know that already. I'm your host, Dan Vazquez. It's Monday, beginning of week 20 of the Fantasy Basketball season. Lot of leagues going into their playoffs today. Roto, obviously, we got 6 weeks left. It's, stretch run time. And then Yahoo head to head leagues. They don't start their playoffs for, like, 3 more weeks, which is flat out idiotic, but it is. So we deal with it as we deal with it. Quick, preview of what's coming up today as we get rolling here. Obviously, this show will largely be a weekend recap. We're gonna go through each team's most recent ball game, get you situated for the week ahead, what players emerged from the weekend as guys that absolutely, positively need to be on rosters, who perhaps doesn't, big injury news, stuff like that. And much like Friday, I'm planning on having a second show early this afternoon, preferably right after lunchtime if I can get to it quickly, and we'll break down the week ahead from a streaming standpoint. And if all goes well, we'll be able to do that tomorrow, Wednesday Thursday. I think Friday might only be a one show day just based on pretty sure I gotta get out of here by, like, lunchtime. But my goal in all that is to give you guys your best streaming opportunities as you hit the playoffs or if you're fighting for a playoff spot. But this way, we don't have to just cram it in to, you know, 4 minutes at the end of this the recap show, the sort of fantasy, talk about all the names kind of thing. So that's the plan for the next few days. We'll sort of try to keep it cruising along as long as we can. Well, again, I'm not gonna be able to hit every day. It'll be my goal is, like, 80% or higher hit rate on, weekdays for some streaming thoughts, But I'll also try to get some stuff out on social as well. I'm at Dan Vesbras over on Twitter, d a n b e s b r I s. This, of course, is a sports ethos presentation. And quick shout out to our baseball guys, the baseball draft guide available now in the Baseball Fantasy Pass. That's just $6 a month, same as the, basketball, rate. And first of all, you can get that over at sportsethos.com. I've got a link in the show description. And for those of you that are following here that are already subscribed to our NBA premium stuff, the NBA Fantasy Pass, you can upgrade to the all sport for $1 a month. It is the lowest price the all sport will ever be. And, also, based on expectations here internally, the NBA pass next season is gonna be $7. So you can get the All Sport now and keep that price forever as long as you just keep it turned on. So a pretty awesome deal on that front. Definitely go check out the work those baseball guys are doing. And it sounds like the Orico 250, top 250 baseball names is dropping today in that guide, so that's awesome as well. Let's get through the game, Sunday, Saturday, and then there are a few teams that didn't go over the weekend this time around. There were more than usual, so expect us to dig in a little bit on Friday. As far as yesterday goes, Philly beat Dallas. That was a wild one. Sixers actually trailed this game 11 to nothing to start the ball game and then opened up a double digit lead at one point and kinda held it for a while. The news, over the weekend for the sixers is that Mo Bamba slid into the starting lineup, but Paul Reed has actually still played the majority of the center minutes in those last two ball games. And he's looked better doing it, frankly. So, they've won their games. Phillies won their last two games. 1 of them was against a sort of a pastry team, but Dallas is a reasonable opponent. And, my guess would be that they continue to do it. So Bomba will probably start, but his minutes haven't changed that much. Paul Reed's minutes also, believe it or not, haven't changed all that much. He's just able to function better with them, playing in different second units against second string guys. So hold on to Paul Reed. You're not adding Nick Patoom. Very nice ballgame for him, but we know his body hasn't gone 30 minutes at night. So Reed, Maxey Harris, Oubre, heeled as a hold. I know he's cooled off a bit. We sort of always knew he would. And then Kyle Lowry is kind of the guy you're keeping a side eye on because he's had a lot of assists his last two ball games. He might very well play his way into a roster spot. Don't completely don't just write off Lowry because it's Kyle Lowry. Like, he's not that far away from being a useful fantasy player. He's a tough ad. No, actually, that's not true, because I think they got I think they go 4 times this week. I think it's 5, 6, 8, and 10, if I'm not mistaken. He is not particularly heavily rostered these days, because he wasn't doing very much with Miami, but he's acclimated here to Philly. De'Anthony Melton is out for we don't know how long. And in his last two ball games, Lowry's played 69 minutes and has 4 3 pointers, is averaging about, oh, 11 ish points per ball game, 11 and change, 5 boards and 8 and a half assists over that stretch, which is nothing to shake a stick at. You know, we're talking about a NBA starting point guard right now whose main job is gonna be to get the ball to Maxey, to Harris, to Oubre, whoever. Doesn't have to worry too much about his own scoring. But look, if he's gonna take 9 shots, that's actually probably enough for him to have top 100 value. I don't know if it sticks. Shooting percentage is gonna hurt you, but I would say it'd be shortsighted for us to not at least consider Kyle Lowry at this stage of the game. And the nice part is, I think a lot of people are just sort of not considering him because he's Kyle Lowry, and that's fine. It's just sort of a different thing in Philly than he had in Miami, Even if the minutes are not all that different. In Miami, he was at 8 points and 4 assists in 28 minutes a game, and Philly is at 8 points and 6 assists in 28 minutes a game. And maybe you get last year's Kyle Lowry, which, again, it's always fairly beat up, but he was 11, 4, and 5 with a steal and 2, 3 pointers in Miami last year. And that was, by all accounts, enough to be kind of a fringe level starting caliber fantasy player. I think he was, like, number 115 last season. Not like, I I wouldn't put it past him. They could very easily get back to 115 here before Embiid comes around, obviously, his bodies get warmer than you know, easier, to pick up Lowry and stick him on a bench on the roto side because, like, you know, he's gonna miss ball games. Will he play in their upcoming back to back? My guess, honestly, is yes. I don't think Philly's that worried about Lowry's body health. I think they just need him to cover games. Do whatever you can until you fall apart. And hopefully, they their internal thought would be, like, hopefully, Embiid is closer to coming back. But Philly actually has a really good schedule this week starting Tuesday. That would be a lovely time to deploy him on the head to head side. Am I gonna outright add him and cut someone of value? No. Especially not with the other guys that popped up over the weekend. But if you missed out on those guys, I don't think Lowry is that bad of an alternate option here, especially because the sit everybody's always hunting assists. Bad news out of Dallas. The center situation is just untenable at this point. Maxey Klibo was back. He, Derek Lively, Daniel Gafford were all terrible in this game. Not one of them even came remotely close to Fantasy value, so you just kinda have to move on. You're not adding Derrick Jones junior. He made 5 3 pointers. That's not a thing that's gonna stick every ball game. So right now, Luca and Kyrie are kinda the only 9 cat guys you can play for the pass. And then PJ Washington is probably kinda borderline points league useful. 9 Cat, he'll have a couple decent games, and then he'll fall apart. Boston smoked Golden State by 52. Yucky. Moses Moody is getting some starts here with Andrew Wiggins and Brandon Pogemski out. I I mean, I don't think you really need to take a big old Moses Moody plunge. Plus, the warriors are off today and tomorrow, then they go back to back Wednesday, Thursday. If you find out somehow that Wiggins and pods are still out for those, then, yeah, you could use Moody on the back to back. But this is not a guy you're gonna try to get out in front of for any reason. So let's keep going. This game requires none, zeros of our attention. Clippers beat Minnesota 8988. Yeah. I know. Refs aren't calling as many fouls right now. They're sort of, they've decided they're not calling the ticky tack stuff anymore. Getting ready for the playoffs 6 weeks early. Norman Powell was kinda the 1st winner here with, no Russell Westbrook who broke his hand over the weekend. He's out indefinitely. As I told you guys, Terrence Mann, he does these, you know, 2 week heaters, and then all of a sudden, it kinda disappears. The, the winner on just, like, getting to do more in this was Powell, but also a little bit extra Amir coffee. You're not going down that rabbit hole either. Zubatz, by the way, just he was getting roasted. So they went to Daniel Theiss instead, which I don't think is a a permanent thing. Zoo is, like, your prototypical plotting third string center. So he belongs on some rosters. He belong he doesn't belong on others. It's really about fit. He's in the doesn't matter club. We can have added yay. That's actually fun. You know what? I'm gonna do that on the fly, so I don't forget to do it later. We are adding Ivica Zubatz to the doesn't matter club while we sit let me make sure I spell it right on my page here. While we talk on air, we have a new member. Mostly, you got Paul George, Kawhi, James Harden, and then keep an eye on Norman Stormin' Norman. Yeah. It's 6 three pointers, and he didn't really do anything else besides threes score efficiently. And that's fine, but it would be nice if there was, like, a rebound and assist, any kind of consistent defensive stats. He's a he's a tough one. I don't think I'm adding Norman Powell. Over on the Timberwolf side, the the general like, guys came back. That's the short version. Anthony Edwards was questionable. He played. Slow mo was questionable. He sort of played. Sounds like he may or may not be good for the next one. The what we talked about at the end of last week was yes. I spilled water all over my face if you guys saw that happening live on air. Nice work, Dan. I have what, I need to do an airplane bit here. I have a drinking problem. If slow mo misses the next ballgame you guys are just gonna watch me do this podcast wet now. If slow mo misses the next one, then Nas Reed would move back into a starting valuation. But as long as everybody is in all of the main cogs, then Nas goes back to the Fantasy bench. Mike Conley has cooled off a lot of late. He'll be fine. Yeah. Guys go through slumps. He'll be fine. Hold on to him. Detroit, they were able to hang in there for one half of basketball against Orlando, and then the ceiling caved in. Simone Fontecchio had 15 points in 33 bench minutes schedule play. Evan Fournier, 17 points in 26 bench minutes. Also, probably, sort of, teetering on the schedule play zone. You're not adding those guys in in unless Detroit has a, you know, particularly strong run coming up, and they don't really, not until at least next week. So and Roto's standpoint, none of those guys matter. Roto, the only guys you can play on this team are Kade, Duran, and probably Azar Thompson right now, who's kinda ratcheted it back up. You can see he's got a little more pep in his step. He's got the sort of unleashed, so to speak. That is not that he's gonna be like a monster, but he's not getting yanked around here anymore. And, you know, maybe I'm sure there'll be a game in there where he does get yanked around. But by and large, he's just gonna play starters minutes now, and I think that'll be good for his psyche. So, Thompson, Kade, Duran, those are the guys you trust on Detroit in sort of an all formats deal. And then you've got a host, like Jaden Ivey is a points league type of guy. Isaiah Stewart, Evan Fournier, Simone Vendecchio, we just talked about. Those are more schedule y. On the Orlando side, we got a big one out of Wendell Carter junior. It was extraordinarily efficient. He shot 5 for 7 from the field and 7 for 7 at the free throw line. That's just not gonna happen every day. This is the joys of playing against a a very bad Detroit Pistons team. And so for the Magic, Franz Wagner continues to basically be the only guy you can trust in 9 cat day to day. Gary Harris, should he actually get consistent minutes, would probably be the next one, which tells you that this is it's just not a team built for 9 cat fantasy. Paolo's a points league darling. Wendell Carter junior is more points leaguey. He had some defensive stats here, but he doesn't usually get them. False, it doesn't do a much enough day to day. His body doesn't handle it. Suggs is also sort of borderline, but, typically, the field goal percent weighs him down. Just leave him alone. I promise your life will be easier if you just leave him alone. No Nick Richards for the Charlotte Hornets. So Grant Williams now slid up and played small ball center, and it was sweet. He had 13 rebounds. And if that happens again, then Grant Williams is very much an all systems go. He didn't take any 3 pointers or sorry. He didn't hit any 3 pointers in this game is probably what I should say, which had kind of been his only fantasy note. When I pick up Grant Williams not knowing if he's gonna get the next start at center, I would not. They play tomorrow, and then they're off for 2 days. So it's not a great spot for head to head if you wanted to sort of pre add him on Roto and see, oh, well, Nick Richards missed another ballgame. Okay. Whatever. That's fine. Trey Man, I did tell you guys to sell high when you could. These will be the quieter ones. He's having a week or 2 of quiet, and then he will have a big game or 2, and then it'll be quiet again. And back and forth it goes. Vasilijevic, 12 and 6 with a couple of steals as a start in this ballgame. Keep an eye on that at the very least. I and I don't know that it's gonna be an everyday thing, but if suddenly he's playing 35 minutes, then he'd be an ad. Like, it'd be an easy one. I need to see it again. Guys are kinda in and out of the lineup here for Charlotte. They've they're shifting bodies around. I mean, Davis Berton's played 26 minutes, which I don't think we can expect to happen. But Midcic is the one that you're, I think, maybe more intrigued by. Grant Williams as well. There was no Seth Curry also in this one just for whatever that's worth. So they were down a few more bodies. But, yeah. I mean, starting level minutes for Vasiliya is absolutely worth a play in Fantasy for the assists, for the steals, for the sort of various stuffs, and then you just kinda have to hope that efficiency doesn't jump up and bite. Toronto, meanwhile, lost another player to injury. Jakob Poeltl, suffered a sprained finger or sorry, dislocated finger, I should say. He left at halftime. Kelly Olynyk only got 8 first half minutes after playing big minutes in the previous ball game, and then he played 18 in the second half. And they just they have nobody else at this point. So as much as Toronto was trying to keep Olenek shrink wrapped a little bit, he's gonna play, and he'll be one of my favorite plays for as long as Pirtle's out and possibly even after he comes back. Gary Trent also stepping up in a big, big way with no Scottie Barnes. His shots are gonna go up. His usage basically is gonna go up. So Gary Trent absolutely belongs on Fantasy rosters. He is an ad in every format right now. And, yeah, injury replacement stuff, but, I mean, Scottie Barnes, we might not see him for a month. So Olenek and Trent both, in my opinion, belong on rosters. Go heavy, go hard, get him on your team. Those are 2 of the bigger names to take away from today's show. The Knicks, lost Jalen Brunson 1 minute into this ballgame. It looked bad. They haven't said anything more than knee soreness right now, which, I mean, I don't know that I believe that to be true. Let's hope it is. On the Brunson front, Deuce McBride is your streaming fill in. He'll be solid. Knicks I what did the Knicks schedule look like this week? Yeah. Bad. They go one time over the next 4 days, and it's, 2 consecutive 3 game weeks. So kinda hard to add McBride for the entire week even though he's gonna put up some decent numbers. Roto, you could probably stream him. And if you wanted to go head to head, you'd probably do it on Friday, because at least then you get Friday, Sundays, or 2 games the last 3 days of the week. It might add a game to your ledger, but you certainly can't move to him now in head to head. And then Boyan Bogdanovic, keep an eye on that. Preciousachua's minutes were down in this ballgame. His production was nice, but they decided they need a little more scoring out there for a day, and so Boyan was that. Even still, I mean, this is the kind of game it's gonna take to even get him to the top 100. So you're not adding Bogdanovic, you're holding Precious, Josh Hart triple double, Dante DiVincenzo continues to go nuts. And then Isaiah Hartenstein is the other one. You know, I think you just kinda have to bench him. Head to head, you play him. You hope for the best. Take another sip without pouring it all over myself. Roto, I don't know how I I mean, I know this was a better ball game. He almost went slot machine style, 8, 7, and 8 with a couple of blocks. But if he's only getting 23, 24 minutes because of his sore Achilles, I just I don't know how you use him against your games cap right now. But I also don't know how you drop him. Because if he suddenly starts to feel better and the minutes tick back up into the high seventies or low thirties I mean, you saw earlier this year, he's a top 40 fantasy play in starters minutes. Mitchell Robinson might be coming back later this month. We still don't know. So I think you gotta hold somehow on Hartenstein. Cavaliers are once again without Donovan Mitchell and without Caris LeVert. Darius Garland was unable to do, carry it himself enough. Say Merrill hit 7 3 pointers. We've seen him go crazy when when a bunch of guys are down for the Cavs. Now he'd be a pretty intriguing threes streamer, and Cleveland has a pretty good schedule starting tomorrow. Problem, of course, is that Donovan Mitchell and LaVerg could resurface at any point, and then you'd be forced to abandon ship on that one. Same story for Isaac Okoro, who's gonna put up numbers in 35 minutes of ballgame. He just sort of has no choice but to do so. But this like, in the era of the long stream, if you're trying to stream a bunch of different slots for the playoffs and you're picking up a guy, you kinda wanna know that you're gonna be able to use him for 4 or 6 days. And if starters come back for this team or, I guess, we should say a starter, but 2 big usage guys, then it pushes everybody around on the totem pole. So I'm not using a move on a cavalier in head to head. I guess that'd be fine adding a coral if you needed a wing type of number against the game's cap. And then Max Truce, we've seen this before. He's actually better when the team is at full strength. He's more open. It's opener there in the wide open air. Indiana lost at San Antonio. My precious Pacers over wager. This was supposed to be one that they could just put in the bank. They did not, 34 and 28. It doesn't seem like Halliburton is fully healthy, which I think is I mean, I guess he could just be in a slump, but it also I I don't know. Has he been fully healthy since the injury, whatever it was, month and a half ago, something like that? Needless to say, Indy's gone to sort of backup point guards more lately. TJ McConnell's had a number of very good games in a row and, you know, shout out to TJ because we haven't really been doing our job talking about it, but he's been very good of late. And the minutes haven't been that big or anything, but they've been just a tiny bit bigger to make it worthwhile. Like, just the just the littlest amount is all it took. His minutes were you know? And sometimes he played, sometimes he didn't. 15, 16, 17, 18 points. In the last 4 games, it's 20, 19, 17, and 27. And, yeah, he's top 60 over those that week and a half. It's gonna come and go. It'll fluctuate. He's on a very hot run right now. But if you badly need assists and steals on decent field goal percent, then you got a possible play. With, again, the caveat, Indiana schedule stinks. This was another one where you're sort of targeting a particular set of stats more so on roto than head to head. Bennett Matherin still got 32 minutes here, somewhat surprising. I don't know that Andrew Nembhard, I guess, is probably the guy you'd point to and say this guy lost out on minutes. Matherin is a drop, by the way, with Aaron Nesmith back. It's if you haven't done it already, it's just a matter of time. Nesmith is a very soft hold if you can do it. Probably a streamable slot in head to head given their poor schedule this week, but if you can hang on, and certainly on the roto side, you should try to. Holy crap. Victor Wabanyama again. Everybody's rocketed up a fantasy leaderboard as fast as this dude. He's passed Donovan Mitchell now. He's just on the rise. He's number 7 in 9 cat. It's crazy. Not adding Malachi Branham, not adding Jeremy Sohan, not adding Kelvin Johnson, barely hanging on to Trey Jones, but I think softest of soft holds there. And, so you're basically going Wenby and Vassell and then maybe Trey Jones. This is the biweekly Lew Dort slightly better ballgame. You can ignore that. Shea, monster. Jalen Williams, monster. No notes on OKC. We don't have to talk about them. 31 rebounds for Yousef Nurkic. That's notable. His team lost, but he was a plus 10 in a game they lost by 8. That is not good news if you're or Drew Eubanks. Basically, like, look, we can't win without and and Phoenix, they're, you know, they're fine when they're fully healthy. They're fine. They're pretty good when they're fully healthy, but they have no depth at all. So when, you know, one guy is out or whatever it is, it they get hit, especially when it's Booker. Because KD looks a little tired this last week or 2. Bradley Beal was good. Anyway, point is, you're starting Royce O'Neal still with Booker out. KD and Beal, obviously. Nurk, obviously. Grayson Allen had some defensive stats here. He has kinda slowed over the last week. I would say try desperately to hold on to Grayson Allen. He's had a really good season overall. Couple of down ball games. Okay. I get it. Like, you need more day to day, and Phoenix is coming off a really good schedule week, and they're sliding now into kind of a crummy one this week. So I get it. You might be able to pick somebody up like Brooklyn who has 5 games for Grayson's 3. That's probably a move you could do. But if you can hang on, I think you should do it. Also, we heard before the ball game that Eric Gordon was gonna be on a minute's limit, and then he played 30 off the bench. So I I guess not. I don't like Eric Gordon's fantasy game. I've said that a 100 times on the show. But if you need 3 pointers real bad, and it sounds like Booker's gonna miss at least a week, Gordon probably can give you those, even if the percentages end up suffering. Let's go back to Saturday. It was a quiet one. That's why we're gonna have a few things to talk about on Friday. Also, hey, shout out to the, much larger live viewing audience on this one than we've had lately. Welcome back, apparently, everybody to Fantasy Basketball. You make my heart skip a beat. A reminder, mid show, please do follow me over on social at danbesperus, and also take a moment to like and subscribe if you're new. There's always one new person out there. I know there's one new person. Please like and subscribe. Subscribe being the bigger thing, like being the the smaller. If you're just, like, you know what? I don't know if I'm gonna subscribe to all of these. But I did like this one. So, you know, like the link on Twitter or like the YouTube page or whatever it is. Show that love in some small way that continues to help us grow. But, obviously, if you really do like what we're doing here, you gotta hit that subscribe button. That's that's extremely important. Also, mid show reminder for those that are joining us late, do indeed check out the baseball draft guide. The Orico 250 is going in there later today. Oh, yes. Joe Orico's top 250 for your baseball draft. I know some of you guys watching or listening to this show play Fantasy Baseball also, and that's the place you can go get some really awesome stuff. Again, if you already have an NBA pass, you can upgrade and get baseball and football added onto it for $1 a month. And if you don't have either, it's a great time to get something and jump aboard and help sports ethos grow and support the people and website that you guys love so much. Let's talk about Saturday. Atlanta, the lack of Trae Young starting to catch up with him a little bit, but I don't think I'm gonna change my valuation much. You got Jalen Johnson. You got Deandre Hunter. You got Bogey. You got Capela. You got Dejounte Murray. You got Sadik Bey. All of those guys are startable, with this sort of footnote that Hunter and Bey are probably more in the kind of doesn't matter range, but probably towards the front end of it with Trey out. Keep that in mind. And then Brooklyn, well, they've got a great fantasy week coming up because they play 5 times this week. We don't know what the deal is with Cam Thomas. We might see him later this week. We might not. As it stands, if you're head to head mode, any of those 5 starters is a go, because, you know, you're talking about 150 plus minutes this week for those dudes. And, frankly, Dennis Smith junior in 5 games probably gets you close to a 100 minutes. That's pretty damn good. You could even dip as deep as Deron Sharp who puts up numbers in 14, 15, 16 minutes of all game. Just just know he's gonna hurt your free throw percent, and that would be if you're kinda hunting rebounds and blocks and field goal percent. He he's iffy. But, I mean, 5 games, you can work a lot of magic with 5 games. Roto side, I don't know that I'm starting Doreen Finney Smith. The other 4 starters, I would definitely use in roto, with Cam Thomas and Ben Simmons out. That's Bridges, Cam Johnson, who's been great with Cam Thomas, not around, Claxton, and and Schroeder, and then Doreen Finney Smith is sort of borderline. Although, you could probably play him in all formats just because they've they've trimmed the rotation down, and he's getting 34 minutes of ballgame lately. Yeah. I'm fine with that. Utah, is leaning even a little harder into the tank. Lauri Markkanen is out with a right quad issue. We don't know for how long, but we do know that he's out for at least a ballgame. Keontae George is on the injury report with an illness, so that's not a tank move. That's a young guy that they're winning giving the the basketball to. He had a big ball game. 31 points on Saturday. Great sell high opportunity on Keontae. This is the moment. John Collins, if you could sell I mean, a lot of trade deadlines have passed. Some of them are still are still gone. If you can't sell high, then you just sort of hold on and and hope Keontay can ride a wave. Taylor Hendrix had 13 boards in a couple of blocks. That was interesting. And, with Markkanen out, you can sort of assume that everybody else is gonna get a little bit more to do. Sounds like Jordan Clarkson might be back for this ball game, but it also sounds like Walker Kessler is still out. So what do you do? Roto, Colin Sexton, John Collins, maybe Keontae George. Head to head, definitely all of those guys, and then you can add probably Hendrix and Clarkson into the mix and just kinda hope that they can rack up a few stats. Utah has a 3 game week that gets really bad, after Wednesday, and they play 2 games over 8 days after that. Brutal for head to head. Kayla Martin got hot for the heat in this ball game, but you're not adding him because he played 23 bench minutes. You're going, the starters minus Nikola Jovic. So Jimmy Butler, Bam Adebayo, Terry Rozier, Duncan Robinson until Tyler Herro comes back, then you just start Herro and you bench Duncan Robinson. Portland, they're deep into the tank now. Jeremy Grant official officially had some right quad soreness. He ain't gonna push his way through. Played 15 minutes before deciding that was good. And all of the guys that I mentioned, whatever it was, before the trade deadline as being, like, 3 or 4 injuries away, they're all on the table now, because everybody's gone for the Blazers. Grant is probably gonna miss some time. Scoot is still out. Brogdon's still out. Ayton's still out. Sharp is still out. I mean, you got a whole starting 5, basically, on the shelf, which means, for 1, if Anthony Simons is healthy enough to play for Portland this week, he's gonna take 25 shots a ball game. But it also means you can probably trust 2 Manny Camara. That'd be my second favorite guy to use on the team. It's a big drop off between Simons and Camara, but we've seen his fantasy game translate relatively well. Jabari Walker needs a lot of usage to get there, and he had it in this ball game. He got 16 shots up. So if you think he's gonna get in that 14 to 16 shot range, Jabari Walker would also be a thumbs up. Duwop brief is a thumbs down for me. He did enough in this one, but the minutes don't seem locked in. If someone could tell me he was gonna get 29 minutes, I'd say go on duwop wreath. But it seems like even when he starts, he still only gets 24, 25. Matisse Steibel is questionable as well. If he plays, he would probably get 30 minutes, and he'd be a great defensive stats stream. And, I admit, I don't know how to pronounce Ashton Hagans. I'm gonna go with Hagans. It might be Hoggins or Haggins. He had a really nice game here. Really great fantasy line, but that's the kind of thing I'm gonna need to see again before I do anything with it. But boy, oh, boy, has Portland gone full tank now. Not to be outdone, although kind of outdone in this ballgame, Memphis brought a couple of their, older guys older. And Jon Konchar and Luke Kennard came back for this ballgame. Jaren Jackson was out. Zaire Williams left partway, made it through most of the ballgame first. So Memphis continues to be an extraordinarily difficult team to handicap, more than, like, an hour before their game starts. So they are in Brooklyn tonight, and they have a 4 game week, but I don't know if Jordan Goodwin's gonna play in all 4 of those games. If he does, he'd be an awesome head to head play. Goodwin, very much a go in roto. Because if he doesn't play, you just, you know, save that game's cap for later. Santi Aldama, great play when j j j is out, which I don't know how many times that's gonna happen this week, but keep Aldama ready to deploy. Vince Williams is an every dayer along with j j j when he plays, and Goodwin. Those 3 guys are every dayers. The borderline guys are Aldama, who's a goal when j j j is out, Kennard, who's missing a lot of games, and then, like, he took 2 shots in 28 minutes in this one. So I I mean, he can he's in tank mode. And you could use Kennard for some assists and some threes, but don't expect much else. Gigi Jackson is exclusively a points lead guy because all he really does is score, so I'm not super into that. And then, Conchar is your across the board guy, but his minutes are not safe enough, so probably not there either. Did you guys follow that? I can do it again real fast. Guys to start, if they're in the starting lineup, Goodwin, jjj, Vince Williams junior. Guys to start, if Jaren Jackson junior is out would be Aldama, and then everybody else is sort of borderline. Safe? Cool? Okay. Denver beat the Lakers, same formula as always. Tie game until the last 3 minutes, and then they win by 10. That's the craziest thing that this happens every single time the Lakers and the Nuggets play each other. Every time. 6, 7 games in a row, the Lakers and the Nuggets have been tied at the 3 minute mark, and then the Nuggets win by almost double digits or double digits in this one. They were very much powered by Nikola Jokic and Michael Porter junior. MPJ went 10 for 10 in this ballgame, including 5 3 pointers. That's a real good Fantasy line. That's the best that's all you can say. He jumped himself back up to number 66 in 9 cat, and he's played in 60 ballgames this year. People were, like, kinda hating on him for a stretch this year in Fantasy. Oh my gosh. Should I move on? No. He's number 43 by totals. An impressive year for him. Anyway, Justin Holiday had some big shots off the bench. Basically, he became the KCP fill in because Christian Brown, wasn't playing all that well. And, honestly, Holiday kinda saved the day. If he doesn't hit those threes in the middle of the ballgame, the Lakers were up double digits for a while. And then, you know, Jamal Murray did Jamal Murray stuff against the Lakers because he always does. Even Aaron Gordon like, the Lakers gotta figure out how to get a rebound. They gotta re outrebounded by 16. I was actually at this ballgame. It was very cool. I had a I had an absolute blast. A friend of mine was able to kinda hook things up where I was able to go down and hang out courtside before the ballgame. I it was it was really cool. As far as the Lakers go, really had a great ballgame, but it wasn't enough. And then the Lakers inexplicably went to Cam Reddish down the stretch instead of D'Angelo Russell. I mean, this is, like, criminal level rotations. Why Max Christie doesn't get to play a minute over Prince or Reddish or Dinwiddie? I I just I mean, I guess at least with Dinwiddie, he's a creator. But, like, Reddish legitimately can't catch passes. He doesn't belong in there. He's not big enough to rebound, and he's not offensively skilled enough to use be useful on that. Like, if you're gonna say, okay, well, Jared Vanderbilt is not very good on offense. Yeah. But guess what? He gets offensive rebounds and putbacks. And he these guys both get steals, but one of them gets rebounds, putbacks, and can defend slightly bigger dudes. Even Dinwiddie. I'd rather have Dinwiddie in there over Reddish. That's silliness. Utter silliness. Anyway, you're not playing Rui every day. This is the sort of explosion game he'll be I mean, he scores. Yeah. With this starting unit, he'll score, but there ain't a whole lot else going on. So the usuals for the Lakers. Rockets over Phoenix. Jalen Green had one of his bigger ball games, and these come from time to time. If you still have a trade deadline intact, see if you can move him. Pretty easy call there. Aman Thompson, 21 minutes, and just oh, man. This kid's gonna have some great fantasy lines in his career. The minutes are not super safe right now, and that's why I don't think I can call him a hold. What did he play? Like, 8, 9 minutes in one of those other ball games recently? Oh, man. It's so hard though, because his game is so neat. Fantasy translatable. I just don't see how his minutes get above about 20 with the whole starting 5 healthy on this team. And 20 will be enough on some days like this one, but on others, it won't be. And then it's gonna probably level off to outside everyday startable, but damn. I wish I could make a really good argument to hang on. Houston does have a good head to head schedule this week starting tomorrow, so there's a reason. But then they go back to a 3 game week after that. Womp womp. We already talked about Phoenix. So let's go back to Friday where there were 5 teams didn't play over the weekend. Can you remember them? Because I actually wrote them down this time. Here we go. Chicago, Milwaukee, New Orleans, Sacramento, Washington. Five teams did not play over the weekend. Let's go to Chicago question mark? Alright. They played the Bucks? This is not Friday. That's why it was confusing. Where is Chicago on this screen so I can zip down? There we go. There's their ballgame down near the end of the board. So Milwaukee, no massive surprises there. Giannis was Goliath in this game, but you're effectively starting for the 5 stars. Jae Crowder is the one that you're not playing for Milwaukee. That's a pretty easy one until Middleton comes back, and then you probably take Beasley out. And then for Chicago, Alex Caruso played, which is good. When he plays, that means that Drummond is not gonna get to do as much. Andre actually still played 24 minutes. He and, Caruso kind of splitting time right now, which is super weird. I know. But Caruso comes out, Drummond comes in, and then everybody else sort of slides down a roster spot. So if Alex plays 30 minutes, you know, Drummond is not gonna get to do enough. If Caruso can only go 25 like he did in this one, then Drummond can kind of teeter on the edge of Fantasy value. But as we've talked about on the show before, you're mostly targeting the games for Chicago against big, big, big, big, big front courts. That's where you use Drummond. What are the other teams I talked about? Sacramento, Washington. Let's go to Washington. We're speed deming our way through this this Friday. Washington, it sounds like Bilal is back for the Wizards' next ball game. That's reason enough for me to pause on starting Corey Kispert against a games cap. You can keep streaming him if you want because the Wizards have a pretty good schedule this week. It's a 4 gamer. I'm trying to remember yeah. They go every other day, and then it's a 4 gamer next week as well. So you can hang on to Kispert in those formats, but Roto, probably not. Jordan Poole off the bench continues to be much more interesting than Jordan Poole as a starter, so hold on to him. Avdi as a hold. Bagley's a hold. Kuzma's a hold. Tyus Jones as a hold. And that ought to be that. Where was Sacramento? Where is their game? Sacramento is down there near the bottom also. They're the Kings. Malik Monk had 39 in this one with no Doctor and Fox who may or may not be back for their next ball game. If Fox is out, you just get more out of Monk, more out of Keegan, more out of Sabonis, more out of Herder, typically, more out of Barnes. You're not playing Davion Mitchell even though he he was okay in this ball game. You're not playing Barnes. You could probably play Herder when Fox is out. I think when Fox comes back, I might consider sitting herder because it seems like his hot run has kinda cooled off. And then, yes, I know Malik Monk went giant in this one, but continues to profile better as a head to head guy than a roto guy. And I believe Sacramento has kind of a good schedule to start this week. Yeah. 3 in the first four, and then they're off for a couple of days. So if you got those Kings, the this is not a time to move on from them. If you're talking Roto side, Monk is a coin flip. I can't really tell you if the answer is yes or no on a given night. You could look at the opponent and say, Chicago, Ireland should be a lot of points. Does that mean, like, you lean towards yes? Probably. But you guys, I think, catch my meaning on that one. And the Peli's the Peli's, New Orleans in this one. Rotations were a little bit more normal with the exception of Zion, who only played 21 minutes. This game was a blowout, so they were able to give guys a little bit of breathing room. And I think that probably helped to Trey Murphy who had 6 3 pointers, 28 and 7. Huge ball game for him. He's been on a pretty vicious heater. You go ahead and you play Trey, until the heater runs out. And when it does, you'll see his minutes taper off as well because the main guys are back for this team now. You know, McCollum came back, and that is sort of what changed the balance. But, you know, Zion will get a game off here and there. And if anybody gets hurt, then you've got Trae sort of ready to roll. JV bounced back as expected after that weird game where he barely did where he barely played at all, and, not much changes there. You're still using Herb Jones who was quiet in this ballgame, but also apparently played the best defense in the history of man on Tyrese Halliburton. And so, you know, that's why Herb is gonna be in there even if he cools off a little bit, but he's rolling these days, and so you gotta roll with him as well. Let's take a quick gander over at the chat room, see if anybody, brought up a topic that I forgot to cover. Enough with enough with Kelly Olynyk, please. We get it. He's the next Michael Jordan. No. I'll never stop talking about Kelly Olynyk. It's it's a joke at this point. And if you guys are not enjoying the joke, then you're listening to the show incorrectly. Kelly's fantasy game is crazy good. That's the bottom line. Even on a day where he almost effectively tried not to do stuff, he still managed to put up a fantasy line. And there's just nobody in his way anymore, so you kinda have no choice at this point, which I thought was the case when Barnes went out, but they were gonna try to keep him limited there also. Now they got no choice. Let's see here. Oh, a question about the Dodgers. I can't I can't. I know I know yellow mamba. I I believe me, I'm gonna try to watch the Mookie Ohtani Freeman top 3 as often as humanly possible. Why sell high on Keontae George? So if you're in a points league, the answer is you don't need to. But if you're in a traditional 9 cat league, it's because there are holes in his fantasy game that get overlooked because he's gonna take a lot of shots. That's the short version. He's not a great defensive stats guy. We've seen that now. I think we have enough of a sample size to say that he doesn't really get that many. He had a 2 game stretch right before the, all star break where he had 5 steals in 2 games. And since that point, he has 3 over 6 games. These things have a way of leveling out. So, you know, we're talking probably one steal or less. He doesn't block shots, which is fine because he's a point guard. But he's shooting, kind of a high volume, and I know he was hotter in this last ballgame, but kind of a high volume 40%. So he's a punt field goal guy. But, again, he's gonna score a bunch, and he's gonna get some assists because he's running point a bunch of the time that he's on the floor. And a lot of teams are over to willing to overlook that stuff. If you can find a team in your league that's punting field goal, they'll give you a lot for Keontae George. But it doesn't even necessarily have to be that. Someone's just gonna see the numbers he's putting up and say, oh, 30 some odd points, whatever the number was in that last 31 points. They're gonna just want a guy who scores 31 points. They're not even gonna care how it got there. They're not gonna care that the previous 3 ball games he shot 13 for 30. Nope. 13 for 40. Excuse me. 13 for 40. 13 for 30 wouldn't have been all that bad. Like, they're not gonna consider the fact that the aggregate of the last 4 ball games is outside the top 150. They're gonna see the last one game, and you can milk that because the turnovers are gonna be very high while he's playing point. The steals are gonna be low. The free throw's fine, at least that's good. And you're gonna get points, you're gonna get threes, and you're gonna get some assists, but he does things that can break you also and why it's gonna be really hard for him to settle inside anything better than, like, top 90. Hopefully, that made sense. Just as a math game. Should I hold on to Marvin yeah. I answered that question. The answer is yes. Hold on to Bagley. And, yes, I I Chris, I know you were joking about Kelly Olynyk. I'm just wondering if if other people are newer that are hearing me talk about him, and they're like, why is this guy so obsessed with Olynyk? It's it's a running gag at this point. But I do think he needs to be on rosters. Yeah. I think that's I think those are the only names that I didn't cover in-depth that I still could. Good questions over there. If you got further questions, throw them in the comments section. I'll try to get to those at some point after the fact, and or you could try to get me over in Discord. That link is in the show description or on Twitter or whatever. But I do miss a lot of this stuff on Twitter these days, because the notifications are a little wacky. Shout out to our buddies atmanscaped.com. Use promo code ethos 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order there. Again, an end of show reminder to go get yourself a baseball draft guide. Upgrade from the NBA pass to the All Sport pass for $1 a month. It's a ridiculous deal, and you guys should probably take it. I'm gonna go, stretch, because I'm old, and my body hurts. And then I'll do a little lunch. And early this afternoon, we'll try to get a weekly streaming show going, and then we'll have some daily streaming shows the next few days after today as well. So, we got a lot on the docket. This is just the first of many, what I believe will be a 9 show week. Playoff start, good luck. Come on back. Join us for that, you know, 15 minute quick hitter later on playoff schedule, and, we'll get you situated there. Have a great one, everybody. See you soon.