Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright, what's happening everybody? Welcome. Welcome, welcome. It's Fantasy NBA Today. Start of week 24, officially. 23rd period. It's the finals for Yahoo Leagues. It's, 2nd to last week. No matter how you slice it, penultimate is the word. A lot of people like that word. I find it just fine. I'm agnostic towards the word. Penultimate. It's a good one, though. Means the second to last. And that's where we're at, folks. We got 2 weeks left of the NBA season. We're 90% of the way through. Just a handful of games left for most of these teams. 7 or 8. That's pretty much it for everybody in the league. Gonna talk about the stretch run. This is it. On this show today, we're gonna be recapping the weekend. We'll go through all 30 teams just the way we've done basically every Monday all season long minus the all star break. And we'll get you the ads. We'll get you the drops. We'll get you situated for how to attack this week. And then later on this afternoon, I am trying to figure out exactly what time that'll be. Probably 1:30 ish, 1:32 Pacific time. We'll have a streaming show, just like we've been doing last 3 or 4 weeks on that front. Try to do them as often as I can. We have managed to squeeze out a couple of quick ones over the weekend, and we'll do that again today. Although this one will have a look kind of at the entirety of the week. It'll be more of a weekly preview show and streaming analysis all rolled together. And, again, that'll be, later on this afternoon. And I I got a couple of questions before we dive into the actual meat and potatoes of this show on why I've split them up. And, honestly, it was looking at shows from previous seasons, basically, where I did shows around this time of year where I tried to mash it all together, and I found myself rushing unnecessarily to try to get it all together in, you know, 45 to 55 minutes. And on top of that, I don't have a producer. I am the producer of this show. So when I'm off on a tangent or rant, whatever, I don't generally have the presence of mind to go look at the YouTube feed and see oh, time stamp it. Because what would be really nice, the easiest way to do this would be to do one giant show, but also time stamp where all the different things are happening. But I don't have time for that, because I don't wanna listen back to the whole thing. I don't wanna listen to myself talk for 45 minutes twice in the same day. Heaven helped me, heaven helped all of you to go say, oh, this is where Dan talks about this game, and this is where Dan talks about streaming, and this is where we get into the ads. So instead, I just split it up. However long this first show goes, it goes. I'm not rushing it. I do it at whatever pace I want. And then those that are interested in the streaming side, they can get into the second show. And those are almost always gonna be between 10 and 20 minutes long. They're pretty quick. One commercial break in the middle. That's it. So that's why I split them up. It's just sort of an organizational thing. I think it's easier for you guys. Roto folks can focus more on the first one. They don't even have to listen to the second show if they don't want to. I don't know. Maybe they do. Head to head folks, you guys can do both or just the second one. It's kind of an on demand listening experience. That was the goal here. Let's get into the weekend. We'll go through the games in reverse chronological order. You guys know how this works by this point. And then at the end of it all, we'll play the game that I like to call, who didn't play on Saturday or Sunday. Dan always forgets. But luckily, late this season, I've had the streaming schedule up on my computer at all times, so I can very quickly pull up the 4 teams. I already know there were 4 teams that didn't play Saturday or Sunday and, make me look like less of a disorganized goof. Cleveland smoked in Denver. Let's just dive right oh, by the way, I'm at Dan Vesper on Twitter. Many of you are watching over there these days, which is super cool, although I don't think it, does quite as much for the, the old advertisers' pocketbook, if you know what I mean. But many of you guys are watching on Twitter. I would strongly advise those of you that are watching on social media to go subscribe on YouTube or, iTunes or Spotify or something like that so you guys can get alerts. Because there will be shows in the off season that don't go live on social, or YouTube, frankly. There will be some we do that are audio only. Because in the off season, ain't nobody watching fantasy basketball stuff on YouTube. I'm gonna try to do as many as I can this way, but it also gets super complicated when I'm, like, working off of an Excel file, and it's getting really into the weeds. Anyway alright. Alright. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Doc fantasy basketball. Caris Laverne had a big ball game. That won't happen very often with Donovan Mitchell back. There is concern that Spy to get some games off here and there. Cleveland has a back to back coming up at Utah at Phoenix. If he's gonna skip either of them, it would probably be the Utah half, although it does kinda feel like they need wins right now. So we'll see how that goes. Suffice it to say that for Lavert, he becomes a little bit more of a, you know, shot in the dark kinda guy. You're hoping for some steals, which you got in this ballgame. You're praying the efficiency doesn't get ruined, which also did happen in this ballgame. It stayed good. And then if, you know, if that works, then you get a couple points, couple boards, couple of assists. For my dollar, it's too risky. Max Struss, now that he's playing again and his body looks better, he again hit more than 50% of his shots. Although this time, it was only 5 of them. I think I don't know that he's quite all the way above the start everywhere line. He's probably gonna land in the 100 to 130 range, which technically makes him kind of, like, a front ender of the doesn't matter group. So there, you're targeting threes, and just kinda like a little bit of all things. But, again, these are guys for those that need to be reminded, the doesn't matter group this time of year are really the category hunting group. They're 1 and the same. So if you're category hunting some threes, Max Druce makes some sense there. I only had one in this ballgame. He'll also give you a little bit of some other stuff as well. He's not quite as, you know, unidimensional, mono dimensional. Biffed that one. Anyway, let's keep going. For Denver, there's very little to talk about. Reggie Jackson is filling in for Jamal Murray. He scored a bunch in this ballgame. Super risky fill in play. Again, category hunting. Points and assists. That's it. That's what you're going for with Reggie, and you can't be attacking anything else because he's almost never gonna give you anything else. Otherwise, everything same old, same old for the Denver Nuggets. Big news of the morning, and I don't know why I didn't start with this, probably because I had all these other things that I wanted to kick around in my brain. Joel Embiid might be back for Philly's next ball game on Tuesday, which is going to dramatically change how the shots are allocated on this club. Although it's worth mentioning, he's not gonna come in and play 35 minutes right out of the chute. You're probably gonna get 18 out of him in that first ball game. So I don't think today is the day to make big adjustments to what you're doing with the 70 sixers other than, obviously, Embiid is now starting, and Mo Bamba and Paul Reed are now fighting for the backup minutes together. Brutal. If you have Paul Reed or Mo Bamba, you can probably move on at this point. Reed has been barely able to hang on for the last couple of weeks on blocks, basically. I don't know how many weeks in a row I've said I have this weird sinking feeling about Paul Reed maintaining fantasy value, and he made it almost the whole way. Barely. Barely. But now, no. Bomba, no. Healed, no. Campaign, scored 24 points filling in for Tyrese Maxi. But, honestly, between those two guys, Payne and Lowry with the other one who had 11 and 10, I'd rather go Kyle Lowry because he gets the assists and he gets steals. Whereas Payne, it's you're just praying he shoots the ball well from the field on whatever one game you're starting him in. And he did in this one, but he usually doesn't. Campaign is much better for points leagues than 9 Cat. Well, I mean, I Tyreke Maxey could be back to the next ballgame as well, so I don't know this is a situation where you make a move ahead of time. But if you're assist hunting, Lowry would probably be the guy, in that department. You're not adding Nick Patoum, and you can probably play Kelly Oubre for one more ballgame at least while we wait for Embiid to get acclimated, especially here with no Embiid or Maxey. Iyun, Oubre was gonna get a lot of shots, and he had himself a giant ballgame as a result. Toronto will be getting back both Emmanuel Quickley and RJ Barrett for their game against the lakers tomorrow as I mean, that's just the way that it works. If the lakers are coming, you're getting everybody fired up. That's it's classic, man. Start your guys again. These guys have been out for weeks, and then the Lakers show up, and they're all back in there. Kelly Olynyk, he's a start. I keep getting questions. I mean, look. The reason his his value isn't as high as usual is that it's being kind of artificially deflated by horrible turnovers right now, but he's doing all this across the board stuff. And, like, this is a this is a monster game. Without the turnovers, it's a goliath of a ball game. Even with them, it's a damn good one. Gary Trent is gonna score a bunch of points. He's gonna hit some threes. He'll get you a couple of steals. He's startable as well. Bruce Brown had a nice game, but with Quickley and Barrett coming back, that's a no. Frankly, Gary Trent probably slides back towards barely startable with Quickley and and, Barrett in, but I think Trent probably does still stay above that cut line. Hella Lynek might get better if he has actual, like, legitimate NBA players to throw a ball to get assists. He's he's Kelly's gonna pile up assists right now. You can keep an eye on Jordan Warra, Jevon Freeman, Liberty if you want, but, again, with guys coming back that and Grady Dick, same story. Those guys are just they don't belong even on your radar. I think you'll start a linac, Trent, Quickley, and Barrett. And Barrett is points league only. Miami beat Washington, no surprise there. How they got there was a little bit interesting because Nikola Jovitch had a decent game. Dylan Wright had a pretty good ballgame. Haywood Highsmith had 10 and 4 again. But guess what? You know who doesn't care and has 2 thumbs? This guy. Rozier, Bam, Jimmy, those are the easy ones, and Duncan Robinson's back. So there's good news on the Duncan Robinson front. If he was abandoned in any of your leagues, go check around. He don't have a particularly great schedule this week, but, certainly more so on the roto side. And they play 4 games, so at least you got that. I'm guessing Duncan Robinson probably got dropped in a few spots. If he did, go ahead and pick him up. He played well when he was in there and Hero was out. He's just been down for whatever it is, you know, week and a half, two weeks or so prior to that. And he's done a really nice job of doing other stuff besides just taking 3 pointers this year. Now the threes are still good. He's still hitting 3 of them a ball game, but the reason that his field goal percent is back up from 37 last year to 46 this year is that he's started to take some 2 pointers again. And it's not like it's not that big of a change, but this is a guy Robinson was taking, like, 85% of his shots from 3 point land. And this year, it's at, like, 70. It's small, but it's notable. He's attacking more, and he's shooting 40% from downtown, so he's back up kinda where he belongs there. But he's attacking more, and it's good for his field goal percent. And so then it kind of becomes good for all the other stuff that's going on. His scoring is better. He's just under his career high, which was set back in 19, 1920. 20, 1920, at 13.5 points. His series at 13.4, and he maybe gets above that if Tyler Herro doesn't come back this regular season. I know it wasn't a good ball game yesterday. I sorta don't care on that front. And, again, you're gonna get a lot of 3 pointers out of him regardless because the numbers are better for Robinson when he's starting, which is happening. Now these moments, it's you know, I don't know that he gets above, like, top 90 ish range, but I would say generally good enough to start in most formats unless you very much do not need 3 pointers at all. That's the way that this is like, okay. I'll let I'll let somebody else deal with this one. If you don't need 3 pointers, even the tiniest bit, because a a lot of his value is derived from that category even if there is some other stuff available as well. For the Wiz, Kyle Kuzma was out. It was his heel instead of his shoulder this time. We'll see if that changes the way that they're utilizing him this week. Corey Kispert got his 13 shots up, missed his free throws. I mean, this is is, like, the free throw thing with Kispert is super weird. But, look, when Kuzma's out, Kispert is generally a start, and he played 41 minutes. Almost anybody in the NBA who clears 40 minutes in a ballgame is fantasy startable, almost. So Kispert might be an ad for the week because we don't know if Kuzma's he might be done. We'll see. Jordan Poole's still going. Deni Abia's still going. Marvin Bagley is back to starting with no Rashaun Holmes. So Bagley is very much an ad right now. While we wait and see what goes on with Reshaun, we'll see if that flip flops at some point this week, so kinda stay tuned on that. If Poole shuts it down at some point, and he hasn't yet, Jared Butler would be the interesting ad because he's been racking up assists in his limited work off the bench, but we do need another guy or 2, maybe even out of the way for Jared Butler to be worth an actual fantasy ad. So for now, Marvin Bagley's the ad. Kispert is a stream with Kuzma out, and then Pula and Avdia just continue to kinda rumble along in whatever clip you call a rumble. If Itza Zubatz is your big man play like we've talked about for a week, he's in one of his little warm up grooves. Happens about 3 times every season for Zubatz, and it's happening now. Otherwise, you just start the stars on the Clippers. Over on the Charlotte side of Azilie Mitsich, Nick Richards just it did this happened within the last oh, Joel Embiid, by the way, just got ruled out within the last 2 minutes. He will not play, in the sixers next ball game. So it was close, but not quite. So Embiid is gonna miss one more. Tyrese Maxey is questionable, so he might be back for that one. So you can continue to do what you were doing with Philly for at least one more game, that again, being tomorrow. Nick Richards, Basilia Matich, each, listed as questionable. Aleksey Pokrzyzewski doubtful for the Charlotte Hornets for the next ballgame. What does that mean? Well, Grant Williams becomes an excellent one game play for Charlotte. Do they play today or tomorrow? They play today, so you may not have time to make that move. But if you can, Grant Williams sliding up and getting the center minutes has been very, very good for his fantasy value. So you go Miles Bridges, Grant Williams in this game with Richards, questionable. If he gets ruled out, I should say forgot to mention that. Whoops. Let's assume let's say Nick Ratchard Ratchards? I'm struggling, guys. Let's say Nick Richards is out for their ballgame tonight, then you go Grant Williams. Otherwise, Grant is more of a 3 point stream. Bridges, Brandon Miller, those guys are starters, whatever. Mitcic is a is an assists stream right now. Trey Mann is kind of your little bit across the board, hope for okay percentages every night kinda play. Low floor, kinda low ceiling. You guys remember at the all star break, I said I wasn't excited about these dudes, Trey Mann, Keontae, George. I tried to level off everybody's expectations of dudes that had never really put up consistent numbers, and they did it for, like, a week, and then everybody told me I was wrong. And now, you know, who's not wrong anymore? There's a chance that Davis Bruton's would be a 3 point play if Richards sits. And, I mean, look. You can play Trey Mann if you want. You can get a few rebounds, few assists, and a steal. That's fine. But he's in a category hunting group of players along with most of these guys. Not all of them, but many. That's why this this type of show is actually kinda hard to do right now because so many of the options are just category hunters. Miles Bridges, Brandon Miller, those guys are plays. Grant Williams would be a play in all formats if Richards hits. If it's not, he's category hunting threes and some boards on okay percentages. And Nick Richards is hunting boards and field goal percent if he plays. And Midcic is hunting assists if he plays, and Trae Mann is hunting some boards and some assists and a steal if he plays. None of these guys is a guy that's gonna make or break your team on the head to head side. But, again, like, you play these guys, and if you're attacking certain categories, that's what you get. Rui Hachimori. He sort of got challenged by his team to go get some damn rebounds. This happens a couple of times this season with Rui where somebody yells at him. Hey. You can't just stand there. You're, like, 69610. Go get a board. And he does it for a few games, and then he kinda throttles back down again. So you could probably play Ruhi right now for points, good percentages, and boards, but just understand that the boards might evaporate before your eyes as soon as their next ball game. We just don't know when that's gonna disappear. D'Angelo Russell hit 10,000 points in his NBA career. Congrats to D'Lo. And for the Lakers, you know, for the for the moment, you can start all 5 starters. Although, I I think we know that Ruiz is the guy that tapers off here as, as time elapses. For the Brooklyn Nets, Cam Johnson is out. He'll get a rest day. Dennis Smith Junior has been dealing with some hip soreness, but he didn't really play anyway. Trenton Watford had a big one off the bench. Don't care. Mickel Bridges can't shoot. It's been a rough year for him. But you play Bridges. You play Cam Thomas. You play Nick Claxton. I think Dennis Schroeder, well, with Johnson and Dennis Smith junior both back out, Schroder is playable again. When those guys are in, the other Cam, Cam Johnson and Dennis Smith, I I just I don't think there's enough point guard stuff left. Not that, like, those guys are point guards or anything, but they're just more dudes to share the basketball with. Cam Thomas being there is the one immediately that turned Schroder from an everyday guy to a barely guy. And then if you add more people to the mix, I don't know that Schroder gets above kind of a schedule play. For now, short term, Cam Johnson and Dennis Smith junior out. You can probably go Schroder in most formats. Definitely, if you're hunting some points and assists, you didn't do much else. And then when if or when the team gets healthy, and, again, I don't know that they will because the season is is done. Brooklyn's cooked. They're they're counting it out here. The I mean, does Schroder even take a game off in there? Who knows? But as other guys miss time, then he elevates little by little. And this is just another example of why it's so hard to do a show that's trying to predict the next 2 weeks when we just don't even know who's gonna play the next hour. I don't even know if that was clear. Was my my feelings on Schroder, was that clear? I think he's probably around top 100 when a few guys are out, and he's probably more like an assists, points targeted guy when the team is mostly there. Draymond Green, huge ballgame. I don't know where the hell this one came from, but it certainly didn't hurt him that Jonathan Kuminga's out. So Kuminga's out, so Draymond is doing a little bit more. Trace Jackson Davis, his job is much more secure, and you, again, you just sort of pray that he doesn't go to the free throw line very often. Brandon Podgemski has first better game in about a week and a half. You're not gonna pay much attention to that. Chris Paul continues to trend down. He's just not getting that much playing time right now, and I believe, frankly, it's hard for me to say. Chris Paul's a drop. In most formats, Chris Paul's a drop. Now if someone got out of the way Okay. But they aren't right now. His minutes are just lower. And Andrew Wiggins had been trending way up and then laid a serious egg in this ballgame. I think you can probably hold a little bit longer on Wiggins. You know, I've been reticent to get on board with that one, but he'd been playing so well that you kinda have to be like, alright. I guess we'll just see what happens. Draymond, we so with Kuminga out, we don't know how long that's gonna be. With Kuminga out, Trace Jackson Davis, he was already pretty well locked in as a big man play, with some nice upside if he doesn't shoot free throws. That this firms that up. And then you probably get a little bit more out of Draymond mostly because everybody's just gonna have to take a few extra shots and do a little bit more. So those guys are both more firmed up, where Draymond and I had kinda downgraded to more of a punt points, like, kinda category hunty sort of player. He's probably a little bit above that now. Chris Paul's the real surprise. Klay, you're holding on to, obviously, Steph. Let me bring that one up. Wiggins barely holding on, and then Chris Paul, probably not. San Antonio, Wembley, Trae Jones, and when he's back, Devin Vassell. It's the same thing as always. I repeat myself a bunch of times. Bunch of guys were out. Novasel, no Sohan. Again, Kelvin Johnson was also out for this ballgame. And the amazing thing is that with all those guys out, no one really stepped up to have fantasy value. JD Osman at 18 points, but didn't do anything else. Zach Collins at 13 and 8 off the bench, but that was sort of lucky. And then Julian Champagne was, in my opinion, probably your closest bet. He played 38 minutes. So I guess if all those guys are out again, you could probably start Champagne. Assume you're gonna get a couple threes, some boards, some assists, usually get some steals mixed in there. Malachi Branham would be the points league try. But, again, I don't see how you use a bunch of moves on this team. San Antonio has a bad schedule. First of all, they play one game over 4 days to start the week, and then all these guys might be back tomorrow for all we know. So probably a pass. Derek Lively left early for Dallas. He was more of a, category hunting schedule type guy. PJ Washington, also a schedule level dude. It's Luca. It's Kyrie. It's Gafford. Those are your plays on Dallas. Houston lost, busted up their winning streak, and, you know, I, you know, I don't know that anything is necessarily locked in. They're now 2 games back at the warriors, which is surmountable, but not easy. And and I got yelled at on Twitter a little bit yesterday, but I sorta don't care. The Rockets were playing well. I don't want what I'm about to say to make you guys feel like they weren't, but it didn't hurt their cause that 6 of their wins over the winning streak came against the blazers twice, the jazz twice, and the wizards twice. You know, every win counts. They also played the Cavaliers with no Donovan Mitchell, and I don't think Evan Mobley was even back for that ballgame yet. So the Cavaliers without 2 or and Strouse without 3 of their starters. That was a win that wasn't super hard to get. They beat the Thunder without, Shea Gilgeous Alexander, which, you know, that wasn't an easy one. They took him to overtime. Thunder are good with or without SGA. They're very good with him. So that win was fine. It just felt like the win over the Kings was kind of like the one where you were like, oh, this is a pretty good ballgame. And then the other ones, you were like, okay. Yeah. But and now they played a good team, and they got beat. And now they got the Timberwolves, the Warriors, that'll be a big one, the Heat, the Mavs again, the Magic in a row. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 good teams straight. If they lose another 1 or 2 of these, the season's basically over. But, in my opinion, this is where you find out if the Rockets, you know, Sone, Alper, and Changuon are really better or if the schedule played the nice little helper role. Ball game was over kinda early, so a lot of guys got goofball minutes. They played some dudes the normal amount, but whatever. Ammon Thompson had some foul issues. He was still fine. Not great, but fine. Keep an eye on Cam Whitmore. If the Rockets get eliminated in the next 2 or 3 ball games, you might see, you know, like, Freddy VanVleet take a few games off. You might see Dillon Brooks take some games off when the team gets knocked out, if or when the team, I should say, gets knocked out. And then you'd probably wanna take a shot on a guy like Whitmore maybe for the last 2 or 3 ball games, but I don't think we're quite there yet. Chicago, the bulls, actually playing kinda well down the stretch. I don't know that it matters all that much. They're the 9 seed now, and they're not catching the sixers, but, probably can stay ahead of the hawks, get homecourt in that, you know, winner take all and then go to another winner take all. No surprises here. Start the starters. Easy one. Minnesota, you're basically a start the starters, not Jaden McDaniels, Mike Conley, Naz Reed, Gobert, Anthony Edwards. Those are the 4 guys you're playing. Kyle Anderson, affectionately known as Slo Mo, had a few good games in a row. And on the podcast, I think on Friday and even on Thursday or Wednesday or Tuesday last week, I said it a couple times. I was like, I really do think that he settles back towards a rebounds, assists, steals play because of games like this one where the steals are still there. The other stuff disappears. You know, he floats his value with defensive stats. You could probably play him in most formats unless you're hunting threes or something like that. So prop for slow mo, you're probably good enough. Very borderline. 100 range would be my guess. Fluctuating day to day, week to week between, you know, 80a140. So slightly better than doesn't matter, but not a game changer. Thunder, game winner. Speaking of game something. Josh Giddey at a triple double continues to play well here down the stretch, but with Shea back, I don't think I can take that plunge. Well, maybe Giddey's just in a groove now. It's possible. It happens every once in a blue moon, but, too risky for me. So back to Shea, Jalen Williams, and then Chad Holmgren had a rare bad one. And for the Knicks, yeah, basically playing everybody that they're gonna give 30 some odd minutes to. And Isaiah Hartenstein now with Mitchell Robinson back out, tweaked his ankle again. Hartenstein got 29 minutes. He's a behemoth in that amount of time. So you got McBride, Hartenstein, Hart, Divincenzo, Brunson. Easy calls for the Knicks right now. Presta Chachua, you can probably play with Robinson out if you need boards and some field goal percent and usually a steal. So, again, category hunting is on the board, but not in all formats. And Sacramento blew out the Jazz, but who cares? Utah is done. They've pulled the plug on this season. No John Collins in this game. Larry Markkanen, they're gonna say sore. So he's out for at least 2 weeks, which is the length of the year at this point. So what do you do? Well, you have Walker Kessler, who's gonna get minutes as John as long as John Collins is out. Kessler's a play. You got Collin Sexton, who's gonna do stuff because he's just gonna do stuff, and then you got a bunch of question marks. You got Bryce Sensibaugh, who had 22 points in this ballgame, and you can look at him and go, well. And if you squint hard enough and assume that none of the guys come back for Utah, Sensibaugh would probably make sense as a schedule type of play. I don't think I'd go beyond that. Ke'ont'e George, unbelievably inefficient in what he's been doing over the last few weeks. He's been literally killing teams with his field goal percent. But if you need points and a couple of assists and some threes, you could probably category hunt there a little bit. And Taylor Hendrix is the one for me that actually is more of the question mark. Can he stay above the cut line? My guess is probably not, but it's not a guarantee. Hendrix is a guy that is definitely a schedule level play. So if you, Todd, their schedule stinks to start the week, but, you know, improves a little bit as you get later on in this one. Roto, no. I don't have the stones for it. Really, only Kessler and Sexton, and if John Collins plays are the guys that I would play against the game's cap. And the rest of these dudes, you're very much just saying, okay. Can I get 1, 2, 3 categories that I'm trying to pull together? For the Kings, no Malik Monk. I think that happened over the weekend. Right? We haven't talked about that on the podcast yet. There is fear that he's gonna miss weeks and not days, which means you got a whole lot of Keion Ellis, 583 with a steal and a 3 pointer. This is kind of the floor for him, so that's cool. You're gonna get more shots out of Harrison Barnes, but he's more of a and, frankly, Keion Ellis is a little bit of a category hunter as well, but it'd probably be more accurate to call Kean Ellis just to punt points guy that probably does profile as above top 100 even if you're not punting points, but very, very impressive if you are. Harrison Barnes, category hunting points, threes, and percentages, but he doesn't do anything else. So probably not a top 100 play, you know, 125 ish with all these other dudes out. And then, I mean, you know, Keegan Murray gets to go big. Darren Fox and Sabonis are already doing their stuff anyway. But, you know, all these guys out, that's good for Keegan Murray. It's good for Kean Ellis. It's good for Harrison Barnes. And, oh, Trey Lyles resurfaced. That's interesting only for my 30 deep team, which is a lost. I lost. It's best 2 out of 3 in the finals. I'm in the finals against the great doctor a. As you guys heard on a pod last week, I lost the 1st week 5 to 4. It ended up pretty close, actually. I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do. I need to win both percentages, I think, to stand a chance, and, I don't know. Does that mean I drop Trey Lyles into my lineup? It might. 30 deep. 12 teamers, I think you'll Fox Sabonis and, Murray and Ellis. I think all 4 of those guys make the cut. And then Barnes is, more of the doesn't matter range, so it's gotta be a little more category related. Let's turn the clock back to Saturday. It was not a particularly busy day. And, again, I already know which 4 teams we're gonna have to look at on Friday. Boston beat New Orleans. Their guys were all playing for this ballgame. I don't know if they're gonna play in the next one because, Boston has what's known as a gimme coming up tonight against a Charlotte team that might be without 2 more guys depending on who sits. I think you'll probably see the Boston regulars play against the Thunder on Wednesday, Sacramento, Friday, maybe not Sunday against Portland. They'll try to get their guys some rest against the easy ones, and Boston's runaway with the best record in the NBA. So there's really no reason to push anyone. But you guys know what to do. If Porzingis sits, Al Horford is a start. If Jaylen Brown is questionable. If he sits, you probably get Sam Hauser in there. And if either guard sits, Holiday or White, you get Peyton Pritchard in there. Funny thing is Boston's had all these great fantasy assets all season long. This is the most interesting they've been for a daily fantasy show because for the last, like, 2 weeks is the only time we've really been able to do anything with Celtics all year other than just stardom blindly. Valencionis back down to 15 minutes in this loss. Anytime he plays an opposing big that can basically step out and stretch the floor, JV gets run off the court. And they run small. Small is a relative term because it's Zion at center. He's not a small dude, but he's also not a super tall guy. And so JV is very much a category hunt at this point. Some boards and some field goal percent typically, but you ain't getting anything else out of him these days. Hey, Dyson Daniels is back. That surprised me. I didn't see that one coming. I thought he was just done. That, by the way, if the team ever gets fully healthy, would probably not be great for we saw Herb and Trey Murphy take hits before, but I don't like that. Those guys are playing too well. Nothing's changing what they're doing right now. Oh, Memphis. You Desmond Bane back out, and I think he's already been ruled out for their next ballgame. Jaren Jackson is still still trying to play. How many games is he at now? He's right on the cusp of qualifying for the various, you know, 65 awards. 64. Okay. Well, you got one more in the tank, bud. He's been playing against competent opposition, which is not happening tonight, but it sounds like they wanna get him in there, so we'll see. They've got a back to back later this week. I doubt Jaren Jackson plays in both halves of that. What's interesting for Memphis? Lots of stuff that's interesting. Not a whole lot of that you can point to and go, yeah. There's a thing. Luke Kennard is interesting and also could be a thing if he starts. If he's just healthy the rest of the he'll sit back to back almost for sure. But if he starts and plays 30 minutes, Kennard would be a go. J j j's a go. If Bane comes back, he's a go. Brandon Clark is watch list material. I don't think his minutes get much above about 22, which, you know, historically has actually been kinda close to enough for him, but I I I can't recommend taking the plunge. Jake LaRavia, no schedule play, kind of a rebound steals target. Gigi Jackson is more of a points threes target who's gonna sink you in the other stuff. If, somehow things pivot and they're like, oh, Jordan Goodwin, we've got you're just gonna start for a week while we use up your two way games. That would be interesting. I don't even know who this Pereira kid is, but he had 5 defensive stats, so you can watch list him. You can watch list Scottie Pippen Junior. You can watch list Lamar Stevens. Who cares? Who cares? Not I. Jalen Suggs bounced back as expected. He's been playing well down the stretch. He felt like one of those guys that just needed to get out of the dog days of the season. Oh, the season's so long. I can't play as hard as I wanna play all year. But now you see the finish line, and the energy comes roaring back. Franz Wagner, 9 cat play. Suggs, 9 cat play. Boncaro, better points lead guy. Wendell Carter Junior is more of a, stat hunter. Some points, some boards, usually field goal percent from a big man who won't kill you in in, free throw percent either. And then everybody else anybody else you're looking at, Cole Anthony, Moe Vogt, not not even Moe Vogt. These guys are schedule level. Milwaukee, Patrick Beverly got the fill in start for Dame despite the busted hand. He had a pretty good one. Surprising. I don't think anybody on the Bucks is scheduled to miss an upcoming ball game. I'm sure they like, they've got a couple of back to backs over the next 2 weeks, and so Middleton will sit one of those out. But that would end up just being good news for Beasley. I think as long as Dame is around, Beverly, this was a this was a one shot. And if you missed it, you missed it, which most of us did. And then Beasley, when Middleton is is out, it's still more of a 3 point play anyway. So with Middleton sits in a back to back, you play Beasley, you get some threes. That's again your sort of stat hunting. Rest of the time, you're not playing him. Team is healthy, so Bobby Portis goes back to being kinda more so on the outside looking in, unless you're again hunting points and rebounds. Good to see Brook Lopez actually block a couple of shots. That was relevant. Hawks have a great schedule this week. We'll talk a bunch about them on the streaming show. Jalen Johnson is back, baby. Checked to make sure he wasn't dropped in your league. He would be a league winning type of play this week. And I say that because not only is he very, very good at fantasy, but he also has a terrific schedule. They play 4 games and none of them on the overload days, so make sure nobody dropped Jalen Johnson. And then, otherwise, I do still think you can probably play Deandre Hunter barely, more of a, points and percentages stream. The math probably says that he's playable in most formats, but I think maybe with Johnson back, you slide him down towards, like, a very good doesn't matter type of dude. So then you got Desjontae Murray, Jalen Johnson, Clint Capela, Bogdan Bogdanovic. Those are the guys you can play in all formats because they do a bunch of different stuff. And then Hunter is, instead of a little bit more of a fringey type where I mean, he's gonna profile a lot like Harrison Barnes with a bunch of Kings hurt. Pretty similar. Woah. I went to the wrong date. Everybody ignore. Hey. Mid show reminder. I know most of you guys are watching on social media these days, and that's okay. Please, don't exclusively rely on Twitter to watch the show, if I can beg you guys of that. Follow on some other platform, preferably iTunes or Spotify, because every show we do goes out on audio. Not every single show in the off season is gonna be on video. Yeah. YouTube, works right now because we're doing all of our in season shows on video, but that's definitely not a guarantee that it's gonna continue from this point forward. So, traditional pod channels is the way to go. Also, from an advertising standpoint, it actually helps us a lot more. But that's your your not so subtle reminder there. And, of course, to check out our buddies over atmanscape.com. Their partnership with us will go on a brief hiatus during the off season, but check them out. Use code ethos 20, ethos 20. Guys get a couple of things here while we're finishing up the year. I'm sure that'll lock them in as a partner again for next season. 20% off free shipping atmanscaped.com. Promo code there again is ethos 2 0. 2 teams we didn't talk about or sorry. How many did I say originally? Four teams we didn't talk about. Detroit is one of them. I don't know when Cade's gonna play and when he's not gonna play. They're going easy on his knee, and their season's over. I don't know when Simonifoncchio might be back. Chamoisie Metuh signed finished up his he got himself a real contract. If Cade sits, we saw Metu play pretty well when he got a few extra minutes. I don't think that he's an ad. If Cade sits, you got Jaden Ivey, gets bumped up from points league level to all formats level. And then guys like Malachi Flynn, Evan Evan Fournier become schedule type of plays. But, basically, at that point, it's Duran, Cade when the team is healthy. And if Cade sits, then Ivey's in. But Fontecchio's a guy you keep an eye sorry. Metu is a guy you can keep an eye on. Fontecchio is a guy you kinda wanna watch the injury report, see what's going on there. Indiana was another team that didn't play over the weekend. They had a good game against the lakers going into it. Nesmith played better. Don't care. He's, hey. Not even really a stat. He's not even really a category hunting guy. He sits in that zone because he's sort of okay at a lot of stuff, but he's kind of just okay at a lot of stuff. So he's sort of like a, do you need a a warm body type? TJ McConnell, I know he's only playing 19:20 minutes, but he does this every game. Teens and points and a handful of assists. He just didn't get any steals in this one in a weird twist. But I'm playing McConnell basically everywhere. Halliburton, Siakam, Miles Turner, obviously, those are the the everydayers. And then you've got, you know, Nesmith, if you're kinda hunting at just a tiny bit of everything, categories, Nemhard, if you want a 3 ball and a couple of assists, but those guys are that's a reach, man. That's a reach. Phoenix and Portland were the other 2. Let me see if I can find where they were on this board here. There they are. That's not them. Phoenix, they got their key guys in, so that's who you play. So that's an easy one. And then Portland, oh, boy, are they a goofball team right now. Deandre Ayton is back. They lost by 60. Scoot Henderson was a minus 58. I just saw that. I didn't even notice when I looked at that score back on Friday night. Holy crap. Oh, boy. Anyway so look. If Deandre Ayton is playing, you're playing him. It seems like Simons is done for the year. Shaden Sharp was was playing with the g league, so there's a chance he might just pop up, but I wouldn't expect it. Who can you play against the games cap on this team? Ayton, yes. Banton is kind of a maybe. Like, Dan, isn't he a lot like Gigi Jackson who you said no to? And yeah. But Benton rebounds and and assists a little bit more. So even though you get the bad percentages stuff and turnovers, there's there's a little bit more upside. And there's just nobody else alive on this team anymore because Diebold's back out. Justin Manaea, who we weren't paying any attention to, he's hurt again. Jeremy Grant is doubtful, and he probably will be until October. And then you've got Scoot is other another sort of another question mark here. Jabari Walker also is a question mark. You've got all these these fringe level guys, and you're like, okay. Well, how much usage do they actually need to overwhelm their bad categories? And the answer is about this much. So you got Scoot. If you're playing him, you're assuming you're gonna get a whole crap ton of turnovers, and the percentages are gonna be a mess. So points leagues have at it. Scoot's a points league, easy call. Same with Banton, frankly. I think Banton sits inside the top 100 the rest of the way, barely sort of overcoming his inefficiencies. I don't think Scoot does. But, again, if you need some points, you need some assists, you'll probably get those out of him. If Tamani well, no. Tamari Park got ruled out for the year. I remember they say he was out for a few ball games, and then they said the rest of the year. So he's out for the season now as well. He was the guy that I kinda like. Chris Murray, he'll probably do a little bit of many things. And if he plays 42 minutes, you could probably start him and just assume you're gonna get a few points and a 3 and some rebounds and assists and probably a steal in there. It's gonna be very not exciting. But if if you just need to make up games basically in roto, that's the play to go. And head to head, he'll be good enough in a good scheduling spot. And then Jabari Walker is points and rebounds only, so that's a category hunting type of play also. Yeesh. Alright. There you go, everybody. 45 minutes deep. That's all 30 teams. Again, we will take a break, and then right after lunch, we'll give you the streaming episode. This is actually starting to hurt my voice today for some reason. I don't know why. Didn't do anything that should have my voice hurt. Anybody with a games Cappy related question in the chat room before I pull the plug? Is Paul Reed worth an ad with the Joel Emblid up? I mean, if you need blocks, you can hang on for another ballgame. Sort of the same old story here. Do I drop Keon Ellis for Kyle Lowry? That I don't think is a games cap related question. You know, Philly, they go Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sunday. Sacramento, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday no. Tuesday, Thursdays, Friday, Sunday. No. I don't I don't think I'm making that swap. I think I'd rather have Kean Ellis. Some people saying thank you. You're welcome. Do you prefer Duncan Robinson over Max Strouse? Yeah. I think I do. I think I do. If Vasilyevicic does not play, who do you prefer in a points league? Trey Mann, Scoot Henderson, or Jalen Suggs? I gotta go scoot in a points league. Just close your eyes. Do the returns of IQ and Barrett turn Olinik into a streamer? No. No. I I don't think they impact him almost at all because, frankly, he'd rather he'd rather only take 6 to 9 shots a ball game, which I mean, he did it in 8 shots in this in yesterday's. He'd rather be a facilitator. So I don't actually care that much who's around Olenek as long as he's out there. And, frankly, he might even be better throwing the ball to better players. Dan, why don't you care about Trenton Watford? Mostly because the Nets haven't really fully shut her down yet. Once they do, I may change my tune on that one. I sort of reserve the right to. We had 15 and 8, couple of assists, a steal and a block, 7 out of 10 shooting, you know, unsustainable shooting numbers there. I would love it if the nets sat, Dorian Finney Smith the rest of the way or if McHale Bridges finally decided that he didn't want his game's played streak to continue. That's really the problem is that you got an iron man. And maybe he starts playing just the first half, and maybe that's the way it goes. But it's just that there isn't enough there every single game if he's not shooting, you know, 70% or whatever it is. Previous game, he had 115 and 4 with 2 steals. That was good. 24 minutes isn't enough though. 29, if that actually happened every ballgame, I think I'd probably do something about it. But he's on a serious heater. He shot 70% in 3 of his last 4 ball games. And we just know that, first of all, guys don't shoot that in the NBA. Watford's not a bad field goal percent guy, but also he's hit some threes, which is not really his MO. He's shooting 40% from downtown, and he has, what, 6 threes over those fall 4 ball games as well. So there's a lot of stuff with him that's sort of over in over his skis in this limited sample size. But if the minutes stick at some point, if somebody gets shut down or whatever, and he starts playing 28, 29 instead of low to mid twenties, then I would probably think about it. So, you know, put him on the watch list if you like. That's fine. What are my thoughts on Markelle Fultz? I don't want anything to do with him. He's not gonna play back to backs, and he's not doing very much even when he does play. Bagley or Brook Lopez? I'm gonna go Brook. Both teams have, 4 game weeks. And if Rashaun Holmes shows up, then this one becomes a very easy decision. And that is where we'll put a pin in it until our streaming show in about 2 to 2 and a half hours from now. That'll allow some more news to trickle in because it certainly has been even while we've been on air. That's the way of the league right now. You know, since we've been doing this show, we got, like, 9 injury updates. One of them being the big one that Joel Embiid is not playing tomorrow. So please, everybody, take a second. If you're new, find a way to subscribe. It makes a massive difference in what we do here at Sports Ethos and what I'm able to do, so on and so forth. And someone just popped in with a question about Barrett and Quickley on Gary Trent Junior. Wheel it back, baby. Roll the tape back. We talked about that one earlier in the show. Not trying to call you out, but we did that one already. Have a great midday. I'll see you guys in a couple of hours. Thanks for tuning in to all of our shows these days. Again, this is the last week where we're going 2 a days. Next week, we'll go to 1 show per day except maybe for Monday. And then the off season, we will once again return to Monday through Friday only because Dano will need a little bit of a respite. And, yes, working every single weekday on a pod, that's a break for me. Hugs and kisses. I'll see you guys in a bit.