Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I don't need to wait till the end of the song. I can start talking whatever the hell I want. It's my damn show. I'll do what I want. Sort of the, Eric Cartman school of thought there. I am, currently trying to figure out what software is auto adjusting my microphone volume because I have that turned off in StreamYard. Honest to goodness, I could not tell you at this point. It's happening. Something's doing it, but I don't know what. And I can keep trying to, like, bring it up, bring it down. But, eventually, the damn computer is gonna decide how loud it wants me to be. And, we're just gonna, I guess, have to be okay with that. So, anyway, what's up, everybody? Welcome to a new week. A weird week, week 7, and the 1st ever in season tournament quarter and semifinal round that we'll have that's part of a fantasy season. It's created a, pardon my, slightly adjusted cursing here, but a real cluster not gonna say it. You know I'm not gonna say it. It's really kind of called it's created a real cluster mess, for fantasy purposes. Streaming is gonna be exceptionally odd. We will have a show later on today. Timing of it might be a little bit goofball. My my kid has a doctor's appointment because, you know, everything in my life revolves around trying to figure out where the hell my 2 kids are at any given moment. Normally, it's around 2 o'clock Pacific time. My guess is that it'll run a little bit later today, but Derek and I, Derek Ball, will break down the goofball week ahead. This show is all about who you're adding for, longer than today and tomorrow, basically. These are not ads we're gonna talk about for specifically the in season tournament. We'll kinda talk about each team and where they fit, but it's a full re weekend recap. We'll hit the waiver wire. We'll find all the good stuff, and, we'll do that here in a matter of seconds. But before we do that, I wanna remind everybody you're watching or listening to Fantasy NBA Today Sports Ethos presentation. Thank you everybody for watching and listening, and thank you for liking and subscribing and dropping those 5 star reviews. The continued growth of the podcast has been amazing, borderline hilarious, the YouTube side. The damage we've been able to do over there in just a matter of, like, 2 months really has been outstanding. So thank you. Everybody that's hit a like button, everybody that's hit a subscribe button, you guys are powering this locomotive right now. I am Dan Vesperis over on social at Dan Vesperis. I know there's not gonna be a ton to do the next 2 days, which is 4 games over these 2, but there's always something. And planning this week is, certainly a big part of it. But let's go ahead and just dive right in. I think that's enough, show opening humor as I once again stress about the fact that Windows Update messed up some of my settings, and I had to, run the show about 7 minutes later than I wanted to. But luckily, these two window updates, window updates windows updates happened within, like, a week of each other, so I remembered exactly the changes I needed to make. So this one only took seriously, like, 5 or 6 minutes for me to fix. But that's still dumb. Stop doing it to me, windows. Let's do Saturday. And Saturday was a heavy load because there was nothing on Sunday. Everybody had the day off leading up to this quarterfinals starter day here on Monday. Couple of games tonight, couple of games tomorrow. So they wanted to get almost all of the teams in on Saturday. Not everybody. I think it was, 12. We count it right here on the screen. What do they do? 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 games Saturday. This will knock us through the vast majority, 80% of the league. And, yeah. Let's just talk about it. Warriors got a big on the Clippers. Clippers came back and beat them in this one. There aren't that many things to talk about on the Clippers side other than sort of the is it a buy low? Is it a sell high? What what is the actual thing happening right here? Interestingly, Kawhi Leonard and Paul George are now in a dead heat. 19 20 in 9 cat after PG's very fast start. And Kawhi's sort of fine, but not outstanding beginning. They're about to be 2 ships kinda passing in the night. And then James Harden, who I think we can all agree has been kinda boring in his time with the Clippers so far. Boring James Harden is still number 34 per game in 9 cat, and he's played in, you know, the last 14 in a row for the clips, which already he's ahead of a number of players in fantasy with just 14 games under his belt. Everybody's having these panic attacks over James Harden, but he's just gonna get better every week. 21 points, 9 assists in this ballgame, made his 5 free throws. He's on his way, I believe, to being a second rounder. Wait. He's a 3rd rounder right now. I don't think we're exactly, like, leaping way out on a limb to say he could get up another 10 rank slots. And he's a guy that was getting drafted. I think I got him near 60 in one of my leagues. And there's this whole thing, and I know I go into it about drafting guys that are injured to start the year, but I do feel like that was kind of a different scenario. Like, you knew he was gonna have to get moved quickly because the disaster it was creating in Philadelphia. And then yeah, you know, he wasn't gonna be, like, a top 12 guy in Clippertown because there's just too many guys there. But you knew he was gonna be at worst, like, where he is now, 30 something. So, hell, yeah, I took him in the sixties in a few spots, and I don't regret it. How about the warriors side? Well, no Andrew Wiggins. He was still dealing with the aftereffects of mashing his finger in a car door. Shit. Good lord. Chris Paul was out. Gary Payton is out for a while. CB 3 might be back this week. They they said his little nerve compression thing was day to day. He is also very old, so don't be too surprised if it takes longer than a day or 2 and maybe more like a week or 2. But, hey, maybe we get good news before their game on Wednesday. Either way, based on what we saw in this particular one ball game, Moses Moody filled in for Wiggins and kind of Payton together and ended up playing 32 minutes. He was excellent. Getting to the free throw line was certainly the the biggest part of it going 9 of 10 at the foul line. 21 5 and 2 with a couple of steals and a couple of threes is a really nice fantasy line. And if Wiggins and Payton are both out again, I think you probably have a reasonable argument for playing Moses Moody in their next ballgame. Also notable, Brandon Pogjempski played 36 and a half minutes off the bench. Those are, like, all of the Chris Paul minutes, plus a few of those Gary Payton minutes because Corey Joseph is terrible. He's been bad for a long time, but now he's also old. And the warriors love pods. He, he's like the ultimate hustle guy. I'm I'd be a little bit nervous if any of those 3 guys come back because if Wiggins comes back, that pushes Moody to the bench, and then Moody takes some of those more of those, I guess, Peyton bench minutes as opposed to just soaking up the Andrew Wiggins ones. But if all 3 guys are out again on Wednesday, and it does seem like Peyton's gonna be out a little bit longer, Wiggins and Chris Paul are the guys that are day to day, then maybe you look at both. Minnesota with a win at Charlotte. Minnesota did it without, Anthony Edwards and without Jaden McDaniels. And, Nikhil Hogzendor Walker was a huge disappointment. There's no way around that. I thought he was gonna have another nice I mean, he was a he had a huge fill in game the day before. This was a I I I I don't know that I was necessarily expecting huge, but I was certainly expecting decent, and we didn't even get that. He only took 5 shots in 30 minutes on the court because largely because Nas Reed is starting to get cooking. And you knew Kat would take a bunch of shots because with Anthony Edwards out, Kat's gotta be kind of the focal point on offense. But then Nasrid's been heating up again. And that's been the story of his year. He got off to a really hot start. His minutes were better than expected to start the season, then they collapsed for a bit. Now they're better for a couple of days. He's at 114 on the year. We all love Nasrid's fantasy game. He only needs 22, 23 minutes to be a normal 12 team start guy. And it does kinda feel like with Edwards out, he can get those 22 or 23 minutes. He played 24 and a half in this one. Not that he's taking those minutes specifically, but they just sort of knee a little bit more scoring sock, and that's what he can do. But, again, you kinda have to wait and see because Minnesota doesn't play until Wednesday. Edwards could be back. Doesn't seem like McDaniels is is all that close yet. But if Anthony Edwards is back in there, I think you kinda have to shy away from any of these streamers. All of that to say, play it by ear. If we hear anything about Edwards being doubtful or whatever in the next day, day and a half, then you pick up Nasrid kind ahead of time, but I don't know that I expect that to happen. Charlotte's side, still it it'll be no LaMelo Ball for, at least a few more weeks here. Brandon Miller came back for this one and was decent. Not spectacular, but he was fine. Miles Bridges continues to take a lot of shots as does Terry Rozier, who is admittedly playing give Terry Rozier some credit. He was really bad at point guard last year. He's been much better in his couple of fill in games so far this season. The question marks, I think, you're starting Miles Bridges. You're obviously starting Terry Rozier. You're almost definitely starting I mean, you're definitely starting Mark Williams. I mean, he wasn't as good. In this one, he fouled out. And you're probably starting Brandon Miller because his usage has gone up enough with LaMelo Ball out that he's been playable. The guys that I think have been kinda coin flippy lately are PJ Washington and Gordon Hayward. And PJ has been pretty good last couple of ball games. Although some of that, I think it's worth pointing out, has been because his defensive stats have been higher. And he's not bad defensively. He's, you know, historically, like, kinda middling. Last year, he was actually kinda pretty good. 32 and a half minutes a game. He averaged about 2 defensive stats. And that's something you could kinda see repeat if his minutes get back up into the thirties here with the with the Melo ball being out. But he's also been a low field goal percent guy. That hurts. His free throw percent is not good. That also hurts a little bit. Still, the fact that he can get you steals, blocks, boards, some scoring, some threes, you kind of overlook the other stuff a little bit. So I'm gonna say yes on PJ, and I think I'm also gonna say yes on Gordon Hayward, who's bounced around a lot. He got off to a really fast start this year and then went through a prolonged slump, but 22/17 is last 2 ball games. He's heating up again if you wanna talk about, like, what he's been able to do shooting wise. My fear, of course, on the Gordon Hayward front is, is this all tied to better shooting? If he goes cold again from the field like he did for previous basically, the previous 2 weeks, he was ice cold. Is there gonna be enough right now? I feel like with LaMelo out, there should be enough assists and rebounds to kinda float things, but he's not a defensive stat guy. He got off to a weirdly strong defensive stat start. You know those numbers were gonna come down. He doesn't hit that many 3 pointers. So, the floor and we saw it last year. The floor can come out pretty quick for Hayward, if the other stuff isn't working. So I think he's probably a yes right now in most formats, but I would also fully understand if you were just like, the floor's coming out. I don't really wanna worry about it, and then didn't do it. Orlando lost at Brooklyn. They, winning streak snapped for a Magic team that was very hot coming into this ball game, but no one was as hot as Mikael Bridges in this one. He scored 42 points. I think he had 30 something in the first half if I'm remembering right. But quickly, let's talk about Orlando. Cole Anthony bounced back. Jalen Suggs had a, rare off game. He's been more than good enough to stay on your team. He's number 75 on the year. Cole Anthony had one very bad game, but then seeing the bounce back, I think, was enough evidence for me to just say keep playing him even if he was part of units. I mean, everybody kinda got trounced on that side. Goga Bitadze had some injury stuff early. I think he I can't remember what it was. He came back from it, but the team was getting throttled. So Mo Wagner saw a little bit of a spike in minutes there. I think you still if you're streaming a center and you're hoping for, like, top 1 15 to 95 range stuff, Goga's still the guy between those 2 dudes. And then, really, like, the fact that even a couple of guys on Orlando survived this blowout was a small positive, at least from a fantasy standpoint. For Brooklyn, I'm watching Spencer Dinwiddie, and he's still doing fine. I am admittedly a little bit concerned about what Cam Thomas's return is going to do to Dinwiddie long term. Now the fact that he still got 15 shots up, that's a good sign. The previous game, Dinwiddie still had, a bunch of assists. Although, I I think Cam Thomas's minutes were were kinda still in check-in that one. I I just have this lingering fear with Dinwiddie because he's a low field goal percent guy at times kinda close to a punt free throw or field goal guy. He's, you know, career wise, 41 and change. Free throw is fine, but he's not really a positive there. He sits almost right around net neutral. So it's mostly threes, points, and assists for him because steals and blocks are not usually all that high with Dinwiddie either. So it comes down to, is there enough of that to balance out the fact that he's, you know, sort of a 3 trick pony, basically? Points, threes, and assists. And lately, the answer has been yes, but I don't know that it's definitely yes all year. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. And that's okay. You still play him. Someone was like, Dan, you're not high enough on Spencer Dinwiddie. I I mean, I I think I'm exactly high enough on Dinwiddie because we've watched him for a decade now. He's been in the NBA for a decade, and we know what he is, which is a minimal defensive stats dude who is going to hurt you probably a lot in field goal percent. We did have that one, like, partial season in Dallas where he was extra hot from the field, but that's not a thing that stuck historically. He's never really had a free throw season over 82. He's had plenty of them at 80, 79, things like that, which is all just sort of fine. And then, you know, it comes down to how many times he's gonna touch the basketball. Is 14 and some odd points and 6 assists, is that enough to start him in roto all the time? I think the answer is no on that one. Head to head, the answer is probably yes. Because, again, he's an example of a guy who is very good in a few categories and then not as strong in others. And head to head, that makes more sense because you might have, like, a punt steals team. He makes a lot of sense as a punt steals guard, something like that. Roto, though, you'd need typically more than 2 or 3 categories, especially if they're only good but not great, and that's where he's been historically. But let's keep it right now, I think you can start him in every format while we see how this whole thing develops, and then, you know, Ben Simmons never comes back, which I still think is a distinct possibility. I know they said, you know, he had a cortisone injection. They're gonna reevaluate in 2 weeks. I'm not all that convinced that in 2 weeks, something is gonna magically be better with him, but maybe he proves me wrong. I just don't think so. And that maybe that ends up being enough for Dinwiddie to stay just above the cut line. Obviously, gonna do a lot more when other usage guys are out, but they're in right now. And, Dennis Smith junior, by the way, had a pretty good game. You can mostly ignore that. So it's, the usual fare. Let's keep going. Cleveland beat Detroit, and, the poor Pistons. At least they got Bojan Bogdanovic back. His minutes up to 27 and change in this one. I think, actually, this was his return. He's just gonna slowly ramp up up up up up. They'll probably get him in the starting lineup, I would guess, over Jaden Ivey, but it could be over Killian Hayes, so just keep an eye on that. Bogdanovic is a must roster guy because they badly need him to score, because Cade Cunningham is the only other guy in the team who can reliably do it. That's kinda the only story on Detroit. You know, Killian Hayes is a hold right now just to see how this thing shakes out. I know Jaden Ivey started in this one, which I guess is better for him than the alternative, but I don't I don't think he needs to be on rosters. And then with Cleveland, it's, you know, nothing, really. Isaac O'Coro had a 4 steal game, but you're not gonna buy in on that. Max Strouse scored 22 again, man. Like, at this point, you kinda just have to assume he's like a top 75 or got guy or better, and he's at 58 right now. Did not see that coming, but I continue to ride the wave. Pelicans lost at Chicago. The bulls who have basically pulled the plug on Zach LaVine are suddenly playing like they care about each other. They're now 6 and 6 at a home, which I guess is, you know, better than the alternative. They've won 2 games in a row, ladies and gentlemen. We'll talk about the Bulls in a second. First things first, on the Pels side, no CJ for this one because he can't fly yet. I I do think that's gonna change at some point in, presumably, the not too distant future. But, you know, if they're on the road, I think we have to assume he's out for now, which meant that Dyson Daniels is semi streamable. Although, it it now seems much more clear that with Alvarado around and Jordan Hawkins, both guys kind of all 3 of those guys, I guess, kind of soaking up similar minutes that there's probably no obvious stream. That's where you're at with the pals. Herb Jones has bounced back nicely at a couple of low games, and people were like, should I move on now? And I'm like, what are you talking about, guys? Good fantasy players have good and bad stretches. Only the great ones really have, like, good stretches and then bad game. The best players have individual bad games. Everybody else in fantasy has bad stretches. I need folks to not freak out when someone has 2 or 3 quiet games in a row. Meanwhile, over on the bull's side, Kobe White continues to be the ultimate in, fill in maximize play. He's top 50 over the last 2 weeks. Obviously, buttressed a bit by this colossal ballgame, but, he's getting everything he can handle with Zach LaVine out. Alex Caruso also left this ballgame partway through. He's been nursing a sore toe the entire season to this point. If and we saw this before. If both LaVine and Caruso are out, not only can you stay stream Kobe White, who, by the way, is he's a hold because Zach LaVine's gonna get moved at some point. But you can also stream Iyo Desumu who is less of a stash, I think. He's the stash in case DeMar and LaVine get moved or Caruso and LaVine. And even if it's just Caruso, I don't know that that's enough extra usage on the plate for Desumu. Patrick Williams was decent enough in this ballgame. Again, also, he's a guy that badly needed a little uptick in usage, which is, again, the kind of stuff you get when LaVine is out, when DeMar is out. The Bulls still kind of stash City over there. If you have room, I did stash Patrick Williams in one spot where I was like, you know what? I could use a little, like, threes, steals, blocks, couple of boards, dude, who's probably not gonna punish my percentages too much. Although, he did go 1 for 4 at the free throw line in this particular ballgame. But you guys, I think, know at this point. We're we're kind of on rinse repeat with Chicago. And the only question is, is Alex Caruso starting in any individual game? Because he's very much a questionable every night dude. A lot of teams seem to be more interested in Caruso than they are in LaVine. We've heard more about DeMar than LaVine, and DeMar said he wanted to go play in New York and blah blah blah. We'll see. Obi Toppin turned an ankle as you guys watching can see on your screen, but, they he's had 2 really nice ball games in a row. Some of that's because, Jalen Smith is out. Some of it's because Toppin has been extraordinarily hot. He makes sense, by the way, as a really interesting stream this week if he actually plays in their ballgame. It also didn't hurt any of these guys that Tyrese Halliburton was out. So there was just a lot of usage to go around. Bruce Brown scored 30 damn points in this ballgame. TJ McConnell had 20 and 11 double double, and he's always a monster in fantasy when he gets 20 some odd minutes. Andrew Nembhard also had 11 assists, but he doesn't have a particularly great fantasy game. I think Tyrese Haliburton will be back for their play in game, which I believe is actually tonight. Aren't they tonight and not tomorrow? You guys can catch me on this. Yeah. Boston, Indy's tonight, and then New Orleans, Sacramento's tonight. Those are the those are 2, 3 matchups in each side. I don't remember. Who the hell can remember these things? Either way, they're playing tonight. I think he'll be back. I haven't seen anything about it in either direction so far yet today. There really hasn't been any news. I think he's questionable still. Everybody's got this this flu thing going around. If it's anything like what I had, the entire damn month of November, I feel quite bad for these players because that thing sucked. But I don't know. I I I still think Halliburton's gonna play. Again, I have no reason to assume that's true, but if he's not and Toppin does, he's a go. TJ McConnell would be playable. Streamable on a head to head side. You can stream practically the whole damn roster. Roto side, Toppin, I think McConnell this is again if Halliburton's out. Definitely the usual guys, Heald Brown, Miles Turner. I don't know about going any farther on the side. But, again, head to head, you can almost stream the whole damn team if Halliburton misses it. If Halliburton's in there, you're not streaming guys like Nembhard and McConnell unless you're really hard up for adding games to your week. Neesmith kind of in that same boat if a little bit higher. Josh Richardson and Haydewood Highsmith left the heat's last ball game. Again, YouTubers, you can see on your screen as I highlighted. Richardson hurt his knee. Highsmith is lower back. They don't play until Wednesday, so we won't probably have an update on them today. But with all of those guys out, that just again creates more opportunity because it's been kinda Jimmy Butler lately against the universe. Orlando Robinson started for Bam Adebayo. He'd be interesting if Bam missed their next game on Wednesday. But, again, we're not gonna know. Duncan Robinson, no relation, is an easy stream for Tyler Herro. He basically has been the whole time Herro's been out. Kyle Lowry, Aimee Raquel slowed down in this ballgame, but they'd be streamable if, Hero and if Richardson are both out. That just makes it even a little bit of an easier call. And that's probably about as far as you go with Miami. But, again, we need more info before we can make a call on it. Everybody was like, the Bucks are done. The Bucks are done. Well, they're 14 and 6, guys. It seems the Bucks are fine. They beat the Hawks, which, you know, it's not like a big old feather in the cap. Atlanta's 9 and 10. Atlanta badly missing Jalen Johnson these days. But at least for fantasy purposes, that means Sadik Bey can just keep cruising along. No other notes on this game. Okonwu played 27 minutes here, and Klinkapela played 30. So they went big. And, poor Okonwu, he got stuck dealing with a lot of Giannis, which meant not much fantasy stuff. And he's not gonna do as much if he's tasked with playing power forward, but he's still a hold. Milwaukee, no real adjustment. Bobby Portis did double double, but he I mean, his is, like, the ultimate 2 category guy. 15 and 11 with basically nothing else. Brook Lopez got his 4 blocks even if he missed a couple of shots, and then Malik Beasley is just freaking pounding right now with no Crowder and Khris Middleton still on a time limit. It's crazy. And for those that are wondering, where is Damian Lillard ranked right now? The answer is 21, and, presumably, that field goal percent will continue to tick up from 43, we think. I still have him climbing into the early teens. Well, I guess, see how that goes. This is a big Saturday, ain't it? Memphis at Phoenix, jjj, 30 7, 9, and 2 with a steal and a block. Obviously, we still want more steals and more blocks, but he's worked his way back up. Remember he had that bottoming out game where he fell outside the top 100. He's back up to number 84 now, which, again, not at all what you wanted, but certainly a step in the right direction over his last couple. Gonna be a harder by low after scoring 37 points. Still think if you can, you should. I'm holding Santi Aldama. Three steals a block. He was in there for 31 minutes. That's usually enough for him to have fantasy value. I'm not adding Vince Williams. I didn't add David Roddy last week. I foolishly picked up Derrick Rose for one ball game, but we knew he wasn't gonna play in the second half of the back to back. And then Jalen Noelle who played who started a point guard for Derrick Rose, who started a point guard for Marcus Smart, who started a point guard for Ja Morant. Yeah. We're way down the board. Is usually a guy that you can count on to get you some threes, but he couldn't shoot the ball. And presumably, Rose will be the guy that starts there in the next one, so that's where you're at with Memphis. Devin Booker was back for Phoenix, and he and Kevin Durant are just gonna keep destroying teams until Bradley Beal comes back. And then they'll continue to destroy, just not at quite the same clip they're at right now. Meanwhile, no Eric Gordon for this one. That meant a little bit more to do for, I was gonna say Joshua Kogi, but he only took 2 shots. Kind of Grayson Allen, but he only took 4 shots. It was pretty much just the 3 guys. And, basically, I'm not streaming anybody on this team unless 2 of the main stars are out, and I'm not talking about Nurkic there. So leave the Suns alone. Thunder beat Dallas. This is one of the weirdest games in the history of basketball. The Mavericks went on a 30 to nothing run and lost. How's that even possible? Meanwhile, Luka Doncic played 46 of the 48 available minutes. I think they figured, ah, we got this game, and then we're off Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday. So, you know, blow it out. Not much really to speak of on the Thunder side. Jalen Williams continues to get his things going. We still haven't seen the big steals numbers from Williams, and that'll be the thing that really gets him cooking. So if you can buy low, you still should. I just don't know that you can after a pretty big ballgame like this one. Chet's been awesome. Shea finally had kind of a quiet ballgame. Still had 5 steals in it anyway. But, certainly, the big story here is, for 1, Dallas had a lot of guys out. No Tim Hardaway junior, no Kyrie Irving for this ballgame. Grant Williams got hurt partway through this ballgame. And so that meant and don't worry. We'll talk about Derek Lively again. But it also meant that Derek Jones kind of had no, excuse, and same with Seth Curry, but to go out there and get a bunch of shots up. However, I know we talked about how there hasn't been a whole lot of news breaking today. 1 hour ago, Dallas did drop their injury report. Kyrie Irving practiced, so he's, I would assume, likely to play in their next game on Wednesday. And that to me is enough to say, I I can't take the plunge on these replacement guys. Because you throw Kyrie back in the mix and the shots for Jones and Curry basically disappear, not entirely, but basically. And then Derek Lively is someone we've been talking about needing to be rostered for a few weeks now. Basically, as soon as we saw that in 24 minutes a game, he's a top 100 play, that's a guy that you're like, oh, this is the guy that they're, like, trying to make part of everything that they're doing going forward, and so we wanna make sure that we're there for it. He's now number 87 in 25 minutes per game. And every minute he goes up, he's gonna move somewhere between 6 10 rank slots, at least until he gets up into the part where it's sort of harder to jump spots on the board. But he's a must roster play in every format. And someone was like, Dan, don't you think you're getting out in front of yourself after 1 big ball game? No, man. We've been talking about this for 2 to 3 weeks. You could the writing's on the wall with this dude, and it's good writing. Writing is bad writing on the wall for everybody else. The only thing that could throw even the tiniest hiccup into the Derek Lively experience is if Maxie Kliba shows up, doesn't get hurt, and Jason Kidd's like, every once in a while, I'm gonna go floor spacer, because it could happen. But I just like, there's absolutely no reason why he shouldn't be on teams right now. Hey. Before we we talk Portland, Utah, now that a lot of you guys have tuned in, there weren't that many of you when the show started, but now there's many of you watching live. First first of all, hi. I love it. It's actually ridiculously flattering that this many of you wanna watch this show live these days. But please take a second to like and make sure you subscribe if you like what we've been doing here. I love that the chat room is cooking. You guys help each other. That's beautiful stuff. And, hey, take a second to hit up our buddies over atmanscaped.com. Hanukkah starts in a few days. If you need a present for somebody of the Jewish faith, Christmas is exactly 3 weeks from today. Presents, and a lot of these places, it's gonna take too long to get them. Do MANSCAPED. MANSCAPED thyself, and MANSCAPED thy friends and family who are gruff bearded or just generally hairy individuals. Go get them a lawnmower or a handyman. Or and I I did something so dumb. I picked my fingernail in a car ride because it got, like, a little a little break in it. You guys see that every once in a while. I don't know where it came from. I'm sure I, like, punched a thumb into a door or, you know, I Andrew Wiggins did. The shears is unbelievable. And so with our coupon code, exclusive code for those of us here at Fantasy NBA Today, you can get 20% off and free shipping. That code is ethos 20. Ethos20 over atmanscaped. .Com. Check them out today. They've been wonderful for us. They've been a partner for, like, 3 or 4 years now. They send me a lot of swag, which is super cool. And, obviously, that's part of the reason that I want them to stay happy because I love getting free stuff. But you guys go get your your holiday presents there. There's just no reason not to. Manscaped.com, promo code ethos 20. Let's talk Portland, Utah. Again oh, and, again, I'm, at Dan Vespersover on Twitter while you're, you know, liking, subscribing, and and hanging out with us. Oh, Discord. You guys should come play with us in the in the sports Ethos Discord. I know I've said it before, and, like, we can believe that it's gonna take a week or a month or a year, but Twitter is not in a great way these days. I'm gonna post the Discord link in the live chat. I'm gonna throw it up on the screen here just for a second while I'm talking about these ball games. Please come hang with hang with us over there. It's rapidly expanding. You know, we didn't pour that much, that much time into it in seasons past, but now it's become this community. And that's this nice, like, critical mass thing with Discord, where if you get enough people in there, then everybody can just help each other. And now you got a community. And so every one of you guys that we add is just more people helping each other. So go hang with us there. I'm gonna leave that link up on the board. Now we'll talk Portland, Utah. Jeremy Grant took a shot to the head in this ballgame. Interestingly, I was looking at the Yahoo blurbs, which I think are provided by RotoWorld, and they didn't have it. They didn't mention that Grant. They were just like, oh, Grant had a bad ball game. Yeah. A bad ball game. Okay. Admittedly, he was having a bad ball game even before the head injury, but that's the reason he didn't finish this thing. Hopefully, it's not a concussion. We'll find out soon enough. I don't think there's been an update since. If he's out first of all, Matisse Thybul picked up most of those minutes. And if someone could guarantee me that Thybul is gonna play 30 minutes a game, he would be a must add play in every format. Because in 30 minutes a game, he can probably get you 3 or more defensive stats even if he almost does nothing else, which is basically what he did here. He played 3033 minutes, I'm rounding, and had 6 points, 3 boards, and 2 assists. And you're like, oh my god, Dan. You're gonna put that dude on my team? Yeah. Well, 2 threes, a steal, and 2 blocks. If you average 2 threes, a steal, and 2 blocks, and you do almost nothing else, you're basically still near a top 100 guy. And then if you just get anything, just be on the board in points, boards, and assists. Again, this 621 whatever, that's actually enough, believe it or not. Because a a 2 game week out of this dude can getting getting you 6 defensive stats potentially, that's league winning stuff or week winning stuff. But I don't know that anybody can guarantee me he's gonna get 30 minutes of ballgame because Scoot could soak up some of those minutes. You could see Jabari Walker pick up some of those minutes. It's not a promise. But I think if we see it in the first game with Grant out, which I'm I'm gonna assume Grant's missing a ballgame, they're not gonna push him here with the, by concussions. You just you don't wanna screw around. And Portland's not exactly making a playoff push. Also of note, in addition to to tracking Thiebel, Shaden Sharp has huge efficiency issues. But with both Simons and now also probably Grant out, he almost has no choice but to take so many shots that he can overwhelm that number. Because, like, right now, Shaden Sharp is number 150, taking 15 shots a game because his field goal percent has been crap. His turnovers have been really high. I kinda don't care about the field goal turnover thing if suddenly they're just like, okay. Like, Shaden, you're gonna have to play he's playing 37 minutes a game right now, and they're just like, oh, by the way, he played 43 in this one. Oh, you gotta play 40, and, we need you to take at least 18 shots a game. I kinda don't care about the inefficiency in that spot. Then he's a go in all formats. Tomani Kamara had 5 defensive stats, but I'm gonna need to see more than that. And then Malcolm Brogdon is an obvious start as is Deandre Ayton, and that's your update on the blazers. Utah's a little screwball. I mean, we need to see Larry Markkanen get himself back into this thing because Utah's, generally kinda bad without him. John Collins had a nice one. That's good to see. He's gonna bounce around probably near the edge of the top 100, probably the whole season based on whether he's had 1 or 2 good ball games or 1 or 2 bad ones recently, but he should stay on rosters. You're ignoring Taylor Norton Tucker. You're likely ignoring Omar Yurtsevidal, although it's harder to do after a 15 rebound game. And, frankly, know, the team just played better in the lineups where he was on the court. But at some point here in the next week or 2, Walker Kessler is gonna overtake him, so don't worry too much about that. Colin Sexton, is getting more run with Jordan Clarkson out. He's a points only stream. And then Simona Fontecchio is your I need a couple of defensive stats and a 3 pointer, but I don't know that I can trust him to do anything else, fill in for Lowry Markkanen. And I have the exact same take on Keontae George today as I did, all of last week. I said it on almost every single show last week. He's a roto drop. His percentages and turnovers are gonna be too rough. He's a head to head long term stash, and you just kinda have to hope you catch him on a week where his percentages are not garbage, because, you know, 216 and 6, that's nice. That's something you want, but no defensive stats, bad field goal, bad free throw, bad turnover. That's more damage than good. And people have a hard time visualizing this because they're like, woah. 216 and 6, that seems really good. You're actually better off starting somebody who had, like, 143 and 3 plus a steal plus a block and didn't hurt your percentages on any given day. It's it's very hard to picture this because those numbers seem big, but they're not even close to big enough to counterweight the damage he was doing in the other categories. And that's why he's a long term head to head play. And for Roto, honestly, I don't have enough space on my teams to just sit on him indefinitely, so he can go back out of the wire. Sacramento beat Denver 123117. You know what's funny is I handicapped this ballgame, and I had the Kings, minus 4. And I put that out on Twitter along with Pacers and, Clippers who didn't cover. And now looking back, I don't remember why I ended up on the Kings because I sorta, like, dumped the info after I after I was done with it. Everything is compartmentalized in my brain. Once I'm done with something, I just move on from it. It ended up being a smart play, but I don't remember how I got there. This is the whole, like, Dan, what's going on with your head right now thing? Anyway, Reggie Jackson played, for Jamal Murray who came back for 1 ball game, but then turned an ankle. I'm assuming he'll be back relatively soon. It didn't seem like a huge deal. Reggie Jackson is a head to head streamable guy. Denver is not in the play in or the IST, so you're not doing anything right now. Typically, he's not good enough in 9 cat roto, just to keep that in the back of your mind. Aaron Gordon is back. Also, by the way, hasn't been a 9 cat roto guy. Much more head to head, you know, punt free throw type, but no huge changes on Denver. And although okay. So Sacramento actually is experiencing a small change right now, and that small change is a feller named Malik Monk, who at the beginning of this year, I was like, look. I I wanna have him on my roster. And I'm I'm gonna repeat myself because sometimes you guys don't remember what I've said. I said, as long as Malik Monk is stuck in the 22 minute range when De'Aaron Fox is healthy, he can't be on rosters. But lately, even with Fox around the last 5 ball games, he's played 26, 30, 26, 28, and 28 again. And my estimation, does that make him a guaranteed rest of season play? No. Not necessarily, but I think it's enough to make sure that he's on your team. K? That's that's all it really means to me, because he's number 121 overall right now and 24 and a half minutes per ball game, which basically tells us that unless there's a star like, a a hard tapering of his per game production, if he's playing 26 minutes or more, he's a 9 cat, 12 team, all format, startable guy. And that's where he's at the last week and change. Now, yes, he's also run hot. He's shooting 54% from the field, and he's made something like, you know, 13 or 14 free throws in a row. And these are things that are not gonna stick long term, so that's why over the last week and change, he's in the top 60. But even if you account for the field goal percent coming way down and the free throw percent, which is gonna be good for him coming down a little bit, that still puts him inside the top 100. So Malik Monk is your and kinda buried the lead a little bit here. He's definitely the ad of the day or the ad of the weekend because now he's cleared that border. And I sat on him. I'll admit, I sat on him in 1 or 2 head to head leagues because I kinda liked what he was doing in points and assists and free throw percent in head to head. And I was like, you know what? These are good enough. And I, like, I don't need to be good in all nine things to win this head to head league. I think he's really now crossed the the line for Roto as well. That's probably the big news there because he was heavily rostered in head to head formats and not that heavily rostered in Roto, and that that was accurate up until about a week ago, but now it's all formats. And then the Lakers beat the Rockets. This game had some drama. Ime Udoka and LeBron James got into a, little bit of a thing where Udoka was calling LeBron a b word, and LeBron was like, come on, man. Don't throw that word around. Because LeBron's a family man. Damn it. And, Udoka has shown himself to not be a family man, if you know what I'm talking about. Anyway, fantasy wise, really nothing. You know? Jalen Green is a 9 cat disaster. Dillon Brooks came back to Earth. Al Prince Changu took 25 shots in this game. Holy moly. That's a lot. I don't know that having him as the exclusive shot taker, into Anthony Davis was maybe the best offensive game plan here. Freddie VanVleet was probably your better game plan because the Lakers' guards right now are not as good at guarding people. But whatever. Lakers got off to a pretty good lead. This one got closer in the closing minutes. If you're wondering why I don't know why Freddie Van Duley played 39 minutes in this game, frankly. But if you're wondering why, you know, D Lowe only had 26 and, LeBron where was Braun at in this one? He ended up at 35. So they got him until about the 2, 3 minute mark at the end. AD played 37. Lakers knew they had a couple days off, but they did they weren't, like, really pressing because the game was, not super close in the last 3 minutes, or you would have seen everybody with about 2 to 3 more from the regulars. Speaking of the regulars, D'Angelo's been awesome, but he's pretty much universally rostered at this point. What's his rank these days? Actually, he's top 25 over the last week. Good for D'Lo. 60 on the season. That's pretty cool. Obviously, you're starting D'Lo, AD, Reeves. Reeves had a great ballgame too, more so on the if you watched it as opposed to statistically speaking. I told you guys LeBron was gonna cool. That was one of the big sell highs from the last, I think, 2 sell high shows. We had him on at least one of them. Because the thing was, you knew the field goal percent wasn't gonna stay at 58 with as many 3 pointers as he was making, and now he's fallen to number 29. And believe it or not, I actually think there's more room to drop. Not that I don't love Bron. He made some insane shots in this ballgame, and, obviously, the lakers are always better when he's on the floor. But he's just he's not trying to do as much this year. He's got guys like AD and Reeves and D'Lo to go shoulder a little bit of the load, and so far, they have. What do you do with the fringy lakers? Well, I I don't think anything because they got Kim Reddish, Jared Vanderbilt, Jackson Hayes all back for this ballgame, and then Rui Hatamura sounds like he could be back for the next one. So you probably just leave those guys alone because, frankly, there's there's too many of them. Let's go back to Friday, which was, a pretty light one. And I already did some mid show promos, so we can just roll right into Friday. Washington at Orlando, we talked about the Magic already. The Wizards, this ballgame was closer, everybody. I'm a little pissed that Tyus Jones still only got 26 minutes because they were good ones. 136 and 2 steals with 3 3 pointers. That's good. Bilal or Cooley as we've been calling him on the show. Shot 6 of 7. That's why he had a good fantasy game, but there's just not enough usage there to warrant a roster spot. Gaffer, good. Kuzma, good again. Poole, not good again. And then Denny Avia, who's been kinda bouncing back and forth between good and not as good, he's currently at 107, which for 9 Cat, that's a hold. People keep asking me what the hell they're supposed to do about Jordan Poole. And I keep saying, I told you guys not to draft him at 40. It was too dangerous. Too much there was upside, yes, but there was so much downside. I think we're seeing he's just he's just not a great basketball player. I do think he gets better than 200, which is where he ranked right now. 39% from the field probably gets a little bit better, but he's looking like a guy who might just not be a roto play at any point this year. I know how you can drop him because you probably drafted him in the 4th round, but you can't trade him for anything. You know what? I tell you this. I would buy on Jordan Poole if I could get him for someone who's just, like, casually floating near a 100, like Denisovia, but that's not gonna get it done. Like, you're not gonna get him for those dudes. I don't know that I would give up anybody in that range who has some, like, room to grow. Maybe you could give up John Collins because he's probably never gonna be better than, like, number 85 this year. You're not giving up much in the way of upside. Bruce Brown, it's kind of a low upside play in that range. Saadiq Bey is not gonna get it done. Who else is in there that has a shot? De'Anthony Melton. Like, I might do it for Melton because Philly's gonna get crowded, and they might trade for another star. And so there's this possible downside built in, but I'm not be I'm not giving up the upside guys in that range. Kigan Murray, I'd rather have. Jaylen Brown, obviously. Drew Holiday, Walker Kessler. These are all guys that I'd much prefer to have over Jordan Poole. But if you can find someone in that range that's just sort of a plotter, that's the guy you give up just to say, hey. Maybe we catch lightning in a bottle with Poole at some point, but also maybe not. The New York Knickerbockers. Josh Hart, 3 games in a row with 30 minutes. He's an ad. I don't know what to tell you guys. Every time I'm ready to quit Josh Hart, something happens, and he gets 30 minutes of ballgame. He's number 143 in 28 minutes a game. Some of that's because he's basically just refused to shoot the ball until 3 games back. But it seems like maybe he's starting to get over that hump a little bit, although he took 3 shots against Detroit, 10 and 11 against, Charlotte and Toronto. That's probably the 2 that I'd rather look at. But he's also been hot in those games, so maybe that's had something to do with it. I'm fully aware that Josh Hart could play 24 minutes in the next ballgame, and then he'd be a drop again. But I also promised you guys that if he played 30 minutes in a row for a couple of ballgames, I would pick him up. And so now I kinda have to keep my word even if it's gonna be boring. Toronto is a 0, fantasy interest team right now. Everybody is doing exactly what we expected based on the 1st few weeks of the year. Scottie Barnes had a nice little bounce back here, after he had kinda cooled a tad. He pushed himself back up towards the end of the first round. I still think he's probably more of a, like, 25 to 35 range dude when the whole season comes to an end, but so so far, you've been better than that. And, look, I was too low on him on draft day. People on Twitter are like, Dan, are you just mad because you were low on him? Yeah. I was low on on Barnes. He's taking a big leap forward, and I didn't have him as one of the guys. That's fine. We got plenty of wins elsewhere. If you guys are wondering, like, all all of my roto redraft teams are dominating right now, and I've done it without Scottie Barnes. But, yeah, I wish I had him. Meanwhile, I feel like so much less of an idiot since Dennis Schroder cooled off. He's down to number 98 on the season. I like the 16 points and the 7 assists. That's nice. I like the free throws, but it really does have a little bit of that Dinwiddie, vibe of the low field goal percent, not many defensive stats, and Schroder doesn't even really shoot the 3 ball very much. Head to head, he's very much a play. Roto, Schroder is in jeopardy of falling out of the playable zone. He's number 136 over the last 3 weeks because there's just been, you know, 3 positive categories and, like, 4 or 5 negative ones. I didn't make up how math works. That's just how it works. But, also, my handicapping on shooters seems to be, much more accurate than it looked like the 1st 2 weeks of the season when I was like, oh my god. Did I badly miss on this? Nope. We got it. It's just a matter of understanding, like, how a guy got to a specific spot. Let's see. We talked Memphis. We talked Dallas. We haven't talked Philly or Boston, and that should be fun because, for Philly, Joel Embiid and Tyrese Maxey missed this ballgame. And you can see on your screen, Batum was out. Kelly Oubre was out. Oubre, they're hoping to get back on Wednesday. I don't know how much he's going to play in that one, coming back from what we believe to be relatively serious, rib and core injuries, but he'll get back in there. Maxey and Embiid both practice that news broke about 10 minutes ago while we've been talking as did Nick Batum. So you can kinda throw this game out because Embiid being back and Maxey being back and Oubre being back and Batum being back means that Paul Reed's not gonna play that much. Pat Beverly's not gonna play that much. Rob Covington is not gonna play that much. Marcus Morris is not gonna play that much. And the only guys that played in this ballgame that are gonna get to play in the next one are Tobias Harris and De'Anthony Melton. So dump the box, ladies and germs. Ah, the Celtics. Does anything make Dan Vesperos happier than Al Horford smashing on the fantasy side? And you know what's really funny? Horford's been so good since Kristoff Porzingis went down that he's now inside the top 100 on the season. That's crazy. He's top 50 over the last 3 weeks, and Porzingis wasn't even out for the first of those. He's top 30 over the last 2 weeks, which again, that also includes a game, I think, where Porzingis wasn't down. And he's a 1st rounder over the last week and a half. Al freaking Horford, everybody. One of the best fantasy plays on the board since Porzingis went down, so rock and roll. Jayson Tatum got ejected in this ballgame, so Sam Hauser picked up a few extra minutes. He's a 3 pointer stream, and, that's the general story with the Celtics who do play early this week. So if you can wedge some streamers in there, Hauser, Pritchard, obviously, Horford if you've got him. He's a juicy one. And then Porzingis was like, oh, yeah. I'm gonna be back soon, but, obviously, a calf for a 7 foot 3 inch u the original Unicorn OG edition is not a small deal. Speaking of OG, I forgot to talk about him in that Toronto game. Anunoby had 9 points, 5 boards, 3 assists, a steal, and 2 blocks. I mean, there's still, like, infinite room for him to improve. He's outside the top 200 over the last week because he's shooting 25% at the free throw line and 36% from the field. So there's just, like, you can still go get him. Spurs, I think the only other team that played yeah. We don't we don't have to go farther back than Friday. San Antonio is annoying. This was a Wembley less ball game. That's the only reason that I'm gonna spend some time on it. No Wembanyama. And, that meant that everybody kinda shifted up a spot, and then, Champagne got the start at small forward, and I don't care. And Malachi Brandon started at shooting guard, and I don't care, because they wanted to bring Demetavacel off the bench, and I don't care. What I do care about is, Zach Collins playing only 24 minutes in this game in a game that basically turned into a blowout, and Charles Bassey getting 19. If Bassey was going to be guaranteed 20 minutes, he'd be a fantasy play. But it sounds like Wimby is probably gonna be back for their next one because they were off for 4 or 5 days or whatever it is between contests. And then, like, I find a lot of these players kind of annoying to roster. Jeremy Sohwan is extraordinarily annoying to roster, so I don't have him. I don't have any Vassell. Do I still think you see the field goal percent come back down? Lemmy's fun. I'll give you that. And then we talked about Zach Collins late last week as a guy whose value is being sort of artificially deflated by the high turnovers, but even he's not been he's been imperfect so far this year. Spurs are just annoying. Let's flip the old covers over and see what's going on tonight. Just 2 ball games. Boston at Indiana and New Orleans at Sacramento so we can zoom in real tight for those watching live. You get the giant font on your screen right now. What are we looking for? Well, you know, Boston is, still without Porzingis, so Horford. And then Indiana, we're waiting to find out what's going on with Halliburton. He's questionable. That illness, man, I don't know if you guys have had it. The illness going around right now, this this chest coughing one, there's just like no way you could play a good basketball game while coughing up a lung out there. So maybe Alberton doesn't go. And if we can get that information early enough, I I would hope that you can. McConnell would be an amazing pickup. Especially, by the way, if you can figure out which of these teams is gonna win today, Boston's favored by 5a half. So I think there's an assumption that Halliburton's not going based on that number on the road. Kings favored by 3a half, which I think that's telling you they expect both teams to be relatively healthy in the nightcap. You could probably get out in front of it and grab McConnell now. But you're also saying, do we think Indiana can beat Boston with that lineup? My guess would be no. So if you wanna really win the stream game this week, see if you can figure out which teams today and tomorrow are gonna win. Because then those teams will play on Thursday, and then you could get 2 quiet day streamers with one move. So, like, do you think Boston's gonna beat Indy? Then maybe Hauser is the guy because you get him today, you get him Thursday. Do you think Sacramento is gonna beat New Orleans? Maybe. Is Harrison Barnes on your wire? Maybe he's the guy you look at or even a Trey Lyles if you wanna go farther down the board. As opposed to, you know, this like, New Orleans, if McCollum's not traveling, maybe the better one game play would be a Dyson Daniels or but if you're gonna have to punt on him because then he's doesn't play again until Friday on an overload day, maybe you try to get the guy that you think plays twice before then. Because remember, whoever loses these Monday, Tuesday games doesn't play again until Friday on a day where you probably have a full roster anyway. So you really are trying to guess who's gonna win. And if you wanted to get out in front of it, we can even look at tomorrow a tiny bit, and we'll do this again tomorrow. But tomorrow's games are the Knicks at the Bucks, and the Suns at the Lakers. I actually kinda think Phoenix beats LA. I think the Lakers have beat the Suns twice already this year. It's really hard to beat the same team 3 times in a row. And I think this will be the first time that the Suns will have 2 stars in, or did they have Booker and Duran? No. I think they only had Duran in the 2 previous ones. So Phoenix, I know I don't like the streamers all that much, but tomorrow, if you wanted to go, you know, Grayson Allen or Joshua Kogee, maybe you get 2 games out of those guys. And then the Bucks, do we think the Bucks beat the Knicks? Possibly. Portis is out there. You go that route. I wish we got a good report on someone like a Pat Connaughton. He'd be another interesting kinda fill in type dude. As opposed to looking at Lakers like Cam Reddish or Torrian Prince, who are probably easier guys to pick up, or on the Knicks if Josh Hart is out there, if you think those teams lose, at least that's Tuesday to Friday. So it's not the, like, Monday all the way to Friday, but it's still a pain in the butt if you could get a guy that goes on 2 quieter days. We're up near an hour already, so I think we're probably gonna go light on questions today. Plus, I think I mentioned it right at the beginning of the show. My day is gonna get screwed up a little by, a kid's doctor's appointment. So I'm gonna do just 1 or 2 quick ones here. This is a good question from Adam Limburger. What is Terry Rozier's trade value? And the honest answer to that is, I don't really know. I think some folks are gonna be grading him on a curve because LaMelo Ball is out, and he's been very big in those couple of ball games. But he's also a guy that we've seen put up top 60 numbers when LaMelo is around because he's able to play off ball and get better looks. I think his trade value is probably not as good as his actual rank. He's number 63 in 9 cat right now. You're probably not gonna get a 60 range guy back for Rozier. So the best move with him is probably to just enjoy this run, see what happens as opposed to trading down for, like, an 80 range guy when Terry probably does have the ability to roll better than that for some time here over the next couple of weeks. Let me see if I can find one more question that applies to everybody. What do we got? Lots of really good questions in here, but there a lot of them are are hyper specific. Okay. Who would you rather pick up between Malik Monk and Josh Hart? That's a good follow-up question because I talked about both of those guys. My answer is Monk because I have no idea what's going on. Like, RJ Barrett's minutes have been down the last couple of ball games for New York. That's been basically a direct correlation. Yes. Malik Monk has been hot, so that plays a part in why he's seen more minutes, but it also does kinda feel like there's a good chemistry thing happening there. So I'd rather go Monk and just kinda see what happens. He's also more fun to have in head to head because he scores more, but, I'll go I'll go Malik Monk there. And then last question, any news on Anthony Simons? No. He's pretty deep into the expected timeline. I would assume another week or 2 just to sort of, like, don't get your hopes too high. But I gotta think we see him before Christmas. That'd be a real that'd be the, like, the longest possible recovery from what he was dealing with. So assume he'll be back in the next 2 weeks. 3 would be the absolute longest. If you made it this far, just just stick it out. Thanks again, everybody. Wonderful time with all of you guys. Appreciate you hanging out. A nice live audience today. I am at Dan Vasquez over on social. I'll see you guys over there. We got a few things to do on Twitter today even with just the, little short card. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. Again, please do hang out in Discord. I left that link on the board for, like, the majority of today's show. You can also find it in the description. If you didn't if you're not watching, if you're just listening, please hit a like button, something on something I'm doing, anything at all. And then, again, I we can, you know, tell you more about what's going on in the universe over on social and in Discord. And, again, at some point later on today, we're gonna do a weekly preview show. I just don't know exactly when. Whatever that is, I'll talk to you then. So long for now, everybody.