Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Well, we got one day of games to recap now, don't we? It's a fresh new world out there in season episodes of Fantasy NBA Today. They are officially upon us, and I don't even know how to feel. I like my emotions are all over the map. I'm excited. I'm in this weird low because the effort level of the ramp up to the season was so unbelievably high that my body's like, damn, you gotta take your foot off the gas. And at the same time, this is not the moment to take your foot off the gas. This is when you gotta be extra vigilant to find out if anything is taking shape in a way that either we did or did not expect. First thing is, hello, everybody. This is Fantasy NBA Today. I am your host, Dan Vazpris. Opening night recap show, we're also gonna mush it in together and do a big Wednesday preview on this one because, well, there were only 2 games on opening night. And so if we just did a recap of that, we'd have a 9 minute show. Max, and that's probably not worth my time. Also, when possible, I am gonna try to fit both of those elements, the recap and the look ahead into one program. There might be days where you have, you know, like a big card and then another big card where it might be easier to split them up. Again, most of the time, we'll try to get them into one show together that would allow for more specialty episodes, buy low, sell high, stuff like that. We can do kinda, you know, one off special shows and and move from there. I wanna start the recap here by reminding everybody of something very important about fantasy sports, and that is it's a long, long season. Good things happen on day 1. Bad things happen on day 1. Good things happen on day 2, bad things happen on day 2. Because one good thing or one bad thing happened on the first game of the season for your specific team or your specific player, that does not make them true for the whole year. So for instance, as an example, I'm going to be talking I'm gonna give an example on both sides of this. Chris Paul, who, you know, couldn't throw a stone in the ocean in yesterday's ballgame, but ended up with 14 points, 6 boards, 9 assists, 2 steals, 6 out of 7 free throw shooting, ended up with a really nice ballgame. I loved it because you guys know how many places I end up with Chris Paul. I am every time I think I'm out, they pull me back in kinda thing with him. That doesn't mean it's gonna be this good every night. You'll notice I'm not taking a Chris Paul victory lap today, because one game doing a victory lap after one game is, like, guaranteeing that the karmic gods are gonna come down and smite me. On the opposite side, Devin Booker had a massive first game. I'm not gonna get off of my position, which is I don't think he's that brilliant of a passer. And you guys out there who disagreed with me on that shouldn't be taking a victory lap either because the karmic gods will slap you down too. This is why we assess things over the entire season. Let's get into some of the recap stuff. I've already got the page ready to go. Here it is. It's shared. I wanna get up to the 1st game on the board from yesterday. Lakers lost to Denver 119107. Denver, it's the weirdest damn phenomenon. Despite being the world champs, they still have somehow convinced themselves that they're the underdogs to the Lakers, and so they actually came out with more fight than LA did. And the way we know this to be true is because Michael Malone played his starters 36 minutes. Jokic got 36, Gordon 35, Jamal 34, KCP 36, Michael Porter Junior, a scant 30 minutes while the Lakers played LeBron 29 and then came out after the ball game to say that, yeah, he's basically gonna be on a season long minutes cap. Anthony Davis played 34. D'Angelo Russell actually led the team in minutes at 36, but Austin Reeves, 31. Torian Prince, 30. This game seemed to mean more to the Nuggets than it did to the Lakers, which is kind of unusual when you figure the Nuggets swept them out of the playoffs last year. But it's actually one of the reasons why I kinda liked the Nuggets on the spread in this game. We didn't get into betting stuff on yesterday's show. We'll we'll touch on that a little bit as we work our way through the season this year. It won't be a a main focal point, but it will come up from time to time. From a fantasy standpoint, the notes on this game are or at least the things that I was looking at on the Nuggets side, would anybody take up the Bruce Brown mantle or, frankly, just the Bruce Brown minutes? And after day 1, the answer so far is no. Nobody took the Bruce Brown minutes. Christian Brown got a couple extra. Reggie Jackson actually got a bunch extra. They went smaller. Zeke Nagy played 12. Peyton Watson played 11. The bench for Denver was basically a nonfactor in yesterday's game. I know Reggie Jackson did, like, some stuff, but when you figure, like, the Lakers went I don't know. I mean, Max Maxwell Lewis and Max Christie got in there for the last minute. 15 in junk time, Jalen Pickett, Braxton, and Keaton, Colin Gillespie did the same over on the Nuggets side. If you remove that, Denver went 9 deep, and I think the Lakers went 10 deep because Jackson Hayes played 7 minutes. But the Nuggets going 9 deep, like, that doesn't even really tell the story because it was 24 minutes, 19 minutes, then 11 and 12 for their bench guys. For the Lakers, you had an 18, you had a 22, you had a 16, you had a 15. There were just more of them. Why am I getting into all that stuff? It seems like we're digging way too far into the thick stuff. We've left the fairway here on this discussion to say, for Denver, your 5 starters are your plays right now. We talked a bunch on this show through the draft season about KCP being like a kind of 90 to 100 range quiet plotter, not super exciting. In fact, one of the questions on yesterday's pod was, would you start KCP tonight? And I think I said, yeah. If you need threes and steals, you start them. And you got you 2 threes and 3 steals. Also got you 20 points, which is not something that's gonna repeat itself. But 2 steal or 2 threes, 3 steals, if that's what you need, he's the guy that's gonna get them for you, and that'll probably be enough to when you're looking at just Fantasy rank standpoint. In 9 Cat, that'll probably get him inside the top 100 if but barely over the course of the year, but it's still good enough. Meanwhile, to do the superhero voice over. Over on the Lakers side, Torrian Prince got the start, played 30 minutes at small forward. Jared Vanderbilt was out, so that was a factor. Rui Hachimura didn't get to play very much, so that was a factor. Did I like what I saw at Torian Prince? Yes, actually. I mean, you know, got wide open 3 pointers and hit a bunch of them, but he's not gonna shoot 6 out of 8 from the field in every ballgame. He's not gonna make 4 threes in every ballgame. The lack of rebounds, assists, steals, he did sort of fall into a block is a thing that will hold him back. I know he had a big ball game yesterday, but you have to remove the, basically, the things that are anomalous, which is 75% shooting. If you assume over the long haul, he makes between 3 and 4 of his 8 shots instead of 6, that pretty dramatically swings his line from yesterday from 18 points, 4 threes to something more like 9 points, 2 to 3 threes, and not a whole lot else. From a streaming standpoint on the head to head side, I guess I would get it. Lakers have a pretty good schedule this week. We don't know if Jared Vanderbilt's gonna be back for those games, but I wouldn't spend a roto caps game on Prince. And I certainly am not adding him in any format where I have, a roster slot that I wanna kinda keep through. LeBron was decent, but 29 minutes is a problem. And this is why throughout the whole damn draft season, I don't know if anybody yelled at anyone as much as I yelled at you guys about not drafting LeBron James this year. I said if he falls into the forties, I would look at it. He never fell into the forties. The lakers wanna keep his minutes down, and everybody's in a full blown panic right now on Lakers' Twitter. Oh, the lakers can't win if LeBron James doesn't play 36 minutes of ballgame. Friends, the Lakers lost to the champs. They lost to the best team in the freaking NBA. Don't worry about it. This isn't something that they're gonna change the plan on after one day. Yes. I do think LeBron eventually works his way into the low thirties, but I don't think you're getting that 3536 number from last year. You're not getting 22 shots a game from him. You're not getting 9 or 10 assists per game. And if he misses his free throws, the upside is pretty severely capped. This is why I said fade. I like the minutes for Anthony Davis. I expect the field goal percent will be fine. You know, it's a game where he just got rolled by Jokic. Austin Reeves, same story. Field goal percent will be fine. He got himself to the free throw line. Didn't hit him in this one, but I think actually generally encouraged by his minutes and his production. And then maybe my favorite storyline on the lakers, and I know he's getting roasted for, like, taking an ISO 3 at some point yesterday. But that's D'Angelo Russell, who is a plus 1, plus minus in this ballgame, so that's good for him. He is generally playing harder, and he's gonna run hot and cold. He went 4 for 12 shooting in this game. He'll go 6 for 12 in a future game. It'll balance out to somewhere in the low forties. 11 points, 4 boards, 7 assists, a steal, and a couple of 3 pointers on a bad shooting night is a really good outcome for Delo. Because a better shooting night and this game is 17 points, 4 boards, 7 assists, a steal, and a couple of 3 pointers or maybe even 3 of them. And the midpoint on that, if he's getting around 14 points a game and over 6 assists a night with threes and steals, then this is a guy who was falling into the early 100 in Fantasy drafts, and he has a potential to be a pretty nice hit. So I liked that. Game 2 on the docket, I think probably had both more and less to talk about from yesterday, which is a weird way to frame it. But both Phoenix and Golden State had a critical piece out in their lineup. For Phoenix, it was Bradley Beal, and that allowed Devin Booker and Kevin Durant and Eric Gordon, mind you, to do more than they would have done if he was there. Because, look, if Beal is there, he takes basically all of those Eric Gordon shots. Sorry, Gordon. You're not taking 16 shots when Beal is upright because nobody else really wanted to shoot all that much. Joshua Kogee had a good ballgame, but he shot 78%. That's not repeatable. Nurk only took 8 shots at 5 fouls. I'd honestly think 28 minutes is probably a pretty good target for him. But Booker, 21 shots, Durant, 22. If we think Beal is gonna come in and try to get up near 20 as well, that's probably a recipe for Book and KD to come down a little bit. Is anybody worried about Kevin Durant having a bad shooting game? You shouldn't be. He's Kevin Durant. We can pat I think we can gloss right over him. The storylines, I would think, on the Phoenix side are number 1, Devin Booker, 32 points, 6 boards, 8 assists, 3 threes, and a steal, on terrific percentages. Yes. He had 6 turnovers, but that's because he was the only ball handling guard basically at all on this damn team yesterday. Jordan Goodwin played 14 minutes, but that's the closest facsimile they had to a point guard getting out there, besides Booker. So this, I think, is one of those moments where I want people to try to take a quick step back, not run the victory lap, not throw up the mission accomplished banner. But in fact, look at this for what it is, which is a perfect opportunity for Devin Booker to get off to a fantastic start. Because Beal, not that he's gonna take a lot away from Booker, but he will take some. Because we heard them talking about how they wanted Beal running some point to get Booker off ball a little bit more. Booker, as we've seen in games where Chris Paul wasn't there in the past, has a very high turnover rate when he's the primary point guard because he's only a decent passer and not a, like, preeminent point guard level passer. I saw a few folks post on Twitter last night that Booker had an 8 assist game, and they were like, he's gonna average 7 to 8 assists. Guys, I'm pretty sure that this is gonna be one of the higher assist totals you see this year. And it's also worth pointing out, he got 3 of those assists in the final 2 minutes of the ball game. You gotta know context, and you also need to kinda understand averages. Because if this is one of the good ones, then there are gonna be games where there are 4, 3, 4 assist nights, and it's gonna average what did I say during the run up? Between 5a half and 6a half was my target for Booker. 7 to 8 to 8 plus. Like, do we really think that this was the midpoint for him? I get it. It's a huge ball game, and I'm not here to pour a bunch of water on it. Because if you have Booker yesterday, you got off to a really damn good start and everything other than turnovers. He also shot the ball well. He's basically the only player or only, like, big time player outside of, what, Nikola Jokic? I guess LeBron shot it okay. But, like, most of the big name players, and we'll talk about the warriors in a minute, most of the big name players could not throw a stone in the ocean. Kevin Durant had one of his worst shooting games. He'll probably have the entire season here on opening night. Booker hit everything. The 3 threes, also a high number for him. He doesn't usually hit 3 3 pointers a night. The 6 rebounds, high for him. Please, I know you wanna look at this with rose colored lenses. My job is to try to make sure everybody looks at everything in a pragmatic way. And for Booker, not that you could, like, sell high on a second rounder, because what are you gonna get? A late first round over him, and you're not gonna get it after 1 ball game. Just make sure you understand that when Beal comes back and things level off, this was one of the better all around games. Not the best. He'll have some other really good ones mixed in there because he's Devin freaking Booker. And even when I was down on him, I still thought he was a reasonable late second round kinda grab. I just didn't want him near the turn, and I still don't think he's gonna be at the turn. After one good ball game, it doesn't really change my opinion of that because the shooting was exceptionally high. There was no other point guard out there with him. And 6 turnovers a game, yeah, that matters. And one combined defensive stat, that matters. This is why, by the way, based on just z score alone, I know you can't go on that. Aaron Gordon technically had a better game yesterday than Devin Booker. I know. Technically, you'd still rather have book, but I'm just pointing out a couple of things. Yousef Nurkic, I like it. 28 minutes for him is a good sign. Don't expect big scoring numbers, but if he can facilitate a little bit, he got his 3 assists, rebound a whole bunch. He did that. Durant, I think, is gonna be rebounding a lot. Booker or Nurk got a block. Hopefully, he can get a block, a steal, some fraction of a big fraction call it, like, you know, 0.7 to 1 of each would be swell. I'm encouraged by this first game in Phoenix for him. I'm encouraged by Drew Eubanks if you're looking at a slightly deeper format. 3 blocks is good, but bad shooting, bad free throws, bad turnover is not good. 19 minutes isn't enough. Let's be honest. Eubanks, we've seen him before. He needs to get closer to starters minutes to really be a 12 teamer. But as a deeper league guy, he's interesting. Grayson Allen, wet fart of a first game. You can throw him in out, in the old garbage. And on in terms of the Eric Gordon stuff, no chance I'm picking him up in Roto. Head to head, if we find out that Beal is missing any more time, you probably throw Gordon in the mix and just hope that he has a better shooting night, kinda the old close your eyes and pray night for him. Because if this terrible night levels off with a not quite so terrible night, 16 shots is enough to get some kind of fantasy value on the board, and that's the Phoenix Suns data point without Bradley Beal. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Over on the warriors' side, and we'll have to do kind of some similar stuff here, Steph Curry, only one assist in yesterday's ballgame. I would caution folks not to get too down on Steph after one game. Because I think, first of all, he was in foul trouble. He had 5 fouls, so he only played 30 and a half minutes. That number will probably be higher in typical competitive ball games. Again, this is just like the trying to make sure that everybody sees things for the one game that it is. Steph well, first of all, no Draymond Green. We should preface the warriors' discussion with the lack of Draymond, which makes everything go kind of into the toilet for the warriors. That's the way it's always been. They've built what they do around Steph and Draymond. Those 2 guys need to be on the court for the warriors to be the warriors because Dre is excellent at facilitating, and Steph draws so many defenders out him, and Dre is such a wide bodied man. He sets these screens. Teams just leave him. And so Draymond drives down the middle, find somebody who's wide open because you can't just give him an unimpeded path to the rim. Even Draymond can make a damn layup, and that's how the warriors operate. But they didn't have that guy. Kevon Looney is not that guy. He sets good screens, but he's not the the passing threat that Draymond did. So someone can just step kind of near him, force him to make a tough play going to the rim, and Looney is not gonna be able to finish that. So it's just a different monster. Therefore, you saw Moore actually shuttle into the hands of Chris Paul, who while I'd love to throw my own ticker tape parade, I am a pragmatic man fully aware that I don't wanna say this is gonna be one of the better games of the year for Chris Paul, but from an assists standpoint, 9 is probably one of the bigger numbers you'll see. He's still Chris Paul, so he's still gonna find his way into assists, and his team didn't shoot well. So he'll get assists easier than he got last night. And that's sort of the balancing act with him where if his teammates could shoot better in this ballgame, Paul might have had 11 or 12 assists yesterday. But once Draymond comes back, that number is gonna come back down again. So I would think something between 7 and 9 is a reasonable target for CP 3. The steals are gonna be there. The boards were a little bit high for him. I don't that's gonna stick. And then the field goal percent will obviously be better than 27%. I don't know that he's gonna get back into that high forties that he was when he was younger, because, look, Chris Paul was drafted in 2,005. I think he's the 3rd oldest player in the NBA behind LeBron and PJ Tucker right now. So the 14 points, I mean, that seems kinda reasonable. I don't know that he gets 15 shots every ballgame. Efficiency will be better. A lot of stuff with CP 3 was like, well, this will happen, but then this will also happen. So as I look at this ball game for Chris Paul, who's someone that I'd love to, like, jump in front of you guys and yell, yay, we did it kinda thing, this is probably a better opportunity for him because of Draymond. You'll see better games from him when the opportunity isn't as good. And so, overall, it probably levels off to something maybe just a hair below this in the categories that you're hunting with him, most notably assists and steals. And then the stuff that you're not hunting as much, which is like points, there's a possibility that that could actually improve some some days, as well as 3 pointers. He missed all of those, and he and he did take a few. Also of note, kinda looping back around to the Steph Curry side, because Chris Paul was the guy orchestrating, that took Steph out of his usual role, which was the primary with Draymond on the screen, and then Steph able to distribute off of all of the attention he draws. I would expect that to drift back in Curry's direction. He'll get to do more when he's not in foul trouble. He'll get to do more when Draymond is in there at the big man spot. I wouldn't worry about that. Steph's not gonna average 1 assist per ball game. But with Chris Paul around, now kind of in addition to Draymond, yeah, I think there's a very real chance that Steph's assists aren't quite as high as they were last year at 6.3. Maybe they dropped down into the high fours, low fives. Feels like something that could very easily happen. Also of note, on the Warriors side, a brutal, brutal performance from Andrew Wiggins. I mean, that was about as bad as it could have possibly gone. I have 0 Andrew Wiggins' on any of my, like, 10, 11 total Fantasy teams this year. So this one didn't directly impact me, but watching it happen, I was sitting there going, oh, what's going on here? He'll play his way into game shape a little bit better, but he did only play 27 minutes. And it's possible that Jonathan Kuminga getting better might actually hurt Wiggins more than we thought. Like, the the and by the way, Moses Moody played relatively well in his 18 minutes, on top of that. And Gary Payton, the second, played 22 minutes off the bench. So the thing is right now for the warriors, they have a little bit more depth, I think, this year than the last two seasons, at least, that they trust with Kuminga getting better, Dario Sharich being a little bit of a better floor spacing back, Moody being someone they trust, Payton being someone they trust, Corey Joseph played 4 minutes and was a minus 12, by the way, in yesterday's ballgame, so I don't think that he's gonna be a guy they trust regularly. But all of this stuff rolled together, do you think that's gonna impact Steph? No. Klay Thompson? No. Dre? No. C p 3? Maybe. But probably no. And, unfortunately, the guy left over where you're like, well, maybe it could eat in a little bit is Wiggins. If he's not having a really good game with the laser focus and really, like, all things locked in, you saw it yesterday. He just lost out to Kuminga and Moody and Payton as they went to slightly different looks. Wiggins was a team worst minus 22 in his 27 minutes. Basically, every lineup he was in was trash in yesterday's game. Do I think he'll be better? Yes. Do I also think that last year was a little bit fluky? Remember, he was, like, a top 40 guy until he had all the family stuff go down. Everything was just way over out over his skis last season. You're not dropping him. If I need to say that. And then Klay Thompson, 15.7 boards, 3 assists, a block, 3 3 pointers. The shot wasn't there. I like the general activity. He led the team in minutes played at 36, which is also, I think, a good sign. One of the fears I saw in initial reactions was that he looked slow. And, I mean, yeah, see you know, 2 catastrophic injuries. I think he plays himself into pretty good shape this year. I'm I'm fairly bullish on Klay Thompson. And, again, give me Klay getting 18 shots a game, and I kinda don't care what else is going on. 36 minutes and 18 shots, he will have a good fantasy season. Question for him becomes, does he shoot 42%, 3, 4, 5, 6? What's the number there? Because that's what moves his value around. Is he a high volume 43? Because that's hurting you. Or is he a high volume 45a half? Because that's only hurting you a little bit. But 3 to 4 threes a game is well within reach. He had 4 threes a game last season. The rebounds were kinda high here. That's not something that's gonna stick. The assists, 2 to 3, repeatable. You got a block, no steals. Those will probably flip flop in most games. And then, obviously, you'd love to see him get to the foul line twice. I mean, you'd take it as he's a really good foul shooter. But, generally, I liked what I saw there. I think everybody wants to know my thoughts on Jonathan Kuminga. He played a solid 20 minutes. He was in and out of foul trouble early in this ball game. So could there have been more last night? Yes. But when Draymond comes back, that's going to squeeze him a little bit there. So it was another one of these things where I was like and I don't know how long Draymond's gonna miss. Hopefully, not too many ball games. But Kuminga has this golden opportunity right now with no Draymond to step in there and outplay Andrew Wiggins and just soak up a whole bunch of forward minutes, and the fouls cooked him yesterday. But he's probably streamable on the head to head side while while Green is out. When Draymond comes back, I would I'd like to see how that develops before I make any more suggestions. Before I pivot into the big Wednesday look ahead, I wanted to quickly remind everybody, like and subscribe. We're in in season mode now, people. This is a fresh new universe of all critical time sensitive basketball information all the time. And, also, for most of these shows, especially ones where we're where we're not mushing them together, use the YouTube chat room. We'll get to all the best questions and comments at the end of the program. Try to do that every day if I can, time dependent. Today, I think we'll be able to because, the recap only took 20 some odd minutes. And the look ahead, like, a lot of it is just things that we're gonna be looking for here, so it can't possibly take that long for us to do it. So I'd love to get some good questions at the end as well. Throw those in the YouTube chat. They'll be part of the show. Everybody's gonna get to hear it, live viewers after the fact, those on the traditional pod channels. So, again, like, rate, subscribe, and find me on Twitter over at Dan Vesperis. We had our 1st tweet storm of the year last night. I've already got a thread going today on what to look for tonight. So it's basically like, hey. If you missed this part of the podcast where if I do the look ahead, I type of a lot a lot of it up. Find me over there. It's at Dan Vespris, d a n b e s b r I s. I expect you guys will find me over there right here in the middle of the damn show because there's 50 somewhat of you watching live. And I know that there are gonna be many 100 at least on YouTube that watch after the fact and 1,000 that listen after the fact. And if you're not finding me on social, you're missing out. Let me make that a little bit bigger for you guys that are watching. There's the name at d a n b e s b r I s. Let's talk upcoming games. I'll try to make this as big as I can for those watching nice large size font. Yes. I'm using the Basketball Monster site because I think it's very short and clean, and my computer can load it quickly. But let's just go through this piece by piece. We'll start at the top, and, we'll work our way through the, Atlanta Hawks. I'm curious about the wing minutes and the center minutes. So guys like Deandre Hunter, Sadiq Bey, Jalen Johnson, Clint Capela, Onyeko Okongwu, that's all on the board for me. For the Hornets, I'm interested in everybody's role that's not named LaMelo Ball, which I know is a lot, but the Hornets is a team I'm gonna be watching. So I would suggest you actually take in these the like, it's hard on a 12 game night because there's a number of games I'd like to be watching for realsies today, and I just you can't because there's too many games. As the season goes, we'll be able to sort of laser focus what we're really watching night to night. Here's a key game. Here's a key game. There's, like, 7 key games out of 12 tonight. So we'll do our best, but the Hornets are very much at the top of the board. I'd love to know what Terry Rozier is gonna look like this year. You know, Miles Bridges being in this legal stuff is is murky, but we haven't heard anything about his status for tonight. Or if we did, it just zipped past me. Someone in the chat room can maybe update me if I missed something. But that means that between Bridges potentially being back and Brandon Miller being added to the mix and resigning of PJ Washington, Mark Williams as the center, what does it mean? You know, Gordon Hayward is also still part of this nonsense. I wanna see what everybody's doing on that team that's not named LaMelo Ball. For the Wizards, Daniel Gafford, like to see if he gets normal starters minutes. And then beyond that, it's just sort of how does how did the Jordan Poole, Kyle Kuzma, Tyus Jones ball sharing stuff develop. So nothing too deep into the weeds there. For the Pacers, I'd like to see what Obi Toppin looks like. Buddy Heel's job with the team right now with no contract extension, so, like, they're he's on the block. So does that mean that they showcase him? Does that mean that they try to keep him healthy? Neither. Somewhere in between. I'd also like to see if Benedick Matherin showed some growth in his Fantasy game during the off season, but it'll be hard to know that from just one night. Whereas, we might be able to get a little bit of an answer on some of the other stuff there. For the Celtics, we actually just got word as I was talking. No. Actually, it was, like, a half an hour ago. Al Horford will be coming off the bench. So that answers one question about Derrick White on the, on the Celtics side. Horford was someone that I considered with a last round pick in 14, 15 round drafts in roto leagues. I generally left him alone. And with him coming off the bench, I don't I just don't think there's gonna be enough left for him there. Even though there are a few minutes in that front court that are open, they'll probably just go smaller. The Knicks. My main question there is around Josh Hart. Meaning, can he continue to get his high twenties minutes off the bench that he got down the stretch last year? Does the addition of Dante DiVincenzo muck that up, or does he mostly muck up the Quentin Grimes stuff? So it's that shooting guard small forward spot. And I guess you throw RJ Barrett in that mix as well. That for the Knicks, I'm thinking, what is this about to become? The rather spots on the quarter are fairly well intact. And then Emmanuel Quickley, who didn't get a rookie extension, does that mean that the Knicks are out on him? Does it mean that they just couldn't come to a deal that both sides agreed on? Is this still a guy that they're gonna prioritize? Or is this a guy that they're gonna start to kinda slowly slough towards the edges if he's not part of the future that they deem at some point this year? For the Rockets, everything. I wanna see if Alper and Shengoon can lock down full starters minutes or if he loses out to a more defensive minded backup center in Joc Landale. I wanna see what Freddy VanVleet's job is with this team. I wanna see how many shots Dillon Brooks is gonna take, and same story for Jalen Green. I wanna know what Jabari Smith junior looks like. I wanna see what Tari well, Tari Eason's out. I wanna see what, Ahman Thompson is doing with this club. There's just like it's everything for the Rockets. It's everything. That's a that's a game. If possible, try to watch for the Rockets side. So so far, the really interesting ones, Charlotte and Houston, where we have a crap ton of questions of the 7 teams that we've mentioned so far. For Orlando, I don't have that many fantasy questions about the Magic. You know, I think Fultz is locked in as the starter. You know, we're we're hoping to get some growth out of Franz Wagner, and Paolo Banchero, and Wendell Carter junior is still the center there. I don't know that anybody else is really going to emerge on that team. Obviously, if they do, I wanna be on top of it. But it's, it's not one of my priorities at least at this exact moment. The wolves. I actually think the wolves are gonna be better this year than people, and I'm sure they're gonna lose tonight to make me look like an idiot, but whatever. It is just one ball game. Slow mo is my main question for the Timberwolves. Does he still have enough minutes to make an impact off the bench? Because he probably that's I assume where he's gonna be sitting here. And then how does the cat go bear stuff shake out? Because we didn't get to see that many games of those 2 guys healthy together last year. And, now that Anthony Edwards has kinda grabbed the reins on this team, what does that mean for the, Cat and and Gobert stuff? For the Raptors, my main question is, revolves around Gary Trent because I know enough about Dennis Schroder's fantasy game to know where he tops out. Trent is the guy who has fantasy appeal as a 3 point Supersteals specialist, But if he just doesn't have confidence in it or if the team doesn't have confidence in him, I don't know how he gets to that mark. We'll get an answer, I hope, tonight. For the Pistons, this is also kind of an I need to see everybody sort of team, but I'm a little bit less intrigued by these guys because as we saw with Detroit last year, most of the key players on that team have efficiency issues that hold their fantasy game back. And that's including Cade Cunningham, who hopefully has a better field goal percent, but there's no guarantee that that happens. Now he'll be fine. Cade will have fantasy value. The questions revolve around everybody else besides arguably Jalen Duran. So Azzur Thompson, can he beat down his own efficiency issues with counting goodies? Does Jaden Ivey still have enough to do? Do they have any floor spacing with Boyan Bogdanovic out for a month? I mean, I get it. There's so many games to try to take in tonight. I think you could probably get away with just watching the Pistons box score develop on a quarter by quarter basis, but there are a lot of questions on that club. And, hopefully, game 1 will answer at least a few of them. The Heat. Who takes Gabe Vincent's minutes? Josh Richardson, I think, is banged up. I can't remember if he's playing in this ballgame. Sorry, guys. There's just too many players to keep track of. So it it could eventually be Richardson, but at the beginning of the year, I think it's Kyle Lowry. He's going in the 1 fifties in fantasy drafts. I think he's worth, like, that last round pluck or if you wanted to grab him off the wire and just see what happens because and I say this not with the expectation that anything good is necessarily going to happen with Lowry. But if you recall, before the typical Kyle Lowry season long battle with injuries started about 7, 8 weeks into the season last year, he was a top 80 guy. I don't think it's gonna happen again, but it could. Cavaliers, no Jared Allen. So, you'll get, you know, more Evan Mobley at center. That's always a good thing for him. But I think the stuff we're watching with the Cavs on the more long term basis is do any of the shooters emerge as that sort of extra fantasy play, beyond Donovan Mitchell, beyond, Darius Garland and Jared Allen around Mobley. So we'll we'll keep one eye on that, but, again, not one that I think we need to laser focus on. For the Nets, I think the big question is about Ben Simmons. I'd like to see what he looks like in a real game. So if you can lay eyes on him and see what his stints on the floor look like just from a speed standpoint more than anything else, a confidence standpoint, that could give us a pretty good idea of whether he's a, you know, sell guy off a big ballgame or if he's a buy guy, if things aren't going as right his way. There could be something there. Rest of the nets, I'm not super concerned about. I think we have a pretty good idea of what they're gonna be. For the Pelicans, I'm interested in the distribution of touches with their big usage guys all on the court. Zion, Brandon Ingram, CJ McCollum being the 3 big usage guys. And then how does anybody else slot in around those dudes, if at all? And they very well might. It might be a 3 horse situation here. Maybe you get something out of, like, a Herb Jones if he's stealing the crap out of the ball. Can JV give you, like, 10 rebounds and not much else? Meh. Does Trey Murphy come back in a month and a half, and does he become an efficient shooter? Maybe. Grizzlies have a bunch of questions. Who soaks up the center minutes? Is it gonna be all Xavier Tillman, or or do they run j j j up there for a bunch? How does Marcus Smart fit in right out of the chute? Is Luke Kennard gonna play? Because he was actually really good the last couple weeks last year, and nobody's talking about him at all. So I have a bunch of questions on Memphis, and I might watch that game. Thunder. I mean, I I don't care. I'm not that interested in the Pelicans, but I do wanna see what's going on with the Grizzlies. For the Thunder, I think we all just wanna know what Chet's gonna do on opening night. I don't know if there's a whole lot else that we're overly concerned with. For the bulls, Kobe White is someone to keep an eye on. Also, just they I know they're trying to run sort of a faster offense. So what does that mean for DeMar, for LaVine, for Vooch? Bulls are, I think, a pretty easy one. We don't have to be, I don't think we have to watch that one live either. For the Kings, I don't have that many questions. We'll see if Keegan gets an extra shot per game, maybe rebounds a little more, but that team's healthy. And year over year, personnel wise, there wasn't a whole lot to shake up. Jazz have a ton of questions. That's that I'd like to I I'd like to watch that game to see what Utah is up to because we don't even really know who's gonna be their point guard. We don't know what Collin Sexton's gonna be doing this year. We don't know if it's gonna be THT. What is Jordan Clarkson's role? Who's gonna get the ball to the bigs like Walker Kessler? Is John Collins gonna have a an anger fueled bounce back year? Larry Markkanen, does he take a step back without a point guard? Does he take a step back because of the guys around him now? The Jazz have questions coming out of the you know what. For the Mavs, I think we're mostly interested in, will anybody else make a noise besides Luka and Kyrie? Because down the stretch last year, the answer was no. Could Seth Curry carve out a role, or does that make the team too small? Could Derek Lively carve out a role, or is the rookie stuff gonna eat him up? Does it become I mean, they got 4 guys they can play at center on that team. Does any do any of them emerge? Spurs, Wembley. Obviously, we wanna see what Wembley does here in game 1. But a lot of the Spurs and this is sort of a Pistons adjacent kinda discussion. A lot of the main Spurs guys had big efficiency issues last year. Jeremy Soehan, bad percentages. Kelvin Johnson, bad percentages. Trey Jones, better percentages, but no threes and almost all just assists and steals and very little else. And they just ran these guys in on a rotation, and none of them could get there in 9 cat because of those anchor weight categories. Ankle weight, I guess, would be. It'd be an anchor or an ankle weight. Can't call it an anchor weight, Dan. That's you you're butchering it. But this is a chance to see if anybody made some some moves forward. Zach Collins is, 5050 right now. He's dealing with a cold. He did go through shoot around is the latest news on him, as did Darius Garland, by the way. That news broke, a little bit earlier this morning, as did Luka Doncic. So, good news on that front. We do have a James Harden update that I'll throw in here at the very end of our look ahead even though Philly doesn't play until tomorrow. But for the Spurs, I mean, I said it actually a bunch during the run up season. I'm I'm concerned about investing a whole bunch of my draft and team capital in the Spurs. Devin Vassell, by the way, another free throws were better. I mean, he was another guy that had some percentages issues last season. So can anybody improve enough in those to really take that leap forward? Portland, we gotta watch Portland. That's a that to me is a must watch fantasy team right now, because I wanna see what Simons is doing, what Scoot is doing, what Grant is doing, what Ayton is doing, if Brogdon gets to play. There's a lot. Shaden Sharp, there's so much going on with Portland that we might just need to see what the team looks like playing together as opposed to just checking a box score. And for the Clippers, unfortunately, the other side of that game, I'm not that interested in seeing them on a moment to moment basis because we know the Clippers trade off offense between Kawhi and Paul George. Russ is the guy they're hoping can help distribute a little bit better, and it not always be Kawhi and PG bringing it up and starting the offense, but blah blah blah. Clippers are pretty much the same as they were at the end of last season. The news on the James Harden front has been, it's I can't say coming fast and furious today because it's basically no news, but it is coming fast and furious today that he has and Woje had a a a super long tweet about it, I think, 13 minutes ago, actually. Here's the tweet. I'll just read it. Quote, while Harden and the sixers talked further following practice, the plan remains as they discussed earlier today, sources tell ESPN. Instead of going on the opening road trip, the team directed Harden to report to practice facility and work with development and medical staffs to get ready to begin season as soon as possible. Presumably, while he's on the trade block here, I think they're trying to get him moved before the team comes home from their, 2 games on the road. And if he's not moved by, I guess that would be Sunday. Maybe we see him. I'll believe it when I see it, but that's the latest on James Harden, and I don't know if that means anything at all. Let's get into the questions from the YouTube chat room because that's what's going on, tonight. That was, again, that's a much longer one of those than normal because there's something happening in almost every ballgame, and I wanted to really highlight a lot of stuff. Let's see here. Here, I'll put this one up there because I wanna talk about this. I don't think this is Oompa Loompa says, I don't think we Booker owners are going nuts over the 1st game of the season, bro, but you seem to be doing the opposite and downplaying it. Yeah. I'm gonna downplay guys that I think over performed, and I'm gonna upplay guys that I think underperformed. Kinda like the way we just talked about, like Klay Thompson. He had a bad shooting game, but the other stuff was there. D'Angelo Russell had a bad shooting game, but the minutes and the opportunity were there. My job here, if I can do it right, is to make sure everybody sees the long game. So this this poster here, Oompa Loompa, you think that I'm hating, but it's not that. It's pragmatism in every respect. I know I'm a very boring fantasy analyst to follow, but I wanna be extremely pragmatic about everything. So that's the players that over perform. I wanna make sure we see the long game. The players that under perform, I wanna, like, see make sure we see the long game. And noting certain things that can and cannot happen and when they cannot cap happen allows people to hopefully see small fluctuations in value that maybe we can capitalize on a a little bit as well. Thoughts on Dwight Howard's coming out party? I I don't know what this is about. I must have missed something. He says, I have Harden, Jared Allen, and Draymond. What a start for me. Yeah. That's that's tough. We knew Jared Allen was out, and we knew Harden was out, for a little bit. The Draymond one was a little bit later news, so I I think that one may be a little bit more of a surprise. Duane says, hey, Dan. In Roto, do you add a valuable player even though you already have a solid roster just to block the league from adding that player on their team? For example, Xavier Tillman, my plan would be to just bench him. I mean, it depends on the drop in this case. Obviously, you'd like to have a guy who you think is gonna be a decent player. You know, I'm not gonna pick up a guy just to block someone else from having that dude, but particularly in roto, there there's, like, if you can get someone who performs inside the top 100, you generally do it. I'm not certain that Tillman is inside the top 100. He was right around that area after the Steven Adams injury last season, but we also saw Memphis go to smaller lineup sometimes. There was an opportunity, and DFS'ers probably could pick this out better than I can, to really, you could sort of almost localize the games where you knew Tillman was going to be better. When he was going up against, Jonas Valancunas or Nikola Jokic or some wide bodied center on the other club where Memphis didn't want JJJ dealing with that player. They would instead go to Tillman, until Brandon Clark got hurt. He was the other option if they wanted to sorta open it up and run a little bit more. They don't have as many options now. I think Santi Aldama is actually out for this first game, but he might slide up and be sort of a floor spacing power forward center, and he and j j j can kind of flip flop who they're dealing with there. I think Tillman's worth rostering, but don't pick him up unless you're dropping someone who's worse than him. You know? Just keep it simple, I guess. Jay Wiz says, 1st year playing fantasy basketball, learning so much. Thanks to your content. Dude, that's so kind of you. My main my main goal here on this show, YouTube pod, whatever, has always been to simplify fantasy basketball and try to help people see it as a a winnable game where winning is more fun than losing. But in the hierarchy, winning is the most fun. Having fun players is less fun than that, and then losing is the least fun, if that makes sense. Oh, here. One more follow-up from Loompa Loompa. Booker Booker averaged 6.56.8 the 2 previous seasons before CP 3. Zero chance he averages 8, and no one is even thinking that. So you and I agree on the zero chance he averages 8, but you and I disagree on no one is even thinking that, because I have seen multiple analysts on Twitter say that he's averaging 8 assists a game this year. I have seen analysts say that he's a double double threat this year. So if you're not following them, that's fine. Maybe good in this regard because then you didn't see what was kind of a bad take. But people are saying it, so you for sure, that's out there. I I like that we agree on where he's actually gonna end, which is, like, 6 and a half ish, but people are saying 8. Which 2 would you drop for streams? Brandon Miller, Saddiq Bey, Paul Reed are the 3 choices. None. None. You literally haven't seen those 3 players go yet. Don't drop a player to stream the slot if you haven't seen them play yet. Seems simple enough, but I know it's hard because this 1st week of the season, we all wanna be doing 15 things because we haven't made a fantasy basketball move since April. You drafted these guys because you liked them, presumably. Let them play. Sac accountant says not enough roster spots. Should I start Harrison Barnes at Utah or Patrick Williams versus Oklahoma City? Can you figure out what stats you need more? Because Barnes will score more and get you better free throws and, maybe better rebounds, and Patrick Williams had a better shot at steals and blocks. That's the short version. Yakov says, hey. Made a big trade. Would love your opinion. 9 cat. I give. Jimmy Butler, Jordan Poole, Brook Lopez, I get Dame and Drew Holiday. Dame Jimmy Butler, they're not all that far apart. Drew Pool, they're not all that far apart. You know, I might have stuck with the first side. It's close, though. I got no big problem with it. They're relatively fair. The fact that I look at it and think, well, means it's probably relatively fair. Henny says, what do you think of this trade? Poole and Middleton for Paul George. Paul George side for me. I'll take on that one. Alex dwarfy pig Rodriguez says what to do with Harden. Well, if you've got him, you're sitting on him. Because right now, I mean, honestly, the news on Harden that we're hearing today is, in my eyes, maybe the best news we could have gotten on Harden, which is that he's still and the team is still is, like, telling him practice for 1 more week and then maybe you can play. I didn't think he was even gonna be showing up. So this was a positive in my eyes. He actually showed up. He's ready to go. Team told him don't come yet. So if you have him hold on to him, if you don't have him and someone's freaking out, see if you can trade away your 5th or 6th rounder and get him. Because at some point, Harden's gonna play, and he's gonna be a top 20 fantasy play. DJ Andre, should I drop Malik Beasley to activate Al Horford from IL Plus? Sure. I don't think Beasley is gonna be very good. I know he's starting, but I can't imagine that sticks, because that's a bad defensive backcourt in Milwaukee if it's Beasley and Dame trying to keep people out of the paint. I don't know if floor spacing is what they necessarily need there. I'm fine with it. I don't think bees I think Beasley is no more than a streamer himself. So to that end, you say, fine. Drop him, activate Horford, and then go throw throw someone else an IL plus and get another streamer the next day. David says, do I start Tillman and Rodo, or do I wait and see? I'll tell you what. If he gets the starting nod, if we officially find out he's starting for Memphis today, as they go up against Jonas Valancunas and Zion Williamson and the Pells, I'd say start him. If he's starting, you start him. If he's not, you don't. Let's see. What do we got here? And Wayne t. Let's make this the last question because we're approaching 55 minutes. Hey, Dan. I have an open bench slot. Who's the better ad? Jalen Johnson, Zaire Williams, or Kyle Lowry? Well, this brings up a question of how badly do you need the stats today versus stats in January. Because in January, Jalen Johnson's probably gonna be the best option of those 3. Today, it's probably Kyle Lowry, which is just like the grossest feeling to say because Kyle Lowry has for 3 years now basically been a guy I've said, he's actually too old even for the old man squad. But if he's truly healthy and upright and he's starting at point guard, you know, 13 and 6 is well within reach. He's always been a good steals guy. He's been a good 3 pointers guy, good free throw shooter, bad field goal guy. But he's probably gonna get more opportunity today than either of those other guys, Jalen Johnson or Zaire Williams. I think Lowry has more opportunity than those guys by, like, a pretty high factor. Friends, on the way out today, make sure you like, rate, subscribe no matter where you're taking in the content. What's coming up on Fantasy NBA Today is nothing. This is gonna be our only show today because time dependent, this afternoon, I'm gonna put together some tutorial videos on the brand new tools that are a part of the, sports ethos Fantasy Pass. The one that I'm really into is the head to head breakdown tool where you enter your team and your opponent's team, and it will tabulate the scores at the end of the week based on the Bruschi 150 projections since that's what because these teams haven't played yet. As the days weeks go on, the projections will adjust based on things that we're seeing. But right now and it fills in the games played for you, by the way. The engine already has the weekly matchup. So you just put in the player's name, and it'll fill in the rest. And you can see how you're gonna do against your opponent, and that helps you make streaming decisions, which we also have a streaming chart. I don't think anybody needs a tutorial for that, but I'll have a tutorial for some of these. Hopefully, I can get those up on our YouTube page later on today. Certainly by the end of the week, that's a pretty damn cool thing. If you have a Fantasy Pass, make sure you're using this stuff. And if you don't, you can get it over at sportsethos.com. Shout out once again to our buddies atmanscaped.com. You can get 20% off and free shipping on your Manscaped order with promo code ethos 20. Here is once again the handyman. I'm gonna let it buzz into the microphone. Oh god. I almost accidentally shaved my face there. That's the sound of the handyman handying away. 20% off free shipping on your order atmanscaped.com with promo code. Once again, that is ethos 20. Ethos 20. Thanks for tuning in, everybody. Hope you guys enjoyed this one. Seasons officially underway. Big Wednesday coming up tonight. You guys know you'll see me tweeting about it like an idiot. I don't know. I feel like an idiot when I do it. Maybe you guys like it over at Dan Vesperis on Twitter. Ethos Fantasy BK is the sports ethos news feed, and come hang out with us in the sports ethos discord. In fact, as I'm signing off on, YouTube, I'm gonna throw that link in the live chat. So if anybody's still hanging out and looking over there, they can see the, code to get into the sports ethos Discord on your way out. I'm Dan Vaspers. This Fantasy NBA Today is Sports Ethos presentation. We'll see y'all tomorrow.