Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright, folks. I think we can keep this one on the brief side as well. Early show, Broken Promise with Dan Vesperis. It's Broken Promises. Changing the title of today's show. Today's forget the show. We're changing the title of the whole damn experience. This is no longer Fantasy NBA Today. Is it a sports ethos presentation? Well, we'll see if they want it. This is your episode of broken promises with Dan Vesperis. Today's broken promise that I'm gonna keep this show extremely brief. Every day I say it, and every day I try to do it, and every day I fail miserably. Anyhoo, we're gonna do our best. I'm at Danvers on Twitter. Let's talk streaming, friends, confidants. It's Tuesday in a weird week. Most of you, I think, that are watching these streaming shows are kind of, like, at least semi up to date in how things have been going. And this is a week where the overarching theme is Friday. You have 12 games. Sunday, you have 13. So most likely, unless you've already taken various precautions, your Friday and your Sunday are probably full, which meant that this week needed to be an exercise in front loading because there really aren't that many ways to backload the week. No matter how you slice it in those last 3 days, if you tried to backload it, somebody playing 2 games is gonna fall at least on one of those 2 days in those final 3. So the front 4 is the way to go. And we talked yesterday about how the Atlanta Hawks have the best schedule in the 1st 4 days because they go 3 times in 4, but one of those is now done. So the Hawks, much like many other teams in the NBA, have 2 games over the next 3 days, which no longer makes them an advantageous scheduling spot just from a strict number of game standpoint. The reason the hawks continue to actually have one of the better schedules is that all three of their days fall on nonoverload days. There is only one team with a truly awful schedule right now. It's the Chicago Bulls. They're off for 3 days in a row. All the other teams that started the week with a bad schedule play tonight, so there's really no reason to make a move off of those guys. Those teams, the San Antonio Spurs and the Utah Jazz, who have 2 games off starting tomorrow or 2 days off, I guess, we should say. So if you wanted to make any move on those guys, that would be the time to do it. There's no reason to preempt it by making the move now. The the most likely scenario that you're looking at here Atlanta, obviously, there are the advantages of having Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, because you don't have to worry about benching anyone as a result of the Atlanta hawks. But they're not the only team where you can look at it and say, oh, you know, I'm probably getting 3 weeks the rest 3 games the rest of the way. Because when you think about it from another standpoint, the team that you're dropping the player on, you're probably gonna pick somebody up that replaces said player. So think about Chicago, for instance. Not only do they have 3 days off, but they play on Friday Sunday, the days that you're probably full. Friday, about 10 guys on your team should be going. 10.4 was the number we came up with. And Sunday, you probably have 11. 11.2 was the average number of active players on a Yahoo roster. 11.2 out of 13 based on how many games we're playing in the NBA. Again, we're just running very simple averages, and your team will be in some part of a bell curve on either side of those that 10 and that 11 that I just mentioned. So when you think of it from that standpoint, dropping a Chicago bull today and, yeah, you can think this through. You're probably not dropping DeMar DeRozan. He's been too good. You're probably not dropping Vooch. He's been too good. I I hate to think that you'd have to drop Alex Caruso because he's actually been that good this year. Caruso's number 50 guys per game this year. Number 50. He's actually one slot behind Vooch. And if you're like, oh, what is it? Turnovers? Nah. Not really. Vooch is at 1.6, Caruso's at 1.4. Caruso's just been that freaking good at 3 steals and blocks all season long. That's how he's done it. Hyper lead in steals, great in blocks for a guard, 2, 3 pointers a game, and then obviously not turning the ball over, and it's kind of amazing when you think about the impact that those categories can have. But what about the guys that are a little bit farther down the list? And nobody wants to think of it this way, but Kobe White is farther down the list. He's number 104 over the last month. Yeah. He's scoring 19 points, but he's killing you from the field, 42 a half percent. He doesn't get defensive stats. It's points, it's threes. Sis are okay. Free throws are okay, but then there's too many negatives in there. And then what about Iotaisunu, who we've been relying on to get it done with percentages? Has it been enough? And the answer is generally yes. He's number 67 over the last month. So the bulls are kind of a hard one when you're like, oh, yeah. This is the team I should be dropping from, but which of these 5 guys can I drop? The honest to goodness answer is maybe none. But by 9 cat rankings, Kobe White has been the weakest link in that bunch because of the 9 category flaws. Most notably that he's a very high volume, low field goal percent guy that he basically sort of a punt field field goal. But if your team is punting field goal, then, you know, he leaps 30, 40 slots, and then that's again another guy you can't drop. So dropping someone right now is kinda hard. I get it. If you have all 4 of your weekly moves, you can get a little bit more aggressive. If you don't, you dial it back a tiny bit. The one thing that you absolutely positively cannot let happen is taking a 0. That's the big one. So someone like a Gary Trent, for instance, who just got ruled out, maybe he plays in the back to back. Toronto's got another game tomorrow, but he's not playing today. And he goes Friday, Sunday. So it's a situation where do you add 1 game? Yeah. Could you potentially add 2 if he doesn't play tomorrow? Yes. And that's what you need to be looking for right now. There aren't that many opportunities to do it. The bulls is 1, but, again, the players are hard to drop. Utah, San Antonio, the moves you should be making would be tomorrow. But, again, adding 2 games at that point is gonna be very, very hard outside again of presumably the Atlanta Hawks, because then they go Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday. But if you can't get your hand on a good hawk to stream, you're kind of up a creek a little bit, and you're looking at teams that do play on the overload days and still have 4 games left this week. Those teams, there's quite a few of them, by the way. Cleveland plays on one of the overload days, but they have 3 games that are on non crazy days. So today, tomorrow, which are borderline overloads, and Saturday. Dallas has 4 games, including 2 overloads. Golden State and Houston each have 4 games, including 2 overloads. The Clippers play today, and then they start a 5 and 7 starting on Thursday. So that's a good schedule going into next week, and Kawhi Leonard already got ruled out for this one. So that starts now. Lakers have a good schedule. Couple of back to back, so they dodge the Friday overload if that could be potentially useful for you. Miami, they've got a back to back Thursday, Friday, but they've got 4. Milwaukee and Minnesota are each and Oklahoma City, actually, are each in the midst of a 6 game in 9 day stretch that starts today. But, again, they do fall on the overloads. The Knicks have 4 games. Philly's got 4 games, but 3 of them are on better days. Sacramento's got 4. Toronto's got 4. Washington's got 4. You have a ton of choices still this week of teams with 4 games where a lot of them fall on those overload days. If I could potentially steer you away from any of the overloads, I'd like to try to do it. So those teams would be, obviously, Atlanta. We've talked about that. They've got 3 games left, but you're gonna get to use all 3. Cleveland's got 3 games left. You could probably or 4 games left, and you could probably use 3. So Cavaliers is one of them. You're looking for 4 game weeks the rest of the way. Four games left this week, the rest of this week, where 3 of them are on days where you're not overloaded. So Cleveland is 1. The lakers is another. Philadelphia is a 3rd, and I think that might be it. So who are the plays on those teams? Well, Cleveland's got a few. Donovan Mitchell's already been ruled out for knee injury maintenance, because they've got 2 back to backs here. Presumably, he'll be ruled out for half of the other one. I would guess it will be the one against the Clippers, so awesome, which is sucks, by the way, if you have Donovan Mitchell, because this is probably gonna be a 2 game week for him, but there ain't a whole lot you can do about that. I don't know if Max Strouse is gonna miss one half of the back to backs, but he's the guy that would see some bump there. Caris LeVert obviously gets a pretty big bump. Darius Garland's gonna play better, but he's not gonna be floating around on your wire. George Niang gets a little bit of a bump, more 3 pointers. You're getting 3 games. That's kinda what's important there. The Lakers is the next one. Ruhi is the only one I would put in that mix. He's probably outrostered already, but if he's not, he would be a really good fit there because, again, you could drop him if you wanted to on Sunday and start gaming for next week or whatever. But, honestly, you just hold it through. Easy peasy. No problem there. Lakers, by the way, one of the rare teams that only has 3 games that final week, so something to kinda keep in the back of your brain as well. And then Philly, troubling. Because Joel Embiid might be back on Thursday. He might be back on Saturday. He ain't playing the back to back. And Tyrese Maxey could be back as soon as tonight. So you're looking at a team where you're, like, alright. Who am I really streaming here? And the answer is nobody. It's too risky. It's too risky. You can't go Paul Reed because Embiid would blow that up. You can't really go Kyle Lowry because he's gonna skip the back to back. And if he misses the Saturday half, then it ruins the whole plan. Although, I would assume he skips the second half of it. We just can't really know for sure. It might go the other way. You can't really go campaign because he's not good enough. Oubre's getting played anyway. He's not on the waiver wire, but Toom is not gonna be good enough. So it just isn't really an option on Philly. Lakers don't really have one because, presumably, Achimura is already rostered. So you're looking at Cleveland today as the non Atlanta. I can still get 3 games out of this team on non overload today's play. Cavaliers. I lean into Cavaliers probably because they have better streaming options than the Hawks. Sorry, Atlanta. Especially with Jalen Johnson back, your streaming options just got thinner and thinner. So the Cavs is 1. And then the other option is, what if you're not fully overloaded? Like, what if you decided you did wanna drop Kobe White? Well, maybe you have an opportunity to play someone who has a game on Friday. So Chicago, yeah, they've got games on Friday Sunday, but you can find a team that also has games on Friday Sunday that has 2 games before that. That's what makes the Bulls' schedule so obscene is that now you're doing a math problem. Okay. What is Kobe White gonna get me over his 2 games the rest of this week, provided I actually get to play him in those 2 games? Okay. Well, you know, we can go by what he's done over the last month. That's probably the best way to do the math there. That would be about 38 points, 8 boards, 10 assists, 5 and a half to 6 three pointers, 1 steal on bad field goal percent, pretty good free throw. So then the question you start to ask yourself is, can I get that out of somebody playing 4 games the rest of the way, and can I potentially get a little bit above that out of somebody playing 4 games? And I think the answer is a pretty resounding yes. 38 points ain't that hard to get out of a 4 gamer when you have as many options as we just and there's, like, a dozen teams left. Lot of guys on the wire can give you 9 and a half points when you're not picking from the, you know, the 9th 10th players on the New Orleans Pelicans. So really give it some serious thought that a team where you can add 2 extra games played. And then the other little footnote on this before we wrap up the show that I said was gonna be short, and I can still do it. I believe in myself. The other footnote is if you drop, say, Kobe White let's use him him as the example here. Who slots in to take his spot on Friday Sunday? Maybe on Friday, it's the guy you pick up, but maybe on Sunday, you actually had an 11th best player that you can slot in that's better than the guy you pick up. So maybe you're only seeing the Kobe 2 replacement drop off on Friday, and on Sunday, you're seeing a Kobe 2 slightly better than replacement drop off. But Chicago's the team you really gotta give a lot of thought to, especially if you're in your finals week and you don't need them for next week, Kobe White, Iyo, whatever. These guys are really, really, really, really good, and you're gonna miss them on Friday Sunday. But getting 4 games versus 2 is a colossal, colossal jump, and Chicago is that remaining team where you can get a 2 game bump without doing anything super fancy. Good luck tonight, everyone. Wanna keep it under 15 minutes, so I did it. I am Dan Vesperis at Dan Vesperis over on Twitter. Good luck tonight. I will talk to you guys again tomorrow. We got a double whammy coming up Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. And then we're done with the 2 for's. 2 a days end after Friday. Try to maybe do some streaming stuff over the weekend because a lot of leagues are wrapping up. But next week, we'll go to 1 show a day. And, following week, we go into off season, 1 show a day. Holy smokes. I can't believe it. See you soon.