Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Hi. We're running back to back today. Streamer showtime. Banging them both out in the morning. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. We're not screwing around today, everybody. So here's the thing. Well, first of all, I'm Dan Vazquez. This is Fantasy NBA Today. Many thank yous, for hanging out with us, one or both of our shows today. Today is an interesting one for a couple of reasons because you have a number of teams getting right into the streaming stuff here. You have a number of teams that have really good schedules from a traditional standpoint. For instance, the Mavericks play 5 times in the next 7 days. You would normally think that that's pretty good. Clippers do too, by the way. The heat also have 5 games in 7 days. It's a really busy stretch coming up. Sacramento has 6 games over 9 days. Pretty damn good. And somehow only the 4th best schedule, warriors, rockets also have 6 games over 9 days. And yet we're forced to look at the card through a different lens because Friday Saturday are overload days. Friday Sunday. Excuse me. Meaning that just like with yesterday's show, any decision you make about your streaming today has to be based on how many guys you've got going on Friday Sunday. The average number of games played for teams on Friday Sunday is 10 on Friday and 11 on Sunday. Average. I mean, you know, yours may be different. Some of us have taken various precautions and already have a lower number on those days, for instance. But that also makes it kind of impossible to do a simple show where we say, oh, well, here's the bad schedules, and here's the good schedules because it's going to be based a 100%, not even partially, a 100% on what your team's actual situation looks like. The best thing you can do is try to wait because the longer you wait, the better idea you'll have of which categories you need to go hunting for. Maybe you don't have that luxury, but I would venture to guess that most of us can. Because every single team in the NBA between now and Sunday has at least 2 games, meaning there's no way to turn a 1 game week into a 3 game week. Plenty of teams have 2 games. Handful of teams have 3. Like, more than you'd expect, honestly. I I've listed most of them. Dallas, Golden State, Houston, the LA Clippers, Miami, Philly was one that didn't make it into that previous discussion, Sacramento. All these teams have 3 games the rest of the week. Of course then, that means that over the next 4 days, if your season ends on Sunday, for instance, the best you can do with a move today is adding one game in just total, total gameplay. That might be different if, say, you have 11 guys going on Sunday, and then you could swap out someone going on Sunday for somebody that doesn't. Even still, you're talking about kinda threading a needle a little bit because anybody that has 3 games left plays on Sunday. They have to. There's no way not to do it. You either have today and then Saturday, Sunday, or today, tomorrow, and then Sunday. The day off has to be one of the middle games. Otherwise, you'd have 3 days of games in a row, and that doesn't occur in a modern NBA schedule. So even then, you're talking about, okay. Well, if I go to a team that has 3 games left, odds are I'm just gonna be replacing a guy that's already in overload on Sunday, and then I'm probably adding 1 game somewhere else. So that's still only a 1 game ad. The ultimate needle thread right now is basically a team that does not have Friday Sunday overloaded and can move, even that doesn't really work because you're still only going from 2 games to 3 games. There's really no way to add 2 games over the next 4 days. I thought I thought this through, and then apparently I didn't because all this stuff is kinda swirling around right as we're on air. There isn't a way to do it. The best you can do minus injury, if you're replacing somebody who's hurt, then obviously that's a thing you wanna do, and you just wanna maximize games played, look at your schedule, and figure out the way to do that, minus an injury. The best you can do over the next 4 days is adding one game played to your weekly ledger. But here's the thing. You can still likely do that on Saturday instead of today. The reason to do it today is you have more options for adding 1 game over 4 days versus versus 1 game over 2 days. You just have more teams you can pick from. If you're looking at Saturday, provided you have you know, there's 2 ways that that could go. So let's let's look at Saturday first, and then we'll come back and we'll look at today again. For Saturday, if you are full on Sunday, you can take that guy playing on Sunday and move him to a guy playing on Saturday. That's how you gain one game, making one move on Saturday. Pretty straightforward. Teams that play on Saturday, there's there's enough of them. Saturday is what? Like, a 6 something no. 5 game card, I think, if I'm recalling correctly. I'm probably not. Let's look this up so I get it right. Saturday is a 4 gamer. So you got 8 teams to pick from if you're moving from a Sunday team to a Saturday team. Eight teams, there should be some streamer out there that you can pick up and feel okay about. If you are not full on Sunday, that's all the more reason to make a move on Saturday or even a couple potentially. Again, I I think it's very unlikely that you're not full on Sunday with 13 teams going. Odds are you're at 10 guys or more. But there are a couple of teams that go back to back Saturday, Sunday. Brooklyn, Cleveland, and I'll do the scroll through for people watching, the Lakers, and the 70 sixers. So there's 4 teams that have a back to back Saturday, Sunday. Here's the thing, though. We've talked about this. Does anybody is anybody off both of those days? No. So, again, if you were not overloaded on Sunday, the only guy you'd be dropping there to make a pickup on Saturday would be potentially someone else playing on Saturday, but then you might as well just make a pickup for someone playing on Sunday. If you are full on Sunday and you're dropping that guy on Sunday to get someone playing on Saturday, you could pick up one of those back to back so that you have a backup option on Sunday in case somebody gets hurt, which is the best thing to do of those, then you've got 4 teams to pick from. Or if you feel confident, you got 11 guys going on Sunday, you move that 11th guy to someone only playing on Saturday, then that adds Atlanta back into the mix. That adds Denver, Detroit, Memphis back into the mix. So now you've got a few more options of teams you could pick from for Saturday. So that's how you could add one game on Saturday, having a better idea of what you'll need to win the rest of your week. Again, the only real reason to make those moves today instead of Saturday is if you like your options a little bit better. Meaning, if you like the bonus game you're getting today instead of the bonus game you're getting Saturday, which adds back into the mix some of those teams we were just talking about. Dallas, Golden State, are options today. Denver is today Saturday. So, again, depending on your overload situation, that might fit into your calendar. But mostly, I'd say Dallas, Golden State, Houston, the Clippers, the Miami Heat, the New York Knicks are actually in there. I forgot to mention them earlier. Philly is on that board. Sacramento is on that board. So you have those, like, what did I just say, 7 or 8 teams to pick from today. So if you really like the streamers on those teams and you think that they're way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way better than the streamer you might get on Saturday, that would be the reason to go today. Still, if I'm if you're like, okay, Dan. You're circling here. They're the radar is almost keyed in on it. What are you doing, Dan? What are you doing for your teams that are in the playoffs right now? I'm waiting till Saturday. I think that's the way to go provided you have room on your card. A 4 gamer, you definitely should. I'm waiting till Saturday. I'm gonna take whatever overload I've got on Sunday, and I'm gonna move it. It's as simple as that. Or somebody who's just not playing. Well, that doesn't make sense because they are playing on Saturday. So you take your 1 or 2 worst players on Sunday. Let's say you have 2 moves left. You take your 1 or 2 worst players that are going on Sunday, and you switch them. That's it. That's the move. Now if you're not overloaded tomorrow, which I'm not, I made a bunch of moves, and so I only I think I only have, like, 7 guys going tomorrow, which is way under the expected number. That actually opens up a few options for my team. But because of that, I'm definitely not making moves today. Definitely not. Because I have room on Friday, I can make moves on Friday. I can make a move tomorrow and a move on Saturday if I want. I can just make a move to a Detroit piston since they go tomorrow Saturday. That's a way for me to gain nicely. If I take a guy that's playing on Sunday that's my overload guy, and I move him to Detroit going tomorrow Saturday or Memphis going tomorrow Saturday, that's a way that I can gain 2 games, I guess. I get I suppose that's the way. If Friday's open and Sunday's full, you take the one gamer on Sunday that's overloaded, you flip them to somebody calling Friday, Saturday, that's how I can still get 2 moves bonus the rest of the way. Or do the same thing for today. But, again, the longer you wait, the better idea you have of what player you can pick up. So that's your needle thread. If you're not full Friday, but you are overloaded, not just full, but one extra player on Sunday, you take that guy, and you flip him for someone with 3 games left the rest of this week. But I don't know that there's even a player that that fits that that's not also going on Sunday. So you take your overload guy on Sunday. I'm trying to do the math in my head here on the fly. So you don't lose a game there, but that dude has also has to not be playing between now and then. Yeah. That doesn't make any sense. So it's really tomorrow. That's that's your your tiny window. You got 2 teams tomorrow, Memphis and Detroit, where if you have 1 guy to spare on Sunday, you have 11 dudes, you can downgrade to 10 on Sunday, and you can move to Detroit or Memphis because they would go Friday, Saturday, and preferably the guy that you're dropping from Sunday maybe didn't play on Friday. I still don't maybe there there there may not be a way to get 2 bonus games. But suffice it to say, the main point on today's show, 14 minutes of nothing is basically what just happened on this one. The main point on today's show is wait as long as humanly possible. Dear lord, wait as long as you can. Folks, using the Internet without ExpressVPN is like not paying attention to the safety demonstration on a flight. Most of the time, you'll be fine. Oh god. This is dark. But what if one day that weird yellow mask drops down from the overhead, and you have no idea what to do? It's better to be safe than sorry. That's the main point here. Every time you connect to an unencrypted network, cafes, hotels, airports, whatever, any hacker on that same network can gain access to your personal data, your passwords, your financial details. And a skilled 12 year old could do it. And then they simply take it, and they sell all that info on the dark web for a $1,000. They do this over and over and over again. They'll do it all day just sitting in a coffee shop. So why why would you go into that situation without any sort of protection? I mean, again, like, first of all, what are the odds you see of a 12 year old hacker at a coffee shop? Probably not all great. But one of those other persons in there who looks like they're working on their script might just be stealing your info. ExpressVPN uses an encrypted tunnel. You can try to picture that. It's a secure encrypted tunnel between you, your device, and the Internet. So punk, punk, punk, punk, hackers trying to get in, can't see what you're doing. It would take that same hacker in the coffee shop, a supercomputer using a supercomputer over a 1000000000 years to crack ExpressVPN's encryption. The reason I love it, forget all the safety stuff, you just turn it on. That's it. You don't need to be tech savvy to use ExpressVPN. You just turn on the app, click one button. It goes from red to green, from off to on. You're protected. You can use it on phones, laptops, tablets, more, routers, whatever. You can stay secure on the go, secure your whole house, whatever. That's what I love about it. It's easy. It's safe. There's just no reason not to if you ever use Internet outside of your own home. So secure your online data today by visiting expressvpn.com/ hoopball. I love that it's still hoopball. That's expresvpn.com/hoopball, and you can get an extra 3 months free. Expressvpn.com /hoopball. Go there today. Let's take a look at the chat room, see what you guys got going on. Who do I like best? Who do I like best? My mommy. Who do I like best for a head to head Yahoo Points League? Trey Lyles, Precious AChua, or Haywood Highsmith? Yikes. It's probably AChua, but, Yeah. We'll go Precious. How many moves would you recommend saving as backups for the last 2 days of the season just in case everyone sits? So this is I'm I'm assuming this question is in reference to if your league goes to the very last day of the regular season. So that final Sunday when half of your roster is gonna sit. I mean, as many as you can here's the thing. The answer to this question is, a tiny bit of a cop out, but, also, there really is only one answer to this question, and is every move you use during the last week of the season, so April 8th to April 14th, every move in a lot of scenarios. Maybe you get super lucky and you don't have to use up all 4 on it. But for a lot of us, every move you make that last week is dropping someone who's just out for the rest of the season. You also kinda wanna be a little bit careful early that week. Remember, there's no games on Monday of next week because of the college national championship. So it's a 6 day week, Tuesday through Sunday, and, basically, everybody plays at the end. So Sunday is kind of a wash. Although, again, like, if you have half of your team get gets knocked out. On Tuesday, if a bunch of your players get ruled out, if you can figure out if it's a real injury or a fake one, that's where you'd use some moves. If it's a fake one, keep them, because a lot of teams are playing back to backs in there or try to figure out assume maybe this is the way to phrase it. Assume that nobody on your team is gonna play a back to back. So if someone gets ruled out on one half of 1, you kinda have to give them to the other half to find out if they're actually hurt. So don't blow all your moves early next week, April 9th, April 10th, whatever. Don't blow all your moves on Tuesday Wednesday because those guys might actually just come back and play the rest of the week. You wanna use your moves exclusively on guys that are being ruled out for multiple games, because then you could gain multiple games by using a move. Guys on your team that are just not even the tiniest bit productive, which hopefully is nobody. So, hopefully, you don't have to use a move for that. And then towards the end of the week, Friday, Sunday, whatever, just make sure that you're getting as games as humanly possible. So it's not so much about saving moves for that last day as it is not being too aggressive with your moves on Tuesday, Wednesday when guys that are sitting might play the rest of the week, Saving your moves for situations where, guys are out for multiple games is the key. And then at the end, if you have 1 or 2 moves left, just, you know, be ready to use them. So there is no right answer to this question of how many moves I'd recommend saving for the last 2 days of the season. I think if you get there with a move or 2 left, great. But if you had to do them all up on Thursday Friday, also, that's okay. There's no right answer here. Arcade Cunningham and Miles Bridges drops. Give them to the next one. If they get ruled out again, then probably, but I would give them a little bit longer. And then if Tyrese Maxey and Josh Hart are both out, who is the better play between campaign or Bojan Bogdanovic in a points league? I will go campaign because at least he has the floor of getting some assists. Bojanovic, it's gotta just all be points. He's gotta rack it up all in one category, and that can be kinda complicated. Plus, you never know with the Knicks. They might just pick somebody else and roll with them. I mean, it would probably be Bogdanovic, but you just sorta never know. And then, on the other side with campaign, if he's out there, he's gonna get you some points and assists on terrible percentages, but that's okay because it's a points league. Alright, guys. We went back to back this morning. That was fun, wasn't it? Knocked them all out. Got all them shows out of the way. Please do take a moment to like, rate, and subscribe. That's really important. I want you guys to hang with us through the off season as well. Over on Twitter at Dan Besbris, d a n b e s b r I s. And, yeah. No sponsors to hit because we're in April now, so the season's basically over. You guys have a fantastic Thursday. We'll have 2 shows again tomorrow, and that might be the last time we do 2 shows in a day except perhaps for next Monday. So stay tuned. I'll try to keep you posted on how everything's going here on the podcast scheduling front. Again, I am Dan Vesperis. You are awesome. That might be your name. And I'll see you guys tomorrow. So long.