Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. All right. I decided there was enough time to wedge in a second show, but we gotta knock this one out in 9 minutes or less. That's my goal. Welcome to streamer edition. 2nd episode today of Fantasy NBA Today. I'm at I'm Dan Vasquez. My Twitter handle is at Dan Vasquez. I'm on a mission here. Let's talk about streaming. First off, we'll make this board big on the screen. So you guys that are watching with us live, you get that little visual aid. Of course, this is a sports ethos presentation. What you're looking at right now is a Dan Vesper's version color coded edition of the sports ethos streaming chart for this season. One of many very good reasons to get an NBA Fantasy Pass either for the rest of this year or for next season. Actually, the all sport is what you should get right now because you get the baseball stuff too. Best schedule starting today, Friday, March 8th. I'm just gonna do a quick scroll through on the board so you guys can see what we're looking at right now. There's March 8th. The best way to look at this just visually is to see the teams where some sort of color coding begins on March 8th. And the teams where that happens are Charlotte, Cleveland gets a semi, and the Portland Trail Blazers. The best schedule over the next 7 days belongs to the Portland Trail Blazers. They play 5 games in 7 days. That is the best long streaming option on the board. There are 2 back to backs wedged in there. It's it's unmatched. Now, of course, the issue we'll get to in a moment is who the hell is actually playing for the Trail Blazers. The second best schedule, if you're gonna go long streaming, is the Charlotte Hornets. They go 6 games over 9 days. It's almost as good as the 57, but there is another one day on, one day off in the middle of Charlotte stretch. They've got bookended back to backs there. Otherwise, if they were closer, it would be a 57. So it goes 2 and then off, on, off, on, off, and then another 2 for Charlotte. The 3rd best schedule, and they're pretty far behind in this one, is the Cleveland Cavaliers because they play today. They're off tomorrow, but then they go back to back Saturday or Sunday, Monday. So they give you a nice little boost rolling into your next week. It's not the best schedule to start next week. That belongs to the Spurs. We'll talk about them as far as tomorrow's streaming goes. I think the Spurs are the only team. Boston has a back to back, but they don't have anybody to stream to start next week. So they'd also be a pretty good schedule starting tomorrow, but, you know, the hell with that. So then you say, alright, Dan. Well, who do I abandon ship on? Well, it's the same as yesterday, believe it or not. Utah not only had the worst schedule yesterday, 2 games in 8 days, they're still the worst schedule. 2 games in 7 days starting today. It didn't really get any better. Sorry, Jazz. Your schedule still sucks. Although it didn't it it does get much better at the end of that. Indiana and Sacramento, a distant second place in worst schedules right now. Sacramento goes one time over the next 4 days. That game is on Sunday, but then they have a back to back immediately following that. Indiana, same thing. They go one time over the next 4 days. That game, again, just like Sacramento, is on Sunday. They go back to back Tuesday, Wednesday of next week. So just kind of a bad 2 day or 4 day, if you wanna call it that span, for Indian Sacramento before it gets better. Lakers' schedule is about to get really bad, but they do go 2 times in the next 3 days. Minnesota is, I believe, basically the same as the Lakers. They go 2 times in the next 3 days. And then just like LA, 2 game week coming up next week. So that's problematic for those clubs, but you don't have to worry about that until after the weekend if you don't want to. Okay, Dan. Who the hell am I actually playing on these garbage teams you're talking about? Well, here's the thing. It can get a little bit goofy. So we gotta start with Portland because they have the best schedule of those teams. I'm going to actually help with a visual aid for those that are curious on this front. Let's do this one. Make sure you guys aren't seeing anything on my Twitter feed. You shouldn't be. There we go. Potential volume stream player. So the blazers do up wreath is a nice one, because Deandre Ayton sounds like he's out for a little bit longer. Delano Banton is interesting. He's not gonna put up giant numbers. But again, 5 games and 7 nights, you pretty much take anything. Chris Murray, Keegan's brother, not great. But, again, 5 games in 7 nights even if he only averages, like, 9 points, 4 rebounds, and a steal, one assist, you're still talking about, you know, 45, 20 rebounds, 5 assists, 5 steals. Like, that's that's something you're probably not gonna get out of somebody playing 3 games over those next 7 days. Jabari Walker and Tumani Kamara are some of the more interesting players in this group, but they're both questionable for Portland's game tonight. So you can't really make that call until later on this evening. They play at 7. They have one of the late games tonight, so you have to wait a while most likely to get the injury report. Although those are 2 of the guys that I would lean towards. One other name that I didn't tweet out that I wanna throw in there would be Scoot Henderson. He may come back at some point. If he we'd find out that he's coming back tonight, they'll be gentle with him, I'm sure. But 5 games of bad percentages, but possible volume could be worthwhile. Next team I met our next team I mentioned was the Charlotte Hornets. Oops. I forgot to put that on the screen. There they are. So there's the names you just saw for Portland. Now I'm actually using the visual aid I was claiming to use before. Charlotte, Grant Williams, he's on some rosters. He's not on others. Visalia Misich would be one of my, favorite here if he hasn't been picked up yet because Cody Martin's out for 2 weeks. Trey Mann is likely already rostered, so that would be a tough one, but would certainly be a favorite as well. And then Davis Bertans is kind of your reach in this group, but he's playing between 20 and 25 minutes. And we know when he's out there, he wants to chuck. So you might get 2 and a half, 3 pointers out of Bertons. 6 games and 9 nights again is the number here for Charlotte. If you can get any of those first three guys, Grant Williams, Mitcic, Mann, or even, like, if somebody dropped Nick Richards, that's great. So you don't have to do anything for 10 days. 6 games in 9 nights, even if they're bad, it'll still be good enough. Same kind of story for Bertons. The only problem in there is there is a chance he just stops playing halfway through. So that was a tougher one for me to actually give my seal of approval on. And then Cleveland, who I mentioned was the sort of distant third place. They go 3 games in 4 nights. You'd have to move off of these guys starting early next week, not the 1st day, but, pretty early next week. George Niang, Sam Merrill, Dean Wade. Wade is probably gonna start here, so he's safer than the other 2, but his fantasy game is also wimpier. Merrill or Niang, whichever one is starting for Max Struss is probably the direction you lean in, in that duo because you hope that you can now get those 3 games. Like, does Struse miss those 3? Even if he misses 2, maybe you get sort of a backup level game out of those guys for the other one. That would still be worth it. We're talking about, Niang and Merrill. And then Caris LaVirda and Isaac Okoro are probably rostered already because Cleveland, remember, started a 5 and 7 span 3 days ago, so they should have been picked up on Tuesday. But should any of these guys still be floating around, you could use them for this kind of short span today through Monday, and then get the hell out of the way after that because they go 2 games over 6 days after Monday. The cavaliers, their schedule goes from extremely loaded to very light as it tends to be when teams are coming off of those 5 in 7 runs. That's it, ladies and gentlemen. I wanted to do it in 9 minutes or less. Thank you to those that showed in, here on Twitter. You guys showed up quickly. YouTubers, I'm expecting most of you will be watching this after the fact, because I didn't really promo it in any in any way. But I wanted to get it out there quick. I wanted to make sure we had that double show today, and I did it. 9 minutes or less. I am Dan Vesperis. Thank you so much for watching all of our shows this week. We did 10. Two shows every day, Monday through Friday. We'll see if I have time to crank one out. A quickie, maybe like this one tomorrow Sunday, that would be the goal, not a big recap episode, just to keep everybody sort of rolling on the streamer stuff if you're in your playoff formats. And then we'll have our more traditional big recap show on the other side of the weekend. That'll be coming up on Monday. Again, I'll see you guys over on social at Dan Vespers. Please make sure to like, rate, and subscribe if you appreciate the ridiculous number of shows I'm putting out right now. Gotta save my voice. I got a play by play gig later on tonight. But, again, this is a sports ethos presentation. Go get an all sport pass so you can get some of these cool things that I've been showing you on the show, including go back and see it from a long time ago. We've got a draft tracker going on the baseball side. That thing is the bee's freaking knees. Alright. No more promo on this one. I gotta get going. I got too many things going on. Hugs and kisses, everybody. We'll see you soon.