Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I don't know why it took me so long to get my butt on the screen here, but here we go. It's Fantasy NBA Today. It's our recap and look ahead show for Wednesday morning, December 6, 2023. I am Dan Vesperce. Thanks as always everybody for hanging out with us. Spending a little chunk of your day on what I imagine will be a, moderately paced and length program as we roll back to back. Hopefully, you guys had a chance to check out our buy low show from yesterday morning and our sell high show that just wrapped up about 20 minutes ago here, on all of our channels, YouTube, iTunes, Spotify, whatever else. Magical places also exist in the universe. As far as today goes, we finally have games again. It's an 11 game Wednesday, and I admit I was kinda screwing up the math a little. So I was like, oh, yeah. There's gonna be, like, 12, 13 games that no. No. No. Because anybody that played Monday or Tuesday does not play tonight. They play Friday. Anybody that plays tomorrow, Thursday, already played Monday or Tuesday, and they're done for the week, fantasy wise. There's still the finals in Vegas over the weekend, but that one is not a fantasy game. So remember, the fantasy week is over on Friday. Today is, sort of like a maybe overload day. And that was the thing that I I got a little bit stuck on in my analysis, which is basically, like, there are going to be a lot of teams that are not full of roster today. If you have someone on your club that's playing tomorrow, don't drop them today because the guys going tomorrow, especially the streamers are gonna be sort of few and far between, and everybody's gonna be trying to grab the same 3 or 4 guys, Lakers, Pacers, Pelicans, and Bucks all going tomorrow. So if you've got a streamer level guy on one of those teams, you just you kinda have to hang on. But if you have anybody from one of the teams that lost Monday or Tuesday, they are very much a drop because you will likely be overloaded on Friday. Friday is a 13 game card. You'll probably have an opportunity to roll a full lineup out there. So anybody that played Monday or Tuesday that lost, drop them for a streamer today to make sure your lineup's full. Or if you can pick up someone that's playing tomorrow, if you say if you have a full lineup today or you're very close to 1, that could also work. But there's absolutely there's almost no reason at all to hang on to a fringe level player that lost in the, IST quarterfinals round. Wanted to get that off my chest before we start talking about what happened yesterday and what's coming up tonight. Again, thanks as always for hanging out with us, everybody. Find me over on social at Dan Vesperis. This is a sports ethos presentation. You can see their logos all over everything we do here as it should be. Sports ethos is, like, 6 or 7 years old now, which seems kind of insane. How the heck did that happen? Still growing, still having a good old time. Opportunity for me to tell all of you that watch this show. If you guys think you can handle being an analyst, Sports Ethos is always looking for new folks that wanna kinda break into the industry. Hit me up. Reach out on Twitter or here in the YouTube live chat if you're watching with us as it's going. After the fact, YouTube commenters, that's fine. I'm really trying to get in there and answer all YouTube comments, not quickly, but eventually. And, so we can we can have some fun. Alright. Enough about streaming for this week. Let's get well, we'll probably talk more about it in a minute. But let's get straight into the short two game card yesterday. There's very, very little to cover from yesterday. Couple of key points, Knicks lost in Milwaukee got blown out despite Julius Randle going for 41 points on only 19 shots. And remember, this was this was a hard one for me. Julius Randle was on my BYLO board last week. He was the Bilo one of the Bilo names on, the week 6 episode. That was last Tuesday, I think. That one came out. He was ranked outside the top 200. I was like, look. I don't like Julius Randle's fantasy game as much as the next guy, but he ain't gonna be this bad all season long. And sure enough, since then, he's been wonderful. He's moved up from 2 18 to 164 in a week. And then this ballgame did a whole lot to help semi fix his free his, field goal percent. Now we the free the free throw number a little bit higher, and, hopefully, everything will kinda balance out for him. He's probably a sell high now after this giant ballgame, but that's you're kinda threading the needle if you bought low a week ago and you're trying to sell high today. Just understand that the the full Julius Randle experience will be somewhere in between. Josh Hart had, a pretty good fantasy game by all accounts with 3 steals kinda floating things for him, but only 26 minutes because RJ Barrett played better, at least for stretches in this ballgame. It was a blowout, and we've seen Josh Hart's minutes fluctuate weirdly in blowout games. So I I don't know the exact, situation there. He might have seen another 2 or 3 minutes at the end of the ballgame. Still, it's hard for me to call him a full rest of season play when his minutes are this dynamic, fluid, insecure. So I'd rather use Josh Hart as a streamer for now, which, you know, that appeal kinda wears off with them losing this ballgame. If you wanna hang on to him sort of indefinitely, you can. Every time I try to quit him, then he gets minutes for 2 or 3 games in a row. He's not playable in a 9 cat roto league right now because you just don't know what which are you gonna get the 25, 26 minute iteration? Are you gonna get the 31 minute iteration of Harden? There's a pretty big gap in between those two. Head to head, he's playable in a good situation because, you know, 25, 26 minutes actually still enough for him to do something. Like, a 4 game week for Josh Hart right now would be playable in a head to head weekly format. So that's that cough snuck up on me. So he's falls somewhere in between those 2, and that's why he he's sitting on a little bit of a razor's edge. Remember how earlier this year, I was like, yeah. I don't think Emanuel Quickley is actually a a 12 team play unless Jalen Brunson gets hurt. And a bunch of people were like, no. No. No. No. No. You need to get the points out of him. Well, yeah. I think you guys get it at this point. We need to beat a dead horse there. Milwaukee is a very easy team to handicap right now. Bobby Portis, he did block 2 shots in this game, which is kinda weird for him. But overall, he's, streamer level. He has not cleared that. I thought there was a good chance he could when Jae Crowder went down, and it looked like he might for about a week ish, but he's fallen off the end of the map again. And it's mostly because his fantasy game is not all that well rounded. He mostly scores and rebounds. And so if he doesn't do those for a game, he's becomes kind of a goose egg. Khris Middleton got up to 26 minutes for whatever that's worth. I still think he's gonna be one of the most annoying players to roster in Fantasy all season long. Every time there's any little nagging thing, they're gonna dial him back down to 22, 23 minutes of all game. Is he a buy low? Technically, yeah. But that doesn't mean you have to. And, frankly, I think I'd rather just not deal continue, by the way, to not deal with Khris Middleton because I drafted him in 0 places. I told you guys he was gonna be a huge headache this year. Don't risk it. I know it felt like, oh, if I can get him at 91100, he could no. Here's the thing about fantasy sports. And I don't wanna spend too much time on this little philosophical non sequitur, but you don't have to try to get every value you think you see. So, you know, I was like, look. If you guys wanna pick up Miles Bridges, he's probably gonna have fantasy value. Go ahead. I'm just not doing it. I feel confident, and I can win my league without him. And I'm in, 8 Yahoo cash leagues and then, you know, a smattering of non Yahoo leagues. Yahoo or Yahoo? It doesn't matter. 3 of those are head to head. God help me. I hate them all. 1 of them is a Keeper League, so that one doesn't really apply. And the other 4 are Roto redraft. I don't have any Miles Bridges on any of those teams, and the 4 Roto redraft teams are ranked 1st, 1st, 2nd, and 1st as I look down the page. So you can win without going and trying to snatch every value. This isn't even about Bridges. This is about Middleton who I get it. If you were if he was on the board at a 100, you're like, oh, this is Khris Middleton. Like, I gotta take him at a 100. You don't you don't have to do anything. Even if a guy falls way farther than you think he should, if you know in your heart of hearts that someone's gonna be a huge headache or a pain or someone you just don't even wanna root for for veering back into the other thing, that's okay. At a 100, Khris Middleton might have been a value, but he also is gonna be a massive, massive winding headache to get there. And I just wanted nothing to do with that, and I still don't. What I do want to deal with is the rise of Damian Lillard and Brook Lopez still being this freaking awesome on a day to day basis. You guys know I anytime Brook Lopez has a big ballgame, I have to talk about it because I I reminded it's the it's the breaking bad meme, Jesse Pinkman yelling, how do they keep letting him do this? How did he how does he keep getting away with this? Yeah. That's how I feel about us having Brook Lopez on our fantasy teams. How do they keep letting us do this? He's a fantasy juggernaut. 3.7 combined defensive stats. Huge. Good percentages, low turnovers, just enough threes points and rebounds so that he's not sinking you in any of those categories. I adore it. Meanwhile, Dame is up to number 17. We've talked at length over the last 2 or 3 weeks about how I felt like if you could get him for other guys ranked nearby. He was the one name in that group that was still ascending because the field goal percent was the big one you knew was gonna work its way up the board. And, frankly, it does kinda seem like field goal attempts maybe also slowly working their way up. Although this one ended up in a blowout. He got all of his stuff in 13 attempts and 8 free throws, because Giannis is a monster. Giannis still can't hit a free throw to save his damn life, but it sorta doesn't matter because he's been so damn good in everything else that, he is justifying his punt free throw early draft spot on 30 points, 11 rebounds, and 2.7 combined defensive stats and high volume 61% from the field. No one was touching Nikola Jokic in that category last year, but Giannis is ahead of him this time around. Weighted field goal percent impact? Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. It's GA. Game 2 had even fewer fantasy angles than game 1. Grayson Allen had a big ball game. 21 points. He had 4 3 pointers, had 3 defensive stats. He beat out Eric Gordon in the witch. Fringe streamer will have a decent ball game battle in this one. But overall, I'm not particularly enamored with either of them. Grayson Allen, technically, right now is a 12 team startable guy. He's ranked 105 on the year in 9 cat after this big ballgame, pushed him up from the 1 thirties. But, it's not a sustainable number, especially once Bradley Beal is back around. He's shooting 90% at the free throw line and 48 a half percent from the field. Like, in terms of what he does for that team, he fits as a, like, a a pretty good role player around their superstars, but he's also a career 44% shooter from the field, career 40 from 3. He's at 4847 in those respectively. He's a good foul shooter, so that might not come down. Explaining more minutes, so you can probably assume the rebounds and assists stay a little bit higher. But a lot of his stuff is coming back down. And when they do, then he becomes basically a schedule streamer, much like the way I feel about Eric Gordon, who historically does not have the world's greatest fantasy game, but he is inside the top 90 right now largely because he's at about, what, 7, 8 ball games where he's been the number 2 option. It was Kevin Durant against the universe for, like, two and a half of the first six and a half weeks of this season. Booker's only played 12 games. KD's played 19. So, basically, in 7 of those ball games, Eric Gordon's been he's been forced into you gotta go be a high usage guy thing. He ain't taking 12 shots a game all season long. And when he stops, well So fine. If you wanna try these guys now, I think it's your funeral. Also, Yousef Nurkic, terrible ballgame. This does tend to happen for him against Anthony Davis. The Lakers are a a a dismal matchup for Nurk because they just pull him into every pick and roll and then blow right by him. Because LeBron is strong enough and still fast enough somehow to, just destroy Nurk. So just, you know, hope that they don't have to play the Lakers that many more times for his fantasy value, and everything will be fine. And then LeBron, I I just I honestly don't even understand how he's still able to do this stuff. He just jumped himself about 4 no. Farther than that. He jumped himself up about 8 rank slots with this game last night, from, basically, the very end of the twenties back up all the way to number 20, mostly because of the 5 steals. The other stuff were things we've seen him do. 31 points for LeBron, repeatable, not every night. And then the 25 shots. Basically, this was the, like, go get it type of thing, this whole in season tournament deal the Lakers are taking very seriously. And they had a crap ton of extra opportunities in this game. Lakers had 9 turnovers. Suns had, I thought, 22, although, I have a couple been adjusted down. Only 20. Some of them were team turnovers, I guess. Those don't, show up in the in the box in a certain way. So the lakers had all these extra opportunities, and nobody could really make a shot besides basically Braun and sometimes Austin Reeves. This was, I think it was what was it? Justin Russo, I think, who covered the Clippers for a while. He might still cover the Clippers. He had a really he had a really funny note on this game, and I'm trying to remember where it was if I could find it in in the Twitter sphere. I can't find it right now. This is, like, the 3rd time in 2,000 games that one team shot 49%, and the other shot 37. And the 37% team won. There was a crazy call at the end of the ballgame. There were, like, 3 crazy calls at the end of the ballgame. Phoenix Suns fans are gonna be livid because that weird time out. Although the pool report, the officials were like, it was actually still pinned to Austin's leg when LeBron was calling for time out. It didn't look that way to those of us that were watching live. As a Laker fan, you know, I'll take it. Although there was a play about 45 game seconds earlier where both LeBron and Anthony Davis got hacked on drives to the rim, and nothing happened there. So, like, if you go over the entire ballgame, they probably even out. It's just that the last one we remember was maybe the most egregious. Either way, fun ball game. I didn't think the Lakers were gonna win this one. They did. Defensively, they played really well. And if they make any shots, they're probably up by 15 for most of this one. Either way, core 4, that's all you're going with on the Lakers side. Dilo had a bad ballgame. He wasn't shooting well. And if he's not shooting well, they're gonna look in other directions because, defensively, they have better options. They just ran long in this game. Reeves took over at point. Reddish and Tori and Prince stayed on there for their length, and so Deelo just didn't get to play as much. He'll be fine, though. And then guys like Reddish, Tori and Prince, Rui Hachimura, Jared Vanderbilt, these are not guys that you need to actually keep on your team. They're for weeks like this one. If you have those guys, great. You can roll them through to Thursday because they have the better schedule. But, otherwise, nope. Okay. We got a nice 11 game Wednesday coming up. We're gonna break all of this down. I do wanna take this very quick reminder in the middle of the show to, ask you guys to go find me on social media at danbespres, and do come come hang out with us in Discord. There aren't as many of you watching live, and also I'm talking really fast, so it's possible that usually we're we're deeper into a show by this point. And maybe it's because I'm doing 2 shows back to back. Either way, thank you to everybody that continues to watch, but I I do ask you all to please you don't need to pay for anything. This stuff is free, but please pay in a small amount of energy. So please go click a like button. Click a subscribe button if you wanna find something on Twitter and like that. That's all I ask of you. Just find one thing to either a a click. Give me one click out of your day, and then I'll feel satisfied. That's it. That's all I ask. Whatever it is. The like button might be closest for YouTubers, those that are listening in in traditional pod channels. It might be easier to just flip over to something I've got on social, or flip over to something and and click an invite into Discord. That's in the description. Whatever you do, just one like, one click. That's all I ask. Also, shout out once again to MANSCAPED and MANSCAPED dot com for their continued support of our show and ExpressVPN. The coupon codes for those two places, Manscaped.com. The coupon code is ETHOS 20 to get 20% off and free shipping. ETHOS20. 20% off free shipping at Manscaped. And for ExpressVPN, it's actually a specialty URL. It's expressvpn.com/hoopball. So go with the old name. That's how you get an extra 3 months free on the end of your 1 year membership. Alright. Big Wednesday. Not as big as Friday, but we're cooking. What do we got? What do we got here on this relatively large Wednesday? Sixers, Kelly Oubre. That's good news. Likely to come back for this ballgame. I don't know how many minutes he's gonna play, but we're gonna wanna track that and see how it impacts anybody else on the team. For the Wizards, it's the same thing as always. Basically, can they keep the ballgame close enough for all of the regulars to have value, or is it just gonna be another blowout where Kyle Kuzma gets his 25 shots and then heads to the pine, and everybody else plays 23 minutes? It's the sixers, so, unfortunately, the latter is possible. Grizzlies, we've seen jjj start to ramp up a little bit. We'll see if that continues here. Is Santay Aldama a hold? He is for me for the moment. We'll see how it goes. Pistons, Bojan Bogdanovic on the ramp up. That's fun to watch. Killian Hayes has looked pretty good here the last 2 or 3 ball games, but is it a flash where he's sort of getting in there and his energy is high? Does it run out, or does he have staying power? And what'll become of Azar Thompson? I, you know, I I don't think he's gonna be benched all season long. It feels kinda like they could see him running out of gas after this big adrenaline surge 1st month. And so now they're kinda hanging tough. Is he a buy low? I think we could probably let it go a little longer, actually. You might even get him off the waiver wire if this keeps up. The magic. I still think Goga Butadze is, like, right around the edge of the top 10110 as a fill in. That doesn't make him all that fun. They'll need him, presumably, for this ballgame. They're playing a very large opponent in Cleveland, so maybe? And then we're keeping an eye on Cole Anthony as well. Cavs, nothing really. The Heat, so many streams, so many streams, so many streams. Kyle Lowry, go. Jaimee Haquez, probably go. Orlando Robinson, maybe. Duncan Robinson, yeah. Tyler Herro, Bam Adebayo, hopefully, they'll be back in the not too distant future. But until they are, we just got all these guys parachuting into Fantasy value. Raptors, nothing. The Nets, I continue to wonder, what does the Cam Thomas return do to everybody else? So far, the answer is not all that much, but it does feel like he's gonna have to sort of siphon something away from Dinwiddie, Bridges, Johnson. You know, I I we don't plan all these guys. That that's fine. I just I wanna know where they all end up. And sometimes that takes a few weeks, the great leveling. Sometimes we need a few weeks to assess, but we are assessing. The hawks, nothing. Spurs, nothing. Wolves, mostly just whether or not Anthony Edwards is gonna play. Hornets, Do we think Gordon Hayward can get back inside the top 100? Honest to goodness, I don't know. I still think the answer's probably, but I admit that I may be too optimistic there, which is funny because I was extraordinarily pessimistic on Hayward last year, and you guys killed me for it. But I was right. And then this year, I was like, well, I don't know. And then he was better, and so I was wrong. And now I'm on it, and and now I feel like I might be wrong again. Like, maybe I was right last year all the way around, and I should've just been like, you know what? Gordon Hayward still sucks, and I shouldn't have gone back on it. But he was good to start this year. Miles Bridges came back. That seemed to hurt him. LaMelo went down. I don't know if that's gonna help enough, but that's why we're watching. We'll keep an eye on Brandon Miller as well. He's been good enough to play lately. Don't know how the rookie sine wave will go for him, but we'll we'll we'll keep watch on it. The Bulls, they've been playing better lately since since Zach LaVine was rested. You know? And that's the thing. Like, you can be a very, very, very good basketball player, and Zach LaVine is all of those things. But if you have a small nagging injury, which I think is probably true. I think he probably does have a sore foot. If you have a sore foot and you don't really wanna be there, that's the combination that ends up hurting the team. So now you get him out of the way, and you're just putting guys in that wanna be there. And, again, this isn't a knock on LaVine. He knows he's on the block, and he's got some nagging injuries. And so it's like, now what's the point? Like, why am I gonna blow my foot out here if this team's gonna unload me in a second anyway? I don't wanna be in better shape for some new team. So they shut him down. I don't know if Alex Russo's playing or not. I'd love it if he is because he's a guy that's always gonna give full energy, but that damn toe and just generally his body can barely take it. But then you got guys like Kobe White who's playing much, much better since LaVine went down. I got into a Twitter argument with somebody, about this who just could not could not hold the 2 separate thoughts. He was like, Dan, you're way late on Kobe White. He's been great for a month. Look at his rank over the last month. And I was like, okay. Now we gotta talk about what an average means again. And it just it wasn't it wasn't landing, and it got so frustrating for me. And my kids were yelling at me that I lashed out, and I do feel bad about that. But I wanna talk about it on the pod right now because, yes, Kobe White over the last month is ranked number 64. But over the past 2 weeks, he's number 25. So it's important to realize what he was doing before those 2 weeks. Basically, since the news broke that Zach LaVine was on the trade block, and he started getting rested first like every other game and now every game. If you look at Kobe White's first, well, let's see. 2 weeks would put us back into, like, mid end of November. So, basically, like, the 1st month of the year for Kobe. He was outside the top 180. So when you look at an average, yes, over the last month, he's in the sixties. He actually happened to have one, like, slightly better week in there. I think that was one where they rested Zach LaVine for, like, 2 games out of the 4. Either way, the aggregate of the first four and some odd weeks for Kobe White was not even close to 9 gap playable outside the top 180. And then over the last 2 weeks, basically, since they've said Zach LaVine is out, Kobe, you're in. Go nuts. He's been great. So when someone's like, Danny's been good for a month, that's not true. You have to understand how a player got to the point that they were. Yeah. Over the last month, he's ranked number 64. But the 2 weeks before, he was been top 25. He's top 25 the last 2 weeks. The 2 weeks before that, he was outside the top 140. So, no, it's not about being too late on a guy. A look back is only as good as how you understand the individual chunks of it. There have been today's Wednesday, and the season started on a Tuesday. This is week 7. There have effectively been 6 full weeks of basketball in the season as of, like, 2 days ago. So we're a little over 6 weeks. If you looked at each individual week for Kobe White, the last 2 have been very good. And there was one previous week in the first four and change that was decent. Not great, but decent. The other 3 were awful. So, please, I beg of you guys, understand how you're using the board before you come yelling at me about it. If you were sitting on Kobe White all year, more power to you. Because, yeah, it seemed like the Bulls were in a little bit of a tough spot. I personally did not have a roster spot to roster somebody who was performing at a top 200 clip with basically like an we didn't know indefinitely on how long the Bulls were gonna try to see if this thing worked. Then when it was obvious they were terrible, then it became a much more prudent decision. Same story for Patrick Williams. We know he's on the stash board as well. Anyway, the list goes on and on. Iota sumo would be there if they move guys like Caruso and DeRozan. Anyway, let's get back to, cracking these these nuts open. How did I how the hell did I get over to the Bulls? I feel like I feel like I skipped something. No. I didn't skip anything. Thunder, nothing really. Rockets, are we seeing Jabari Smith Junior's rise, or is this, you know, gonna be the sort of up and down of a thing? Either way, he's been playing well lately, so that's nice. The Jazz, just repeating myself. I'm in an infinite loop here until Lowry Markkanen comes back. Jordan Clarkson, by the way, also out for this ballgame. So you could probably stream Colin Sexton if you wanted some points on okay percentages. Keontae George, not efficient enough. K. I I wanna go do the whole thing thing. Mavericks, it sounds like Kyrie and Tim Hardaway junior are both back, so you can punt on whatever streamers you were thinking about there. Derek Lively is awesome, so roll there. Nuggets, Jamal Murray's health status is kind of the only thing in question. You know, Reggie Jackson has been good the last couple. The when he was in there a bunch basically, like, when Murray missed a 3 weeks or whatever it was before, Reggie Jackson was not a 9 cat guy. But if you catch him on the right night, it could work. Head to head, he makes more sense, obviously. Clippers, nothing really right now. The stars are actually playing pretty well at the moment, so there isn't any by low opportunity. Blazers, Anthony Simons may be back for this ballgame, maybe. Jeremy Gran is out with a concussion. Deandre Ayton is out with some knee soreness. So this is gonna be a real weird one for the Blazers, but we might get an interesting data point on, like, who fills in at big man spots. And then the warriors, sounds like they're getting CP 3 and Andrew Wiggins back. We'll see if, Wiggins can kinda pick up where he left off. He was playing well. He actually did best ball game of the year before, whacking his finger in a car door. For goodness sake, dude. And then what does this mean for Klay? He's been kinda coming on a little bit lately. Not great, but certainly better. And the warriors, it's really a question of, like, how can these old guys get it damn together? Get it together. Alright. That's what's coming up. I think that's everybody on the board. Right? Yeah. We'll shut that sucker down. Let's do a few questions here because we're only half an hour in. I'll do about 10 minutes of questions, then I gotta get back to my day. If you have them, let's see. What's the okay. Question at 10:41. That's the last one I'm gonna do. So if you didn't get your question in now, it's not getting answered today, but I'm gonna try to get them all in up to that point. Here we go. Competitive 9 cat Roto League. How much fab to spend on Buddy Heel? Well, assuming you started with a 100, I spent, like, 27 on him in a league, and I got him. But he's been good for, like, a week and a half since that happened, so you might need to go into the thirties to get it done. And you said it's competitive, so you might even need to go into the forties. I know it's Tuesday recap and Wednesday look ahead, but could you potentially spend some time going over options for tomorrow's 4 gamers so your viewers can make sure to get the best options available? Yeah. It's not a terrible idea, actually. So the problem is a lot of these guys are gonna be rostered already because they were picked up for their games yesterday and the day before. Indy, the sort of fringy players that you'd wanna roll with would be Obi Toppin and Aaron Neesmith. Milwaukee, campaign would be the very sort of basement level 1, but Bobby Portis is probably your better option there. Pelicans, you know, they're they're pretty starter heavy right now, and Trey Murphy is is fairly, almost universally rostered. So there aren't many options, but Jose Alvarado and Dyson Daniels would be the ones you could maybe look at. Najee Marshall would be the fringy one. And for the Lakers, Cam Reddish, Torian Prince, maybe Roy Ichimura is about as far as I would go, but I don't I don't think I'm even going that far. Reddish and Prince are the ones you trust more because at least they're generally starting, and I'm guessing they'll probably go big here against Zion and and Jonas Balanchunas. Sound like they want LeBron dealing with Zion all game long, and they definitely don't want Anthony Davis dealing with Zion. So the Lakers are gonna have some personnel decisions. What does that mean we get off like, you might get an Anthony Davis, Jackson Hayes frontcourt for stretches. Christian Wood probably doesn't play because he's a little bit he's not he's not quite strong enough defensively. You'll probably see them put, you know, reddish on, like, McCollum or Reddish Mike guard Ingram. Vanderbilt did a pretty good job on Brandon Ingram last year, so you might see a little more Vando. Still, I think Prince and Reddish are probably the guys that you'd consider in kinda that that deep stream mode. 10 team roto. Anthony Davis, Zach Collins, Klay Thompson, one side, Kyrie Gafford, Nick Claxton on the other. Who wins the trade? Well, on one side, you're getting Anthony Davis and then 2 guys who haven't really been 10 team playable. And on the other side, you're at least getting all 3 guys that are 10 team playable, but AD is so far out in front of everybody else in overall rank. I think a little bit has to do with team needs. I know this particular person says they're punting points. So, you know, Klay Thompson becomes even less useful there, but I'll also Kyrie Irving becomes less useful. I'd probably go with the Kyrie Gafford Claxton side because you're gonna Kyrie, I think, is gonna end up in the mid teens. AD is always an injury risk, so there's that hanging over you. Gafford has been a top 60 guy. Claxton could be a top 40 guy this year. I think that's basically, you're getting a little bit more than enough for Anthony Davis alone. If this was, like, Kyrie and Gafford for Anthony Davis, I'd take the Davis side. But getting Claxton an early round big for kinda junk makes it swing back the other way. Predictions on where Shohei Ohtani lands. You know what? I'm having a lot of fun watching this crap. I've got this tinfoil you guys know I'm a Dodger fan. I've got this tinfoil hat thing going on that Dave Roberts I don't know if anybody watching this show pays attention to baseball. But Dodgers manager Dave Roberts came out and confirmed they had a meeting with Ohtani, and, apparently, his camp doesn't want anybody to know who he's met with. My tinfoil hat says that Roberts doesn't want the dodgers to sign Ohtani because he's gonna cost $600,000,000, and I think he'd rather go get a couple of frontline starting pitchers because that's really what the team needed. They got blitzed in the playoffs because their starters went, like, 4 innings in 4 games. Gross or whatever it was. But maybe he just maybe he just slipped up. Either way, I have no idea. I don't have the first clue. I know the Blue Jays are going, like, full bore at him. Originally, I thought he might go mariners, but they pulled themselves out of the running because the price tag was too high. But mariners have such awesome, Japanese baseball heritage there with, Ichiro. And so then the California made a lot of sense, because he's already in SoCal and large Japanese populations and, you know, closest technically to home. I have this weird thing going on in my brain that he just goes back to the Angels because I don't why why not? I still I still actually think it's the Dodgers, but I I I really don't know. I'm interested. It's cool, man. I'm I'm excited about it. Let's see here. Roto strategy question. If I have 12 startable top 100 players, do I start all 12, or do I only start 10 and play the others if someone sits? I'm basically playing all 12, by the way. Because I think at some point, your guys are gonna miss time. And at that point, you're gonna be glad that you're running kinda even with the game's cap or maybe just the tiniest bit in front of it, as opposed to falling behind and then having to scramble to figure out who to start in that spot. So I'm actually okay. If you got if they're all, like, legitimately good if some of them are, like, dangling at the edge of the top 100, maybe you sit them in a game, where they're against a really good defense or something like that. But if you really have 12 guys that are, like, ranked 88th or better, you'd probably play them. And then when you have time I know time is fleeting. I have almost none. Try to package some dudes. Not not your guys at the end of the bench. Package somebody that's, like, a top 40 with a top 80 and see if you can turn them into a top, you know, 28 or something like that. Because you've got more guys than you need, and you can try to ring some value out of one of them. Rank the following players. Keegan Murray, Khris Middleton, Trey Murphy. Keegan, Trey, Middleton. Because I just don't wanna deal with Middleton this year. Best stream for today out of Denny Avdia, Andrew Wiggins, Orlando Robinson, or Stash Scoot Henderson? I'll go Avdia. Catching the show, drinking my morning coffee all the way from New Zealand. Dan, you are a legend. Thanks, man. That's very kind. You've helped me to multiple titles in both head to head in roto. Also fun to know. How does Jaw's return affect JJJ and Desmond Bane? It's gonna take some stuff away from Bane. I actually think it makes Jaren Jackson better because Jah gets him open, and JJJ is better when he doesn't have to focus so much on the offensive side. He can go back to just fly swatting everybody. Bane will have to do a little bit less, so he'll probably take a small hit there. Trey Murphy, your buddy healed rest of season. Give me buddy. I'll just take the guy who's starting right now. Talking about breakouts, I wish Lively got 30 minutes per game, says point blank Mish. Yeah. You and me both, buddy. But you know what? We don't have to worry about it because I think at some point this year, he probably will start to get close to 30 minutes per game. Just inching up the board right now. Dan, great show. Thanks, man. Or a gal. Dina, you could be thanks, human. I'm in a 12 team league. I had a rough start. Can I depend on Harden, Kawhi, and Westy to carry me? I also have Wembanyama and some decent bigs. Westbrook, probably, no. Not in 9 Cat. The others, sure. Reese says, I've been listening so long that yours and Bruce kids are literally growing up on the pod. It is crazy. I feel like I need to, like, have them run onto the show and just permanent marker the year on their head. So you guys can just do one photo of them every year as they blitz onto the podcast from the side. Life since COVID, basically. I traded Williams for Collins and Smart. Honest to god, the only player on that list who I know is Marcus Smart. There are multiple Williams and multiple Collins. I'm sorry, man. I I I don't know who you're talking about. I gotta have first names on these. Just a couple more questions here. Remember, I said up to 1041 questions I was answering, and then we're done. How much longer should I hold Duncan Robinson and or Gilead Hayes? Hold Duncan Robinson until Tyler Herro comes back. Hold Gilead Hayes until we figure out what he is. Is Santi Adama a must roster? No. But I am holding him for now. Who benefits in Chicago? Tory Craig? Nah. Chicago, the beneficiaries of all this stuff, obviously, Kobe White, and then Patrick Williams and IO DeSouma were the other guys we've seen kinda step up. Two more questions. This is a whole team. Thoughts on my team? This is a hard one. Darren Fox, Donovan Mitchell, Jayson Tatum, Chad Holmgren, Bam, Suggs, Dilo, it's a 10 teamer. Walker Kessler, Jamal Murray, Keegan Murray, Brook Lopez. Your team looks awesome, but it's also hard for me to visualize how 10 teamers work because everybody's team looks awesome in a 10. Your job, if you're in a 10 team league or fewer, is to take as many of your 50 range guys as possible and package them up and try to turn them into 25 or higher. It's easier said than done. I get it. But if you could take, like, Jamal Murray and D'Angelo Russell and put them together and try to get, like, a top 30 guard, you do it. Or if you could take, you know, D Lo and Jalen Suggs and turn them into a top 40 guard, you do it. Because depth is meaningless in a 10 teamer, because everybody on the wire is good. Last question for the day. I just traded Larry Markkanen and Brook Lopez for Damian Lillard and Yousef Nurkic. What do you think? Points league. Pretty fair. You're selling a tiny bit low on Markkanen because he's out right now, but getting something for Brooke is decent. It's probably a little bit of an overpay, but it's not it's not crazy. If this was 9 cat, I would say it's a it's a big overpay. But points league's not that much because I'm I'm assuming Dame is rocking pretty good. One one request for you for all of you that are hanging out with us. If you do a points league post, please try to throw their average in parentheses for me because points leagues have a bunch of different ways of doing the settings. ESPN, I know, counts percentages a little bit more this year. CBS doesn't. FanTrax has theirs. Yahoo has theirs. So it's hard for me to know exactly what these guys have done. I have the 9 cat board in front of me. That one I can do on the fly, but the other one's a little more complicated. Somebody said I missed his question, but I clicked on every one of them. So maybe it came up. Jordan says you missed my question. I I don't actually see it on the board here. If you posted it, maybe it got lost in some sort of shuffle. But I I I I don't see it, so I apologize. It didn't pop up in my StreamYard. I don't know if there's been some sort of glitch, but I clicked on every single one that went through. Really sorry about that. Throw it to me, in the comments after the show. I'll make sure to get to those. And that goes for the rest of you as well. If you put a live question in that I didn't get to, pop it in the comments post show, and I'll get to those at some point later on today or this evening. Thanks again to MANSCAPED and ExpressVPN. I am Dan Vesperis at Dan Vesperis on social. Again, I ask of you guys, not for your money, but for a few seconds of your time to please click on something, anything at all. Click on a thumbs up. Click on a subscribe button. Click on a like, a heart, a retweet on Twitter. Whatever it is, one click. That's all I ask of you today, and we'll keep growing this thing together. Thank you to Sports Ethos as always, our benevolent overlords. We'll get back at you guys tomorrow. I'm hoping we get to debut a new type of show tomorrow. Stay tuned on social. We'll, we'll, announce that one if it's happening. I think it's happening if it's happening. Okay. Goodbye.