Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright. So I've been thinking about this particular show idea for a while, and I never could quite figure out when I wanted to do it. Apologies. Clicked a button. I didn't mean to there. So I figured today, why the hell not? You got the MLK Dame, day games going all day long. There's a bunch of them happening as we speak right now. I think 4 games are still in progress. We got 6 more coming up in the evening. And the nice thing about this show is that it's not really dated. Sure. You know, trade valuations can change a little bit day to day. But for the most part, what we do on this show will remain mostly accurate for the foreseeable future. So let's break down what we're actually gonna be doing today. First of all, hi. I'm Dan Vesperis. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. It's a specialty show. It's something I've been kicking around in the old laboratory for some time. And it's a Trade Raider show, where, basically, you guys submit them, and I grade them live on air. I've prepared I've prepared 0 content that is, on my own. This is all gonna be me, you know, flashing through player rank pages and formats and all that good stuff and telling you whether or not whatever you're doing makes sense or doesn't make sense. This is not about real life trades. This is about fantasy trades. Meaning, the people that are gonna enjoy this the most are probably gonna be the ones that are enjoying it live or close to live. I will be looking at the trades in the chat room, which can either come from Twitter or from YouTube, and I'm gonna be I'm gonna be looking at them chronologically. So if you're here early, post your trades early. If it's obscenely complicated, I might jump over 1, but I'm gonna try to do them in order as we go, and we'll see if this works as a show format. If it crashes and burns, nosedives into the middle of the ocean, well, at least we tried. And if it's lovely and everybody has a wonderful time, then we'll do it again in a couple of weeks. There's your that's the stakes for this one. For, those of you that are watching this over on the social side, because I'm trying to do more simulcasting these days, days, please make sure take a second to follow at danbesbris. It's d a n b e s b r I s. No matter where you're taking in the show, please do spend 2 seconds of your time to like or subscribe or both, because that ends up going a long way. Shout out, by the way, to everybody that has subscribed to ethos history. And, you know, I feel a little bit dumb, because if I had actually invested my time and resources into YouTube 5, 6 years ago, it would be a much, much bigger juggernaut on that side, but I just kept putting it off. Like, no. I can just do pods. I can just do pods. I can just do traditional shows, audio. That's where I'm comfortable. I was obviously wrong, because about a year ago, 13 months or so, we started finally putting some time and resources into the YouTube side, and the growth has been crazy. I think it's up from, like, 2000 to 5000 in a year. And it tends to be kind of a snowballing process. The more people the more subs you have, the more people see your stuff, the more it drops into algorithms, the more likes and subscriptions you get, and it's sort of this big rolling ball thing. So, obviously, I should have done this a long time ago. But I'm an idiot, and I waited. And so now I need all of your help. So, again, please do like, rate, subscribe. We got some trades in the chat room already. There's, like, 10, 15 of you that popped him in there before the show started. So we're gonna just start at the top, and I hope that others of you that are watching with us here do take a moment to throw your trades in there as well. Because if we only get 10 or 15 trades, well, then the show is not gonna take nearly as long as I wanted. And maybe that'll be sort of a a not so subtle jab to me that's saying, you need to either post this way earlier so people can preload the chat room, or, maybe it's just not a good idea. 1 of the 2. Either way, we're gonna figure it out here on the fly. Let's do trade number 1. Andy says, I traded Kristoff Porzingis for Jimmy Butler and 9 cat head to head. I actually like the Porzingis side on this one. You guys know I think Jimmy Butler's a buy low. I'm I'm sticking by that. He's number 47 in 9 cat. He's actually moved up per game rankings while he's been hurt because guys that were in front of him that kind of probably didn't belong in front of him have fallen back. Trying to think of a few of the guys where that's actually happened to them. I think, who are the guys that fell back? Devin Miceli's fallen back a little bit. Miles Bridges has fallen back a little bit. Bam Adebayo was kind of a weird didn't that little bit of a surprise to see him fall back. Tyler Herro has fallen back, Bogdan Bogdanovic. So, like, guys are slowly falling back. Not much. But for Butler, it's all about the steals. Right now, he's at 21 points, 5 boards, 4 and a half assists. Yeah. The assists are a little bit lower than you'd want, but the steals are only at 1. And that's a number that with Jimmy, you generally are hoping is closer to 2. Thing is and I I know the first thought is, but, Dan, you would've had us draft Butler ahead of Porzingis at the beginning of the year. Yes. But a lot of that was a draft theory kind of thing. Meaning, I like them both going into draft season, but Jimmy Butler is one you were going to have to take sooner because he wouldn't be back around to you the next loop through in a way that Porzingis likely would be even if at the end of it all, like, I still I still thought that Butler would probably outperform Porzingis on a per game basis. That may or may not happen still the rest of the way. They're not separated by all that much, like 20 slots right now. But Porzingis was going later in draft, so that's why you could take him later. Drafts are not always about drafting guys in the order that you think they're gonna finish. It's about drafting guys in an order that allows you to get as many of your targets as humanly possible. But as it stands right now, Porzingis is healthy, Butler is not. How that goes the rest of the season, we don't totally know for sure. But I think we have a pretty good idea of what Porzingis is this year, which is somewhere between 20 30 on a per game side. Butler, I think, probably does get back up into that range. But when does he come back from his injury? Could it be later tonight? Maybe. I'm just not willing to take that chance. And there's also the chance that his steals don't come back. It's just a weird year where Jimmy doesn't steal the basketball. And so then you probably, at that point, that that's another reason to lean sort of more towards the Kristoff side. Trade number 2. Let's oh my goodness. Demonta Sabonis, Giannis Antetokounmpo, Evan Mobley, and I'm assuming this is Trey Murphy for Dejounte Murray, Kyrie Irving, DeMar DeRozan, and Miles Bridges in a 10 team points league. This is a lot. If you're gonna do a points trade, I'm gonna ask you to please try to do your best to give their actual numbers, because I don't every points league grades guys out a little bit differently. I'm inclined to lean towards the first side. The problem, of course because the first one could also be DeJontay. No. Because they say D'Jontay in the second one. So it's gotta be right. Murphy would be Trey Murphy, not Murray. So, Trey Murphy is obviously the lowest ranked guy in this group. D'Jontay, Kyrie, DeRozan, Miles Bridges, those guys are all very good. Kyrie, the best in that group. But I don't see how anybody gets anywhere near Giannis in this group. And then Sabonis in points leagues is also kind of a wrecking ball. So I think you gotta take the side with the individual best player, which for a points league is gonna be Giannis. You, yes, you lose some depth because Trey Murphy might end up being droppable in a 10 team points league, but you could probably replace him because, again, it's a 10 teamer. Miles Bridges is a candidate to get traded. Dejounte Murray is a candidate to get traded. Kyrie and DeRozan are gonna be very good, so you don't really worry that much about those guys. But, again, I would lean towards the front end of this one because mostly mostly because of Giannis. Next trade. Ezekiel says, I traded my Jrue Holiday and Jabari Smith Junior for Scottie Barnes. Yeah. I mean, this one's a pretty easy one. Scottie Barnes is the play there. Drew and Jabari are nowhere near his ranking. Barnes is, number 15. Yes. He's been falling, not steadily so much, but kind of very slowly coming down the board. But even at that pace, he's still and I think I said, like, a month ago that I thought he'd probably still have a pretty good shot to finish inside the 2nd round, and I I'm not moving off of that yet. But, like, you know, Drew Holiday is where? Seventies right now? Eighties? Jabari Smith junior, I think, is worse than that. He had a hot run. Now he's yeah. He's back in the eighties again. Drew Holiday's in the seventies. This is a no brainer. This one isn't even remotely close to fair. I wouldn't veto it if I'm a commissioner because, technically, Drew and Jabari are, like, reasonable players to give up in a trade, but this is awfully close to a vetoable trade even though I don't believe in that just because of how unbelievably one-sided this is. Like, you even a bad fantasy manager can go trade Scottie Barn. Oh, I need depth. Okay. Fine. You can go get, like, a pair of fifties for Scottie Barnes. You should be able to go, like, you know, Alpern Shangoon and, Jalen Williams or something like that. You'd be able to get 2 very good players for Barnes. Technically, you should be able to even get more than that. But taking 2 guys in the seventies eighties, that's a foolish trade from the guy giving up Scottie Barnes. And, hopefully, he's not watching his pot, Ezekiel, because he'll probably try to pull that one off the board. Are there more things getting posted? Oh, yeah. Lots of trades are coming in. Okay. Great job, guys. So I can start to move a little bit faster now. I overpaid a bit for Kawhi in one league. Kyrie and Kobe White for Kawhi, but I had too many point guards and had Zach LaVine coming back on IL. Kobe White was my worst player. Yeah. That is an overpay, because, Kawhi and Kyrie are very, very close in overall value. Kawhi is number 6, Kyrie is number 10, and Kyrie's been pretty consistently flying up boards. In fact, he's been ahead of Kawhi over the last month, basically, since Kyrie came back from his foot injury. He's scoring over his head right now because Luka's out. And, yes, they'll probably flip, but Kobe y was a lot to give up for that little adjustment in first round value. I don't mind switching Kyrie and Kawhi if you really needed to. I I just I feel like that's almost a trade that you could do as a one for 1. Throwing in Kobe, I would probably have tried to do Kobe White plus, like, a, like, a 30 or 40 range guy for someone in the twenties. That's your kicker there. And I get it. You know, it's it's better to have number 6 than number 10 or, you know, whatever the hell I just said we were at with those 2 guys. But that's really close, and both guys are a risk. So it's not like you're getting off of the risk side of things. Little bit of an overpay here. Traded Keontae George and Isaiah Hartenstein for Emanuel Quickley in a dynasty league. Yeah. I'm good with that. You know, it feels like Emanuel Quickley is probably gonna get himself a new deal in Toronto. I I'd assume that's the reason that they traded for him, and he'll be someone that they build around a little bit. And Hartenstein will eventually go back to being behind Mitchell Robinson. So you're really, like you're asking yourself how good does Kente George get, and how quickly does he get there? I don't mind. Like, you know what you've got with Quickley. It's not like he's an old dude, so, Quickley should be good for a while. Yet, I'm I'm good with this one. I like it. Okay. Here's one with a points question, and they did put the numbers there. Do I trade Devin Booker at 47 and Kobe White, 33, for Jimmy Butler, 36, Deandre Ayton, 31, and Jordan Poole, 27, in an ESPN points format? You don't. Devin Booker is running away as the number one player in that deal. You generally wanna keep the number one guy. Booker plus White here is about 80. The other side, you're at, like, around 90. I'm rounding a little bit. But that's 3 players. Meaning, can you find someone on the waiver wire who's, like, a 12 and then break even? And the answer is probably yes. So, no, you're keeping the Booker side. Aidan is gonna be a shutdown candidate. Poole is a shutdown candidate. Butler's not. Jimmy, yes. He's a little bit of a by low here, but I don't know that in a points league, he gets as high as Booker. So, no, you keep Booker. You keep Kobe White. This is going alright so far, isn't it? I thought so. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe you guys disagree. Stelios Stelios, I traded Demonas Sabonis and Malcolm Brogdon for Brook Lopez and Trey Murphy. Free throw percent and lack of defensive stats were killing me. I mean, I get it. So on a just a strict rank standpoint, Malcolm Brogdon is is a throwaway. He's probably not gonna do very much the rest of the way. And from strictly a rank standpoint, Brook Lopez and De Montecito are almost in a dead heat. Brollo's number 33. His his value obviously being, a buttressed by blocks. Dimoniss opponents is number 36. His value being buttressed by rebounds and assists and field goal percent. I think Damon Sabonis is your best player in that deal, much as I love Brook Lopez. And you guys know I'll always have a soft place in my heart for Brollo. I think he probably gave up too much here. I think Sabonis could get you, a lot, especially with his, the big big triple doubles he's been putting up lately. If you really wanted to go for a few more defensive stats, you can look at some other guys around there. Like, you probably could've gotten De'Aaron Fox For Sabonis, they're ranked neck and neck, and you get a defensive stat bump. I don't know that I would go for Jalen Johnson, because you could probably even aim higher than that. Kristoff Porzingis would be someone you could probably aim for with Sabonis, get you those defensive stats. I just I I think you could have aimed higher than Brook Lopez here. So not a huge fan of this one. Steph Curry and Tobias Harris for Vooch and Scottie Barnes. This is a fair trade. This is a fair trade. I think Steph is a buy low right now, so I probably lean in that direction if only because, you know, Scottie Barnes having the best season of his entire life. He's number 15. Steph is having one of the worst stretches of his life. He's number 22. That that's gonna flip probably over the next few weeks. I think Draymond coming back might even be the catalyst for Steph waking back up again. The, Vooch for Tobias' side is basically a dead heat. Tobias is number 54. Vooch is number 56. They are break even. I don't know that either of those guys changes who they are all that much over the next couple of weeks. So, basically, this is a take them out of it, frankly. And you're saying Steph or Scottie Barnes. And I say, give me Steph. I think this is a nice buy low. Also, this is what it looks like when a comment comes in from the x side. There's, like, a little Twitter logo next to their name. Okay. That's interesting. Wolf says, I've got 2 I made. Alright, Wolf. Let's see what they are. Desmond Bane and Kobe White for Anthony. Well, Desmond Bane is out for 2 months. So, obviously, the Anthony Edwards side is a big winner in this one. If Desmond Bane was healthy, I think I might take the Desmond Bane side, but he's out until maybe we possibly never. And your other one, Wolf, Derek White and Jeremy Grant and got Darius Garland at the at the start of the season. So, obviously, we didn't know that Garland was gonna have a busted jaw and miss, you know, a month and a half, 2 months. You know, the start of the year, this seemed like a pretty good trade, actually. Right now, obviously, it doesn't. Let's say Garland comes back healthy. It like, I get it. You want the scoring. You want the point guard stuff. Derrick White's number 20 7 right now. He's fallen off a little bit after a really hot stretch. And the the amazing thing about White is what he does for a roto team. He's just been solid at basically everything. Darius Garland is gonna hurt you in in turnovers. He's gonna hurt you generally in field goal percent. He's not gonna rebound all that much. He's not gonna block shots the way that Derrick White does from that guard position. I don't mind it if all these guys are healthy, especially because kind of Jeremy Grant, is about to fade. You can see Portland is is going into, you know, bailing water out of the ship mode these days. Derrick White on his his insane hot run probably could have gotten you Garland all by himself. The White Grant side is technically more powerful, Hill. I'm not as high on Darius Garland as your average fantasy analyst, so I think you could even potentially go higher with those 2 guys. The problem, of course, is that the world isn't gonna see Derek White for what he's worth. So he's always gonna be a difficult guy to include in trades because whoever has him on their fantasy team is gonna be the the the manager who values him the most. Because you're watching him do his stuff every single night and going, holy crap. This guy's amazing. And everybody else is, like, not that excited by 15 points, but they're not paying attention to all that other good stuff. Oh, there's a lot of questions now. Whoops. Maybe I should go a little faster. You know what? I also hadn't decided was how long I wanted this show to go on. Oopsies. Maybe I should have thought this through. Anyway, we're having fun, so this feels like another good opportunity to remind everybody to please take a moment to find me over on social at danbesper, especially if you're watching on social right now. That's a great way to just, like, click over and click the follow button. Also, check out our buddies over atmanscaped.com. I think they actually sent me some stuff that I was supposed to read in January, but I'm very bad at reading the copy they send. Mostly because I just really like their product. And it feels like I should just say that to you. MANSCAPED makes a great product, and you can get it for 20% off and free shipping with our promo code, ethos 20. Ethos20 atmanscaped.com. Get yourself a lawnmower. Get yourself a handyman. Get yourself the shears. Use them on my nail earlier. You guys can see my dumb toe thumbs here on the screen, but the nail looks good. Right? See? Thumb looks stupid, but the nail looked great. I still haven't shaved my face after this brutal stretch of child illnesses and, you know, vacation days as I'm gonna fluff my beard out here live on air, and you guys can watch Dan go full, like, living under a bridge mode on the podcast. Alright. Let's get back to the stuff here. Joseph says, in November, I traded Jokic and DeMar DeRozan for Halliburton and Victor Wembanyama. Oh, that is that is a saucy trade. Well, Jokic is number 3. Halliburton's number 5. There's not that much separating them this year. And Wembley's been, a lot better than DeMar. I like DeMar DeRozan. You guys know that. He's number 44. He's worked his way up into the forties from the sixties just the way we knew he would. But Victor's number 14. Despite the minutes limit, despite the days off, despite all the things working against him, wouldn't be still a second round value this year. And so that's the winning side in this trade. Well done, Joseph Kim. Gaz says I Cade Cunningham, Trace Jackson Davis for Dante DiVincenzo and R. J. Barrett, and it got vetoed. Yeah. I mean okay. So look. I'm not a fan of vetoes. I'll say it again. I think they're dumb in general. But Dante Di Vincenzo and RJ Barrett are are kinda garbage heap players, and Cade Cunningham is a, like he was rolling top 50 prior to his injury. And I know he got off to an a horrible start this year, and he's not gonna be a number 25 guy the way that some folks were drafting him. But he's the only guy out of all these names that has any legitimate fantasy value, so I can understand why that one got vetoed. This is a pretty one-sided trade. As a commissioner, I wouldn't veto it because, like, you just sorta can't unless you can prove collusion, but this kinda looks like collusion. Jjj, trade him? What do we get? Sorry, Yo Yo. You are not following the rules of today's show. I need legitimate trades on here. You don't get to just ask me who to trade it for. I say this, of course, tongue in cheek. You know, throw that in the comment section if you really want to. Whatever. Maybe I'll get around to it. But I'm great in trades today, baby. Ivy for Cam Johnson. Punt field goal and punt turnover team. Okay. Well, that changes things quite a lot. If you're not punting anything, it's Cam Johnson in a landslide. If you're punting field goal and turnover, it brings them pretty close together. I probably still like Cam Johnson despite it, because right now, obviously, Ivy's running big, because Cade is out. And Detroit actually just won their ballgame while we've been talking live on air. I think it ended, or it's got, like, 30 seconds left. But Jaden Ivey, yeah, 247 and 6, and he actually had a good field goal percent here, but 5 turnovers missed a bunch of free throws. Like, that's the Jaden Ivey story. Great popcorn numbers, and you're just praying you're praying that he doesn't destroy you in the other stuff. So difficult play in category leagues, especially when Cade comes back. But, you know, points leagues or in your particular punt, I get it. I get it. So, most formats, I would say Cam Johnson. But, again, given your specific punts here, you probably can go to the Ivy side. Is it time to panic about jjj? These are not the questions we're answering on today's shows, my friend. We are talking trades exclusively. Jordan says, Pirtle for Grayson Allen. I still prefer Pirtle. I like I like Allen. I think he's doing good stuff. I just think what Pirtle does is a little harder to find out there. Devin Vassell for Franz Wagner. Give me the France side. I mostly don't trust what the spurs are doing day to day. Vassell went on a hot run. Now he's cooled off a little bit, so on and so forth. A lot of you have come in here and dropped your damn trades into the chat room, and then you abandoned ship. I that's that's not cool. Come back. You have to sit through this nonsense. Shangoan and Zach LaVine for Trae Young and Jordan Poole. Well, I've I was super down on Jordan Poole this year, so I thought Shangoan was being pretty accurately drafted around 55. He's beating that by a little. LaVine, I thought, was being pretty accurately drafted also near 50. He's been a little behind that. Trae, I thought was getting overdrafted in the teens, but that's again more of, like, a head to head build kinda guy. So I get it. In November, you mostly were, like, look, I'll give you Shango and LaVine, you give me Trae Young effectively. And if Poole is anything at all, then terrific. Now we're looking at it sort of in hindsight, and the Shango and LaVine side seems like the, the winning formula there. Although, Trey's at 28, so he's had a pretty good year by all accounts. Shangun's 50. LaVine is 64. Pool is nothing. Yeah. I guess it's pretty fair. Shango and LaVine for Trey. That's basically fair. Jimmy Butler for and Kyle Kuzma for Paul George. Yeah. I'll go I'll go the Paul George side in that one. We've talked a little bit about Butler already. You know, PG has been rolling along, and Kuzma is more of a points league kinda option. So I'm good with that. Emmanuel Quickley and Jaime Haquez junior for Deandre Ayton. Yeah. Ayton and the Blazers scare the living piss out of me. I think I might take the Quickley side. If Ayton comes back and plays, he's probably the best per game guy in this bunch. But I'm genuinely worried now about what the Blazers are dealing with, and and Ayton's missed a bunch of games with this knee thing. I think Quickley probably sits in the, like, 60 to 75 range, and I don't know what heck let's just call, like, has nothing once Butler comes back. So it's fake let's just call this quickly for Ayton. It's probably Ayton, if only because you're in a 10 teamer. So you're just trying to squeeze whatever the best per game numbers are out, if you can. Gafford for Derrick White is the 1st trade. That's a fair one. I'm good with that, either side. No no huge winners there. And, Capela for and Bruce Brown for Vooch. Yeah. I think I like Vooch in the second one, because it feels like Capela is a big risk to get traded. They're ranked pretty close right now. Vooch is 56. Capella is, 71. And Capella, I think, probably trends down the rest of the way. So, yeah, give me the give me the Vooch side. And then, again, the first one is is pretty fair. Ezekiel, you're saying you missed your trade? Let me this is all gonna be recorded. You can go rewind, and you'll get it. Don't worry, bud. Traded to Hartenstein, McHale Bridges, and Michael Porter Junior for Dimon Acebonas, Freddy VanVleet, and Trey Murphy. Yeah. That's a win. McHale is a buy low. Yes. But he's not gonna get as high as some of the other guys here. I think for Bridges, it was always the plan this year was to get a guy. You draft him at, like, 22 with the hope that he's, like, between 30 40 per game, but extremely durable. And you got the durability, but you didn't get the per game numbers with him so far. And, yeah, he probably does come back. But, like, Hardenstein, he's been great, but he's not gonna get as high as Sabonis in Freddy. Same story for Michael Porter junior. So give me Demontis, give me Freddy VanVleet. Those guys are probably your 2 best per game producers in this group. And, so I'll lean to that side. Here's another one from Wolf. Sent Derek White at a sell high, and Jeremy oh, okay. So this is back to the Darius Garland one. Yeah. So we're talking about points leagues instead of category. Alright. I guess I get that. Darius Garland does get a a points league bounce. Category league, I still prefer, I think, the Derek Whiteside. Points leagues, I'm okay with it. Although, it's tough here, if Derek Garland is out for a little bit longer. Let's jump to this one. Valentiunas for Middleton, because I felt Middleton has a higher upside, and Nance would impact. Valentiunas had a way to a while, but I feel better a little bit better about it now. Yeah. So Larry Nance being healthy has impacted Jonas Valentiunas. There's sort of no way to sugarcoat that. JV has slowed considerably of late. He's having a quiet ballgame right now. I think that one actually ended, and he's he's cooled. You know? That that's the truth of it, but it's not that much. It's not like an overwhelming drop off. The big issue is that you've seen the minutes a little bit less locked in. He was at, you know, starters minutes before Nance came back, and now he's at starter sometimes, but sometimes 23, 26. It's bounced around. It's been, like, between 20 30 instead of between 25 35. And that's that is notable. I still think JV is gonna be perfectly fine the rest of the season as we go. I don't think there's that there's any reason to really panic on all of this stuff. But as far as this particular trade goes, yeah, Middleton's been kinda trending the right way. And if we think JV drops from top 50 to maybe more like top 75 to top 80, 85, something like that, then are they kind of, like, 2 ships passing in the night? What's Middleton been the last month, I guess, is the question here. I haven't even looked. 78. So, yeah, I mean, he and JV are almost deadlocked over the last month, so this is fine. I just I feel like you probably coulda gotten more for JV. That's the only thing I would say looking back on it. Kevin Rand and Devin to sell for Jaylen Johnson and Tyrese Maxey. I think I'd prefer the Durant side. I I love Jaylen Johnson, and I love Tyrese Maxey, but KD is sort of your big performer there. And I also feel like Maxey was probably gonna come down a little bit off the the insane start he had. So slightly into the KD side. Yeah. That's the thoughts on that one. Jalen Duran for Immanuel Quickley, 8 cat. It's probably Quickley because it's 8 cat over 9, but it's so close, and I love Duran's fantasy game more. I just I don't know. There's something fun about his the way he destroys people. Yet, almost a 2020 game today while we're talking about him, I just I I think Duran has this insane ceiling when he can actually keep his ankles healthy. So, personally, I would probably take Duran even if, like, you're looking at the ranks at the end of the year, and IQ is, like, number 60, Endurance number 66 or something like that. So for me, I'll probably go Duran just by a hair even even if it doesn't necessarily match the numbers. What's the least you'd trade away Hartenstein for? Let's save that for another show since it's not a specific trade question. Jalen Suggs for Onyeka Okonwu points league. I'm gonna go Okonwu here because I have, I I feel like Atlanta has a chance to blow it up, and you're gonna want that Okonwu run at the end of the season if that happens. Roger, that says, here's a big one for you. Embiid, Vassell, Tyus Jones, and Cam Johnson for James Harden, Karl Anthony Towns, Kelvin Johnson, and Sadik Bey, points league. So look, I don't even really need to think twice about this. Joel Embiid side, I almost don't even care what else is going on. I know Harden and Kat are, your number 2 and number 3 guys of the players in this deal. And, you know, Tyus Jones and Cam Johnson could dry up and be nothing in a points league. But if you can get your hands on Joel Embiid in a points format, I just feel almost feel like you have to do everything you can to do it. Because he can do so much by himself that you almost he can almost win you weeks if he goes particularly gigantic in a way that nobody else in this group is gonna do. We're over a half an hour now, and there's a lot you guys are staying, like, 10 to 15 questions ahead of me here. I'm gonna try to go a little faster and catch up, and I'd like to try to have this done in about the 40 minute mark. But it did work, so that's fun. The show format worked. I don't know how many of you actually liked it. If you liked it, please make sure you're liking the show, you know, liking on Twitter, leaving feedback, all that good stuff. So then it sorta hits the algorithm, and then I'll find time to try to do more of them. That's the way you gotta you gotta show it outwardly. I need Optics likes. We need Optics likes. Otherwise, the shows don't do enough damage, and we gotta get new subs out of it and all that good stuff. 9 Cat Roto punting points. Jokic and Tyrese Maxey for Trae Young and Anthony Davis. Yeah. I think that's the Jokic side for me. I love AD, but, you know, Jokic is ahead of AD. Maxey is ahead of Trae Young. I don't this one feels fairly straightforward in my eyes. Special and, yeah, I mean, punting points in particular. Like, what yeah. Okay. Joel Embiid for Dimonis Sabonis? Yeah. No. That's I mean, it's Embiid by in a landslide. Ryan Pepio, Johnny De Luca for Tyler Glassnow, and Manny Margot. This is a question involving current and former dodgers, and it's a baseball question. And you're being silly, but save this for Joe Orico. In fact, don't throw it at him right now. He just has a he just had a show posted too. You you silly customer. Go dodgers. Quick, wait. We got this one already. I got you, Juan. Don't worry. I saw it before. Franz Wagner for McHale Bridges. And Aaron McHale Bridges and Aaron Nesmith? Okay. Yes. I like the Bridges side, because I think he still has a chance to pass Franz in overall value, and then you sorta get Nesmith as a bonus there. So I like the Bridges side. Someone posted just the format, but not the actual trade here. CJ McCollum, Nick Claxton, Isaiah Hartenstein for Trae Young, Derek Lively, and Deandre Ayton. Let's see here. Yeah. I mean, this one, I think, is relatively fair. I don't know that either side is running away with it. I'd I think I'd rather have Hartenstein and Claxton over Lively and Ayton, And then I'd probably rather have Trae Young over CJ McCollum. So it basically balances out. That's fine. No no obvious runaway winners here. JJJ for Jared Allen. Yeah. I'm fine with it. You know, you're getting a good center back. Doesn't have the same upside as jjj, but he also doesn't have the shutdown potential. Would you rather trade Duran or Ayton for Emmanuel Quickley? I'd rather trade Deandre Ayton. I've lost my trust in the Portland Trail Blazers. I sent off offers to trade away LaMelo to acquire Jalen Brunson. Is this a win for me in Roto? I think you could potentially aim higher, because LaMelo just came back, and he's putting up these massive popcorn lines. So no. Not a win there. I'd rather have LaMelo, I think. Should I trade Wendell Carter Junior and Vince Williams for Jalen Green in a 20 team points league? Yeah. I think points leagues, you do it. Jjj for shangoon? Yeah. Go ahead. Take the guy who's not shutdown risk. I was offered SGA and Kat for Embiid and Wagner. Yeah. Give me the Shea side. Because Kat is so much better than Franz Wagner, and then SGA and Embiid are basically neck and neck at the top of the board. The if it blows up your team build, then you have to think twice about it, but I don't think it does. Lowry Markkanen and Terry Rozier for Damon Hartenstein. Pretty fair, actually. Pretty fair deal. Think the market inside wins by a little bit, because Lowry's been so good and showing no signs of slowing down. So you say, alright. Like, a top 15 guy and and Rozier. The the issue is, does Mitchell Robinson comes back? Does Terry Rozier get traded? If either one of those things happens, it could flip this particular trade. For that reason, maybe you go dame and assume that he's gonna be gone full tilt at the end of the year, but I don't think that there's an obvious winner or loser here. We had a yellow mamba, now we got a brown mamba. We're on all the the rainbow mamba in this chat. McHale Bridges and Aaron Neesmith for Franz Wagner. Didn't this happen before? Is this under a burner account now? I think we did this one. I like the McHale side. Would you try to trade Jalen Green if possible? I would just not have had him to begin with. He's not a 9 category guy. Points, leagues, whatever, like, float through. RJ Barrett, number 2. 1 RJ Barrett with right handed, have Jalen Green. Brunson and Tyus Jones for Wembley and Michael Porter junior. Yeah. That's the Wembley side. And then this is looks like I caught up. Oh, wait. No. There's, there's a question after this, but it's not sort of in the spirit of the show. Maybe I'll do it just to do one more. Jaren Jackson and Alperin Shangoon for Kawhi and Gobert. It's a 10 team dynasty category league. I would keep Davis and Mobley and Kawhi. Yeah. I mean, I think you gotta do it. Nobody on this board is getting anywhere near Kawhi's per game potential. The problem, of course, is that he's also the old goat here. You know, j j j, Shingun, these guys are young. They're on the up. Kawhi and Gobert are the old guys. So this is a win now move. Your team is gonna be pretty old. You know, you're talking just a few more seasons where you're gonna have the big stuff you want out of these guys. I'm a win now. I play win now. Basically, any anytime I'm doing anything, I I I don't do a ton of dynasties specifically because I don't really wanna just put money into a coffer to plan for 4 years down the road. That's not fun to me for me. I want a chance to win every year. But thinking about it from this standpoint, yeah. I mean, you're I'm a guy who's gonna tell you to make to take the win now move. I think you probably have this year probably 2 more really, really good years out of Kauai, then you start to see some more additional drop off. So if you could win your league this year, next year, something like that, you do it, because j j j, Shingo, and those guys are not catching Kawhi on a per game side. What's a sell high I can get for Kyrie and Jared Allen, basically, because of their playoff schedules? Oh, well, I mean, Kyrie should be able to get you pretty much anybody you want inside the top 20, but maybe not as high as, like, the top 8. So target someone between 820, and, hope that they don't notice the playoff issue. Now if they do notice the playoff schedule, if you're trying to get somebody back who say has 3 or 4 games on that week, well, you look at it from this standpoint. Kyrie, what's the whole playoff schedule? Not just the 1 week that you're looking at. Can you increase the playoff games by enough to offset the totals that you're gonna run? So take Kyrie and say, look. If he's like a 244 for you or something like that, multiply his per game production by 10, and go find a target and say, alright. Am I gonna get enough out of this other guy in, say, 11 games? Is it worth it? One extra game over these 3 weeks, 2 extra games over these 3 weeks. Is that worth it? How far down the board am I willing to go? Number 25? 30? I don't think I'd go down that far. Your regular season still has at least another month left to it, probably more. So I don't think I would take anything back that's worse than, like, pick 25 for Kyrie because he's number 9 right now, people. He's churning and burning, man. He's number 9, and he's coming off another big ball game earlier today. 42, 7, and 7 beat the Pelicans. He and Tim Hardaway did it basically by themselves. You know? So don't sell too cheap. This is Kyrie Irving we're talking about. He is absolutely obliterating people. How are we here? Are we basically done? We're basically done. Are we expecting a shutdown with Rozier? No. I'm expecting him get he gets moved, Ontario Rozier. Here's a question. Let's get one for the road. McHale Bridges for Chet or Beal for Porzingis. There's no way you're gonna get Chet Holmgren from McHale Bridges right now, and there's no way you're gonna get Porzingis for Bradley Beal. These are just not gonna happen. The Chet side and the Porzingis side win these trades by such an absurd. I mean, like, you could go McHale and Beal and try to get one of those 2 guys. That might get you close, and even that might still not be enough. So AB, whoever you are, you're gonna have to come up with a way better deal. Deal. These they're like this isn't even in the ballpark affair. Chet's a top 20 player this year. Miguel Bridges is what? Seventies, eighties right now? It's been a rough year for him. I know he got drafted high, but we gotta look at what guys are doing. KD and Vassell for Kawhi and Freddie VanVleet, points league. Pretty fair. I think I like the Kawhi, Freddie side, but pretty fair. Okay. That'll wrap it up in 42 minutes. Thank you, everybody. You guys did a great job of bringing the questions, bringing the heat. If you guys liked it, again, please make sure to show you liked it in some way. Liking the YouTube, liking the Twitter feed, subscribing, retweeting, whatever you can do to help sort of boost it, because I'd like to try to do something like this again a few weeks down the line. But, again, if the show doesn't end up doing all that great, sort of as it blasts out into the community, then I can't justify the time spent. And that's unfortunately the way I gotta do everything right now is sort of what's the ROI on time invested. But it seems like a lot of you were here. A lot of you posted your questions and then maybe took off. You'll come back and watch them later. We graded out probably 30 or 40 trades on today's show, and that's pretty fun. I'm at Dan Vesperis over on social. I hope to see you guys over there. This is sportsethos.com presentation of Fantasy NBA Today. A bonus silly little fun side episode of the show, and I'll talk to you guys over on the Twitters until tomorrow when we recap the massive MLK Day slate. So on for now.