Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright, guys. This is, I believe, officially the last show of the run up season. We're going through some real draft results, 4 of them to be exact, 2 head to head teams that I built, and 2 roto teams I built. We'll see what we can take away from those. Also get the questions at the end of the show from folks hanging out in the chat room. I know a few of you will roll in, and I'll remind everybody that you can do that as we get a little deeper into the program. Welcome to the show. 1st and foremost, this is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. I am your host, Dan Bespirus. It is a pleasure, a distinct pleasure to have you along for what in my eyes has been the most rewarding draft season of episodes that I think I've ever done. Couple reasons why before we get into the nitty gritty on this, because I wanna do some thank yous at the beginning of this show. Reason number 1 is that this is the first time we've had a full complement of draft content on our YouTube page, and the response was really amazing. I didn't expect it to grow as fast as it did, over the last whatever it is. I guess it's about 2 months or so. Month of September, the YouTube page got about 38,000 views, which I know isn't all that insane. So far in October, it's already around 80,000. And this is a thing that I didn't even really start messing around with consistently until, like, November of last year. So to see it take off, to see, that we're now looking at a a a situation where, you know, YouTube is gonna be probably a 100000 views in a month, which I know not that much compared to, like, bigger cheese on YouTube. But you throw that on top of the, large numbers on the traditional podcast channels, and this is easily gonna be the biggest single month in the history of Fantasy NBA Today. And there's just not gonna be anything close when you sort of push everything together that we've done. So thank you for that. That's been absolutely incredible. I am thrilled. I am flattered. I am blown away. I don't wanna say I'm humbled because that that gets turned around a lot. I'm not humbled. I'm actually just happy about it. It's cool. Other reason that, this draft season's been so rewarding is that, I feel like I've kinda settled into a rhythm. I tried not to do too much extraneous stuff this year. You know, a lot of times I get pulled in about 55 different directions. I tried not to do that this season, so that made it a little bit easier on my brain. And now we gotta start to transition our minds to the next phase of things. Like, basically, as soon as this show is over, then it's time to get to the next stuff. So let's review, 4 real draft results that my team you'll get to see the names of my team. So I couldn't think of a better way to do this than just to scroll through a couple of web pages. So we'll go kinda low tech on this one. And, basically, the moment that this show ends, we switch to in season mode, which is heavily on social media, might I add. So if you're watching this show and you're not following over on Twitter, it's at Danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. We do a lot of stuff over there. As news breaks, I wanna try to get it to you as fast as humanly possible. Can't do that on a pod, unfortunately. You can get the deep dive stuff, and I definitely want you guys to keep watching and listening. It's a big part of what I'm doing here, but you can get stuff faster on social media. So definitely come hang out with me over there. And we'll have a show later on today with Derek Ball who does the week ahead piece at Sports Ethos. He is a master of assessing the week. What teams have good schedules, bad schedules, schedules on low traffic days, streaming options. We'll go through all that stuff in a second show later on today. And then starting tomorrow, we're basically a one show a day, program again. Unless I come up with some other idea and or a whole bunch of extra time, that's the way it's gonna be. But let's go ahead and dive in today. I wanna make sure that the folks that are watching with us can actually enjoy, let's see here. Where's the one that I wanted to go to? They can enjoy the draft results in real time. This is a I'm starting out with a Roto league here, so let's get the Roto league on the board. Again, I couldn't really think of a better way to do it than to just share my Yahoo draft results screen. So if you're on traditional pod channels and you're listening in and thinking, damn it. I'm missing something fun. You're not really. It's just a very small visual aid. My team, which is, very cleverly titled Public Roto 9th 2, because I like to label my teams by, what the setting is and what pick number I had. Because once you get into 7, 8, 9, 10 cash leagues, and they're all listed on that one big Yahoo board, you wanna be able to switch quickly to the one that you're thinking of. So for me, it's like, alright. I wanna sure I get to the roto league. I wanna make sure I get to the one where I started with Kevin Durant, then there's this one. Of course, if you do, like, 3 Yahoo, roto leagues and you get the 9th pick in 2 of them, it sort of blows up your ability to catalog or organize what your team's names are, but let's not worry about that. That's just something that happens to Dan. I got 9th pick repeatedly. I got 11th pick repeatedly this year. And then in a couple of leagues, I managed to squeeze out, like, a 1 or a 3, and that was, that was a nice little twist here. So this league and we're gonna go through my picks, basically, and and how that all shook out. This was one of the weirdest drafts that I've ever been a part of. I know people are like, oh, those Yahoo public prize leagues, they're just a bunch of jokers. They're often not. But this particular one, I don't know what it was about this specific $50 road only. God, it's not a big one. The people were just so strange. There were so many big swings getting taken in this one that it left the board in such a wild way for me that I couldn't believe it. So let me just list off the picks, and we'll go through them, with some general thoughts kind of on each team as we go through all 4. I had the 9th pick in this one, so you guys can do the math along with me, or I'll just announce it. 9th, I took Kevin Durant, for Roto. I think he's just a a fantastic way to start your team. I know that there's gonna be fears about rest days, and maybe those are legitimate. Although, historically, we've seen that when Kevin Durant is healthy, he insists on playing for better or worse. Let's just hope he doesn't have the one big, you know, sprained MCL that cost him 7 or 8 weeks, and I think we'll get a much better number this year. But, again, from a roto standpoint, there are very few players in the NBA who have a more roto friendly game than Durant. The only category where he is subaverage against the league is steals at 0.7 last year instead of, you know, one would get him to about league average. He is a significant boost in blocks at 1.4 from your forward position. He is one of the best percentages guys in the NBA. And in fact, I think if you, look at both percentages and assess them together, I believe he is the best percentages player in the NBA. His assists were at 5 last season. There's no reason to think those don't come, stay relatively constant on a team with 2 very good scores. Rebounds will stay somewhat constant, especially with, Deandre Ayton gone. So Durant's remotes might even go up depending on what you think Nurk does. 2 threes, maybe that comes down a little 29 points. Maybe that down a little as well, but just amazing across the board, and so a really nice way to start, your roto team. I went Kyrie Irving at 16, and you guys will notice that, Kyrie Irving is probably the guy who ended up on the largest number of my Fantasy teams, and I'm honestly okay with that. You know, the dude's a little bit of a of a clown at times, and he's in and out of lineups for all sorts of goofball reasons. But from a fantasy standpoint, getting him at 16 or deeper, which I think you'll probably see in some upcoming drafts, is a damn steal. He was number 9 on a per game basis last year, largely playing alongside a Kevin Durant or a Luka Doncic. He was a top 10 player alongside Luka down the stretch. And Luka's dealing with a calf issue that's been going on for months and isn't just going to magically go away. So I'd expect him to miss 15 to 20 games. And even if Kyrie misses 15 to 20 himself, the per game numbers are gonna be so good. They'll counterweight whatever you lose in his, you know, 18 missed games this year. And Kyrie, like Durant, is very close to a positive impact guy in almost every category too, especially from a point guard slot where he is eligible, point guard shooting guard. He's a positive field goal percent guy. Great free throw shooter. Steals, good. Blocks, very good for a guard at point 8. Assists are fine. And if you pair that together, I've got this sort of, like, kind of okay start to assist. My team's a little low on rebounding, but good threes, 5 between those, good scoring between those two guys. Like, from a roto standpoint, you couldn't ask for a much better well rounded start. And this is when things got crazy because, you know, you got the 9th pick, so I'm coming up at number 33 in the 3rd round. I didn't think there was any chance I was gonna get my late second round target, but I had to do it. Kawhi Leonard was still there at number 33. I've got 3 guys that are intense, intense injury situations. But I also if you look at, base like, how these guys played when they were healthy last year, Kevin Durant was number 4. 4. I don't know why I said it all weird. When he was healthy last year, then he got not healthy. And Kawhi Leonard took his spot at number 4 in per game ranks. And Kyrie Irving was between 6 10 in per game ranks the entire damn season. I have my top 3 guys are all possible top 7 per game fantasy producers. I don't even care that there's a significant amount of overlap in what they're good at, because I still don't have a an assists maven. I still don't have a great rebounder, but my team is beastly in field goal percent, free throw percent, steals, scoring, threes are good, assists are decent without a point guard so far. Turnovers are weirdly low considering I have 3 really, really, really good Fantasy players. And now all I gotta do is fill around the gaps as I figured. And then it got back to me at number 40, and another one of my early 3rd round targets was still there in Freddy VanVleet, who I realize doesn't really fit this team all that well. But I wanna point out again, the second half of last year. I know that VanVleet going to Houston is not gonna be the same as VanVleet in Toronto, but the second half of last season, Freddie VanVleet was number 12 on a per game basis despite shooting 40 a half percent from the field. And, look, I don't actually care that his field goal percent stinks because my other guards and wings that I've drafted so far have unbelievably high field goal percent and can more than handle whatever Van Vliet was bringing their way. The blend of Kevin Durant and Kyrie or, Kevin Durant and Kawhi takes care of Van Bleyen. So now I've got call it an average field goal percent team still without a big man. Now I took care of assists. My steals are through the roof. My threes are in good shape. My free throw percentage is nearly untouchable. And I thought, alright. Look. I'll take a big man in my next slot. That'll take care of the rest of the stuff. And then lo and behold, at pick number 57, James Harden was still on the damn board. And I know that he's in a state of purgatory right now trying to get traded, and I know that means we might miss a few weeks of Harden at the beginning of the year. But wherever he goes, he's going to be a big time assists guy, and he has good defensive stats. And he's gonna score, and he's gonna hit threes. And now my free throw percent is ridiculous in this league, and the only thing I don't have is a big man. And so all of a sudden now, I'm looking at this team, like, look, this team's not that great at block shots. Kevin Durant is fine. Kyrie actually decent from a guard spot. Kawhi gets you a half. Freddie VanVleet gets you a half. Harden gets you a half. All of my guards are actually pretty good at shot blocking, but I don't have a big man yet. So that's a problem. Surely, in the 6th round, I'm gonna take a big, and that was where I was sitting until Bradley Beal was still on the board at 64, and I couldn't not do it. So now my team has some problems. Beal, good percentages guy again, kinda doubling up a little bit on what some of the other guys do on this club, but I could not pass him over there. At this point, my team is be is just an absolute monster in scoring. Threes are pretty good. I know Beal doesn't take that many and neither does Durant, but and neither does Kawhi. But, like, between a lot of them, you're getting, you know, 1 and change, 2, and then Kyrie Vanbleeding Harden are taking care of the rest. Steals are great. Assists are great. Free throw percent is insane. I need rebounds. I need field goal percent again a little bit, and then block shots would also be helpful. So sure enough, in the 7th 8th round, I just took back to back bigs. I went Mark Williams and Clint Capela. Nothing fancy there. Now my team, has the big men stats that they were lacking before, and now I can pretty much take who I want down the stretch of this draft. I went John Collins at 105, De'Anthony Melton at 112, Trey Murphy at 129 is a stash because Yahoo leagues have 3 IL slots, and I figured why the hell not. I'm a little bit low on threes. B ball Paul, Paul Reed at 136 was still on the board and Kyle Lowry at 153 because in roto, you just take the 3 weeks of Kyle Lowry before his body falls apart, add a few assists at the end, whatever. Paul Reed gives me some hopefully big man stats, towards the end of the draft as well. The thing about Roto is you don't have to play all 13 of your guys. In Yahoo Leagues, the, game's cap is 82. So my last few picks are heavily guys, and I'm like, look. I need these guys to be good per game stuff. I want them to be filling in because inevitably my top 5 or 6 picks are going to miss some ball games. Bradley Beal, in fact, has already been ruled out for the season opener later on tonight. But I have a really, really well rounded team now. If Paul Reed gives any blocks at all, that category goes to being a strength all of a sudden. I actually think that if this this team has even a modicum of health, they just boat race the league. And so that was team 1. I do wanna share the next team if at all possible. Let's see here. What can I do next? How do I do this? YouTube, how do I do this? I think it was is that the one? I don't know which one is which. It's hard to tell which one is which. Sorry, everybody. I'll figure this out. You know what? Hang with me here. I know a good way to figure this out. If I scroll that down just a tiny bit, that can get that one out of the way. Okay. This is a way that I can figure this out. That was a head to head league. That'll be up there. Okay. We'll figure this out on the fly. So the other roto one, that's the one I wanted to share. Okay. Here we go. So the other roto league I wanted to share was the one where I had 3rd pick, and that was this one. There we go. Let's get that bad boy up on the screen so we got the visual aid. Sorry to those listening after the fact. This is the other Yahoo Roto League, I did. I was blessed with a 3rd pick, and, you know, you'll notice there are a couple of overlaps on this one as you look at the board. Do I have some regrets on this one? Yes. A little bit more than the one, but I do still think it's a pretty good team. So 3rd pick, I want Shea Gilgeous Alexander. Jokic and Embiid were off the board. I was debating between Shea, and Halliburton, and I thought, you know what? I'll go with the scoring early because I tend to have an issue with scoring later in draft. So I wanted to make sure I got the guy that was gonna put up the really big point totals. Figured I would, deal with assists as we worked our way through. But then it was time to start just taking guys that I liked the most. And so there again at 22 in this draft was Kyrie Irving, who in my eyes I mean, that's, like, you have to on the roto side. I get it. Per or, head to head, that can be a little bit difficult. But Kyrie Irving played 60 games last year, and by totals, he was still number 14. If he gets to 62, 63, 64 games played, he's an easy 1st rounder by totals as well. And so getting him at 22 was a a total no brainer. The pairing with Shai Gilgeous Alexander is a little bit unusual, but you do get good blocks and good percentages and good steals out of guards in this spot. Assists are probably a little bit low considering I have 2 guards on my team. Rebounds are fine. Both of these guys rebound, relatively well, actually, for the guard spot. Threes are a little bit low. That's because of Shea. So that's what's kinda going through my head after 2 picks. 3rd pick in this one, I went Kawhi again, and that's something you guys will see as a theme for me on the roto side. I don't mind the missed games. I want the guys that are gonna go full lunatic mode, on a per game side, and Kawhi is that. Again, I get boosts in steals. I have 3 guys that block shots relatively well for their positions. Rebounds are still low. Assists are still a little bit low, and that's the stuff that I'm starting to look at. Threes are not all that great either, but percentages are outstanding, and everything else is kinda taken care of. So now I'm thinking, alright. What do I need as we go forward? I need threes. I need boards. I need assists, and I probably need, like, some blocks from a big man. The boards and the blocks in my mind, I assume I can just take care of when I start to get big man. Now, again, I have good shot blocking guards and wings so far. Shay was 1. Kyrie was almost 1. Kawhi was point 7 once he got healthy. That's actually pretty good to have about 2.6 ish blocks out of those 3 guys. I'm averaging, you know, 0.8, 0.9 blocks per game, and I don't even have a big man on the board yet. So that's, to me, not a bigger issue. The assists, the threes, the the boards are the bigger issue right now. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. And so I took a little bit of a chance. I went James Harden again. 3 same three guys, although in the other one, I was able to squeeze Freddie Van Fleet in between them. I went Harden a little bit earlier, I think, than I normally would have wanted to, but he does take care of the assists and the threes part once he lands at some place. So I'm gonna need to make sure this team kinda stays afloat in those two categories until Harden comes back. But once he does, he takes care of that. James will bring down the field goal percent a little bit, but to me, it's not a big issue because Kawhi, Kyrie, and Shea are all very good in field goal percent out of guard spots. Once I start getting any big men on this team, that's gonna take care of itself. Harden's another guard who blocks some shots. So, I'm in this kinda weird in between. Like, Harden was half a block last year, on top of Shea, who was 1. Kawhi, once he got healthy, was 0.7. Kyrie was 0.8. So I'm at 3 blocks a game, out of those 4 guys. So 0.75, which is kind of enough to be league average to even tiny bit above league average in that category, and I am still without a big man. So what that allowed me to do coming back in the 5th round was to draft a big man who was more rebounds and field goal percent focused and less focused on blocks, and that was Deandre Ayton, who I took at 51. He was 56th is ranked last year. He's gonna get to do more in Portland than they did. He did in Phoenix. He's a big time positive in field goal percent. He's not gonna impact my field my free throw percent negatively. Not that it matters because I have Shay and James Harden on this team. So I have free throw percent to spare, but Ayton was also a 0.8 blocks per game guide that probably goes up to about 1 when you assume his minutes probably go from 30 to, like, 32 in Portland. He'll probably score close to 20 points. He'll probably get between 10 11 rebounds a game. He took care of some things that this team badly needed without punching any holes in the club. 6th round, Cam Johnson was still on the board at 70. He was not a guy that I thought I was gonna take there because I felt like Harden had taken care of the threes, but Cam gives a 3 pointers boost. Again, another. He's small forward, power forward eligible. Doesn't hurt field goal percent much while adding 3 pointers. So I'm keeping the percentages strong. He gives steals, which I didn't really need at this point, but I do know that I'm gonna need another big man. So I dealt with that on the way back, and I went Jacob Pirtle, who's finally now gonna put a negative into free throw percent. He was at 60% a game last year. But, honestly, between Shea and Harden and Kawhi and Kyrie, not to I mean, he didn't take as many, but Kyrie was a 90% of last year. My free throw percent was through the roof. I mean, my team was shooting, like, 88% of the foul line, so I have no problem with throwing Pirtle in the mix. He's not gonna he'll barely put a dent in this team that's still top of the bag in, free throw percent. And now I feel good about my field goal, my blocks, My rebounds are in better shape, and I can kinda go with who do I like the rest of the way. Team was good in everything now. At 94, I went Michael Porter junior mostly because I just think he beats that rank. I I don't know that he necessarily provided what my team needed here, but I don't care. You know, good percentages again. Threes scoring, some rebounds, not much defensive stats, but my d stats are fine. Jalen Duran at 99. I think he's a decent value there. Not again. I wasn't hunting what he was doing necessarily, but he was still on the 100. And I thought why the hell not? I'll get strong in rebounds now. I'll get strong in blocks. I'll get very strong in field goal percent. Yes. My free throw now is coming back towards the pack a little bit. But, again, like, the guys that on my team that are good at free throw are not just little bit good. They are maximum good. And then my guys down the stretch, I just you know, I took a few shots here. Mike Conley at 118. I think he sits around the top 100, and we'll give a little assists boost to a team that probably still needs a little bit in that department because Harden was the very good one, and he's gonna be out to start the year. Paul Reed at 123, I think, is always worth a late round flyer. Kobe White at 142 has a decent shot of being dropped in roto, but I went with him there and then Sadik Bay at 147. If he gets enough usage, which is a big maybe, then he could be sort of like a poor man's version of Cam Johnson. And then if they're both doing the same stuff, then perhaps I could move 1, and, and keep the other. So those are the 2 roto drafts so far and thoughts on them. Please do again mid show reminder to hit that thumbs up button and subscribe to the YouTube page. Subscribe to the traditional podcast feed, and please please please do take a second to find me over on social media at Dan Bespirus. We're gonna be starting to do so much stuff over there. If you thought I was doing a lot during the run up to the season, you are wrong. There is so much more that'll happen as the season goes, things like Beal being ruled out, Bojan Bogdanovic being ruled out for 4 weeks. You want that stuff, and you want me to tell you what it means quickly. The way we do that is over on the social media feed. I'll also let everybody know. Again, if you're watching live, because the last time I said this, there were, like, 4 of you, and now there are 30 something of you watching live as we go. That number always goes up. Use the chat room. Use the YouTube chat. If you got a good question, I'll answer it at the end of the show. That'll be part of our stuff every day throughout the season. Okay. Next thing is, let's get into the head to head results. Let's see which one do we wanna do first. Head to head I had an 11th pick and I had a first pick. Yeah, that's a fun one. Which one do we want to do first 11th pick or first pick? Let's go first pick because so far we've done, a 9th pick and a 3rd. I guess 11th and first, they're both things that you guys haven't seen before. Well, whatever. It doesn't matter. We're gonna we're gonna do the whichever one StreamYard decided to pull up. 1st pick. There we go. You guys will notice that this league is not a Yahoo public league. And so you actually get to see one of my team names, which is Richard Belding. And if anybody gets that reference immediately, I love you. If you don't, he was the principal on Saved by the Bell, and my team logo is very much a picture of Dennis Haskins' face. So this one, I went, I had the first pick. So, obviously, I went Nikola Jokic right out of the shoot. Let me move my face so it doesn't cover any of the picks there. Nikola Jokic was the first pick on this one. At that point, you're not making any critical life decisions on, you know, what you're doing with the rest of your team. I know when you have Jokic right out of the chute, there's an inclination to say, okay. What am I punting? And I don't think you can definitively decide that until after you see who's available to you at 24, 25. And so in this particular draft, Mikael Bridges was still on the board at 24. One of the things about Nikola Jokic well, one of the things about this particular league, this league only has 1 IL slot instead of 3. So you have to draft a little bit safer, and you'll notice that my picks are a little bit safer, in this one than in the roto leagues you just saw because they're just there isn't a place to stash dudes once they get hurt. The other thing is when you have Nikola Jokic in that first pick, you just don't screw it up after that. Your job is to not tank your team in your next 2 or 3 picks, and so that's also kinda where I was coming from with this one. So pick number 2, Mikael Bridges was still on the board at 24. Per game ranking, he probably is around 25 this year, but by totals, we know that he's a guy who plays. Nagging injuries don't tend to hurt him all that much. He plays through them, assuming we can skate through without any big time season ending stuff. Pairing Bridges with Jokic, I'm hoping I get a lot of guys that play a lot of games between those two dudes, and that's a really good way to start your league. Bridges also, one of the higher scoring players, available at the end of the 2nd round. You know, once he went to Brooklyn, he was a 25 plus per game guy. I think he was a 26 ish with the Nets, so that's good. A lot of the guys getting drafted at 24 are not that high unless you take a risk like someone like a, Kawhi Leonard. Yeah. He'll be 25 points, but is he gonna play? And this also answers the question of what am I punting with Jokic and kinda takes threes off the board. Because, you know, if Jimmy Butler was still there, I probably would have gone Butler. It was a little riskier, but a better per game guy than Bridges. But also doesn't it need threes? So if I if Butler was there, I probably end up punting threes. Bridges was there. So now I'm thinking probably I'm out on blocks. I don't have to be, but probably. Because after these two picks, I have a team that's okay in scoring. Not great because Jokic isn't a big scorer. My team is still very good in rebounds, good in assists because Jokic, good in steals because both those guys can do that, good in percentages, and very weak in blocks. To get a big man who doesn't block that much and then along with a wing who doesn't block all that much was Bridges, about half a block a game. Like, it's not completely cooked, but I don't really wanna blow up the things that I'm good at. So I go Desmond Bane in the next one, and I'm pretty high on Bane actually this year. Higher than most, by totals, by the way, down the stretch last year. He was number 18, and that was with Ja Morant around a fair amount. I just I think Bane has a shot to be inside the top 20 on a per game basis with no Ja Morant route for that first 25 games. I think he'll be inside the top 30 after that. So, again, I'll get some good scoring. Steals are okay. Threes is another boost. I continue to have good percentages by taking guards that are not bad in field goal percent. Rebounds and assists are fine if unspectacular now, putting a couple of guys that, you know, what was bridges down the stretch, 4 and a half boards and 2.7 assists. Those numbers are not all that blisteringly high, but he and Bane cover up any free throw issue that Jokic might have passed through. Field goal percent is still well above average, because of what Jokic does by himself. And so that's where I am after 3 picks. I think guys that are gonna be out there a lot. Pick 48, it got back to me. I had a few choices here. I figured I went Deandre Ayton. That's, again, you the 2nd league that I've gone with him in. He's not a dude that I'm necessarily targeting on a day to day basis, but he made a lot of sense for what this team is trying to do, which is a punt blocks big team, and Deandre Ayton is a big that doesn't block that many shots. Not that he's, like, completely anemic there, but it's definitely not one of his strong suits. Down the stretch, he blocked about a shot per game in Phoenix. Again, that's, I think, what you can expect out of him in Portland, but he's a big man that gives me rebounds, very strong field goal percent. I think I'll get some scoring out of him in a way that wasn't really a positive last year. And so now I address an issue. I get scoring out of a big man, and other teams taking big men almost from this point on are not getting scoring out of them. Unless you consider Zion a big, which I guess you can, Ayton is kind of the last big man who's expected to score around 20 points per game. That's it. Because after this, the big men that are going are, you know, guys like Mark Williams and Rudy Gobert and, Clay Capela and Onyeko Okonwu, and these guys are all good, but they're good because of other reasons. So I wanted to make sure that my scoring was gonna be good, and I figured I could get wing and guard scoring, still another 2 or 3 rounds after this. So I got my big scoring out of the way, so I didn't take the big hit on that that other teams are probably gonna take later in their drafts. But that also left me extremely weak again in 3 pointers, because I have 2 big men so far. So I went Zach LaVine at 49. I went with another wing who's good at percentages. My steals have now weakened a tad, so that's something that I'm gonna be looking at later in this draft, because LaVine is not a big steals guy. Bane is not a huge steals guy. Jokic is a good steals guy from the big man spot, and Bridges is as well, but those 2 guys are not gonna be able to carry it. I get good scoring again here. This helps shore up threes. Assists are starting to become a small issue for this team despite Nikola Jokic. So that's something that I have to be aware of as well. Not that, you know, Bain and LaVine, they'll get 4 to 5, something like that. I'm not dead in the water there, but it's gonna be something that I wanna address because I don't wanna lose assists when I start a team with Nikola Jokic. That feels like a little bit of a waste of a key advantage. However, when it got back to me at 72, I had a few choices here. I felt like threes was still something I wanted to deal with. Points was something I wanted to make sure that I was still strong at. So I went Klay Thompson and Markelle Fultz. So threes, big time threes in scoring out of 1. Some scoring, but good assists and steals out of the other. And I continue to have okay percentages, because I don't think Klay is gonna be a complete tank job there. Fultz is definitely not gonna be a tank job there. Fultz doesn't help free throws, but, all of my other guys, including my big men, are relatively strong in free throws, so that's still fine. I do feel like I want more steals, and I want more assists. And I felt like there was one spot where I I could possibly give up a little bit of juice, and that's why coming back to me at 96, I went Marcus Smart, who, again, I don't know that he necessarily beats this mark on a per per game rank. Probably does while Ja Morant is out once he comes back. I don't know. Smart's gonna be my first real mess in the field goal percent department, but you're probably gonna get 5 plus assists, maybe 6. You're gonna get big steals, more 3 pointers. I'm trying to shore up these things that I know Jokic is not as strong at, like, threes, and I think I've done that. And at this point, I'm starting to think, okay. Where are my problem spots? But, also, what do I need to make sure that I definitely win? Because this is a head to head league, and I feel like I can win assists most days with false, smart, and then big assists out of Jokic. I feel like I can win threes now with smart Klay Thompson, Zach LaVine, Bane, and McHale Bridges, but I wanna make sure that I lock in a few things. So field goal percent should be something I win when you start with Jokic. So I went Jalen Duran at 97. Also should lock in rebounds, Duran, Ayton, and Jokic, 3 guys that should probably all be 10 plus rebounds a game. Duran's free throw percent is a little bit of a concern, but I'm hoping that my team can handle it. That's kind of this, like, okay. If I don't win free throw percent, it's not the end of the world because I don't make sure that I have my 5. And now at this point, I'm going with picks that I think have some upside. So De'Anthony Melton is, I think, is an upside play. He fits this build. Zach Collins is an upside play that may or may not fit this build. Emanuel Quickley definitely fits this build as someone who, potentially could score, although the Knicks didn't extend him, so maybe that doesn't mean he's playing as much. If I have to turn him into a streaming slot, that's fine. Christian Wood, also kind of a a flyer play that probably gets punted, but, you know, big man who can space the floor a little bit, get some rebounds, get does some scoring. Those are things that I want out of my big guys. And then THT, the very last pick, could actually blow up this build. So, there's a a kind of a high probability that he ends up back on the waiver wire or as trade bait because he's bad at 2 things that I wanna win, which are the percentages. And, but still a 168, we saw him put up some pretty big numbers in the preseason. I thought that was sort of a a worthy risk to take. But the one thing that you wanna look at at the end of your head to head draft, and I was using our draft tracker at Ethos, excuse me, which I I turn off after the 10th round because, like, these are guys that might be on and off of your team, and so you're not necessarily getting the best the most accurate depiction. After the 10th round is complete, so right after d'Anthony Melton, because I had the last pick of 10th, you wanna check and make sure that your team is strong enough to reliably win 5 to 6 categories every week on the head to head side. And so at that point, I knew that my team was very good in steals because I had Melton, Smart, Fultz, and Bridges, and then Jokic out of the big man spot. And by the way, I think Jalen Duran averages close to a steal a game from the center spot. He showed himself to be pretty good steals big in, the second half last year once he started to get playing time. So I've been pretty sure I'm winning steals. I'm pretty sure I'm winning boards between Duran, Jokic, and Ayton. That's a pretty hefty trio in your first nine picks at 30 some odd rebounds per game out of those guys. And then, you know, you hope that Marcus Smart doesn't put too big of a hole in that. I feel pretty good about assists. Maybe not overwhelming, but Jokic with 10, Bain will get you 4 or 5 while Ja is out. Smart's gonna get probably 6. Fultz is gonna get 6 to 7. LaVine will get you 5. Melton, maybe 4, something like that. It's not outstanding. It would have been nice if I could've gotten one more guy that was up in that reliable, like, 7 and a half, 8 range, but they just weren't there when I needed them. But that's a pretty good one. Field goal percent between Duran, Ayton, Jokic, very strong. And then the fact that, my early guards like Bane and LaVine and Bridges are not bad at field goal, I think that keeps that in pretty good shape. And then believe it or not, I think this team reliably wins turnovers, which is pretty crazy considering you're starting with a high assist guy, but Jokic is my only high turnover guy. Bridges is not that high. Bain is not that high. LaVine is not that high. Thompson, faults, Smart. I don't know what Smart's gonna do there. I don't have those any other, like, big cough it up kinda guy on this team. So that's kinda weird, isn't it? That that's something that I ended up being very strong at. And I already forgot what 5 things I said. But I also think this team is gonna be pretty good in free throws, because Durant's really the only negative. Fultz is kind of a neutral, but, and maybe smart. You call him a neutral, but Thompson's a positive. Levine's a positive. Bain's a big positive. Bridge is a positive. Jokic is small positive. That one's a decent one. Probably win that maybe a little more than 50% of the time. I think I win threes 50% of the time. I probably win points maybe about 50% of the time, and then blocks, I probably won't win at all. Although, maybe I'll fall into 1 if Duran, or Zach Collins or Christian Wood puts up a few here. It's not really a target, but if you accidentally win it, like, 20% of the time, it's not the end of the world. So I feel very strongly about 5. I think my team's pretty good in 3 others, and then at at 1. So it's just kinda weird punt where, like, I get it. Maybe you wanna be outstanding in 6, but I think in the regular season with a lot of head to head leagues, you don't wanna be bad at 3. You wanna give yourself a chance against a team that maybe is suffering through some injuries or whatever to win 8 to 1 or 7 to 2. That's how you get to the top of the board and secure that 1st round buy. And so that's why I built the team the way that I did. We have one more team I wanna go over, and, unfortunately, because I am, you know, running all of this stuff by myself, it's hard for me to do it all on the fly, but I think I can do this here. Let's get this one up on the screen for the YouTubers, and I think that should do it. There we go. This one's a public league once again. And once again, I ended up with a late pick with number 11, and this one is a scarier draft. The first thing you think when you look at it is damn, Dan. That's a scary, scary start. You are absolutely right, but I kinda had to do it. The nice thing about public leagues on Yahoo is they have 3 IL slots. So for me, I'm just gonna pray that my early guys are not all heard at the same time. And, frankly, I don't know that I really like the results from this draft, but I'm gonna go through it anyway. This was the first draft I used our draft tracker tool for, and so I don't think I was ready for the way that it assessed teams as it was moving. That was something that I learned after using it once or twice. But I went Kevin Durant at 11, because I just I couldn't bring myself to do the LaMelo Ball punt field goal build right out of the chute. I wanted to start with someone that could sort of open up the page for me to do a bunch of other stuff. And then Anthony Davis at 14. This team is is so very risky. But if those guys hit, then that start is extraordinary at a few key things. Pretty good at scoring, not very good at 3 pointers, very good at rebounds out of the first two, not very good at assists, but whatever. Power forward and center is my first two picks, so I'll have to deal with that later. Steals, good. I mean, I'd say very good actually because you get 0.7 and then, like, one out of big men, and I haven't even added a guard yet. Blocks, yeah, Mondo. Field goal percent, Mondo. Free throw in the middle, not bad. And then turnover is actually very good. So I have 6 categories that this team is extremely, extremely strong at. And then even steals, you could almost put in the good side because as soon as I add a guard to the mix, they're gonna be very good. I don't have another pick until 35, and I'm just looking and thinking, okay. I gotta get a guard. I have to get a guard. If I don't get a guard here, I'm gonna be in real trouble. And then I got 2 back to back, and so this team went from 6 extraordinary categories to crazy balanced. Because I went Freddy VanVleet and Darius Garland at 3538. And now the team is, like, pretty good at free throws, pretty good at assists, pretty good at threes, pretty good at boards, but not great anymore, probably not that great at boards. This team became okay at everything, and that's not really what you're necessarily trying to do on a head to head side. But I've, you know, you we've seen a 1000000 times how hard it is to rack up assists late. And so I figured I'd take 2 and then make a call on what direction my team wanted to go a little later. I went Jared Allen at 59 who, now pivots this team back into a little bit stronger on the big man side. I was all over the map here. Cam Johnson at 62 because I could tell this team was gonna be weak in 3 pointers if I didn't go that direction. This team ended up building a bit more like a roto club. And I went Michael Porter junior at 83 and Markelle Fultz at 86. Like, I don't even know what the hell I was doing at this point. I started to think, alright. I'm just gonna build a balanced team and lean into some sort of strengths as the year goes on. Draymond Green at 107 who's out to start the year, so annoying there. Time lord at 110, mostly just because I thought he was kind of a value at a 110. Josh Hart at 131. I managed to get Paul Reed at 134. I like that one a lot. And then Malik Monk at 155. What the hell is this team? I don't know. This is the one team I drafted where I looked back at at the end, and I was like, I don't know what the hell this team is. They are this team is pretty good at everything. This team would be very good in roto, but in head to head, I don't know what this means. Am I gonna lose 4 to 5 to 4 every single week? Am I gonna win 8 to 1, 1 week, and then lose 7 to 2 the next? All of those things seem very much on the table for this club. So what likely happens is I see how this team does for a month. And I'll do some streaming probably at the end, you know, if if Josh Hart loses his job to Dante, even Chenzo or if Malik Monk isn't doing enough off the bench to fit this team's build, somebody will get rotated in, because it's important to use your actual pickups in head to head. You wanna be streaming a little bit, maybe not 1st week, but a little bit. And, you know, at a glance, you figure a team with Robert Williams and Paul Reed and Jared Allen and Anthony Davis and Kevin Durant maybe lean a little bit more towards the big man stuff. And maybe that's the direction I go, is to lean a little bit more into the big man stuff and move a guy like a Cam Johnson or a Michael Porter junior and say, alright. Maybe this team isn't gonna score very well. Maybe that's a little bit of a punt points team, because Kevin Durant is kinda the only guy on the club that I look at and go, oh, this guy's a good score. So there's a lot of directions that I could go as the season moves on. I think I have a lot of pretty good players on this team. I just think that they're fit for head to head didn't make a whole lot of sense. And so we'll kinda go back to the drawing board, and this is a team where you can tweak it to get it right. Look at what you're good at. Look at what you're great at. Look at what you're slightly suboptimal. Look at what you're terrible at, and start to lean into strengths as the season goes along. And this is a good example of why you don't necessarily have to punt on draft night to still have success. And I'll keep you updated on how this club goes as the season goes along. And now let's do a few questions from the chat room as well and a reminder to please like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff. Hassan says, Chris Paul or Markelle false 9 cat head to head. I probably go the head to head part. Yeah. You probably go Fultz. He probably plays more games than Chris Paul. Roto, I go Chris Paul there. Tyus Jones or Jared Allen head to head. I'll go Jared Allen there. Victor says, hi, Dan. I had my last draft last night. I got Embiid at 5. It was gonna go for more blocks as I was targeting jjj, but LaMelo fell to me in the 2nd round, was either right pick to take. Yeah. I'm fine with that. I mean, Embiid LaMelo is a pretty balanced start. That's like the old school way of playing fantasy basketball where you go big, small, and your team is now pretty good at everything. Not terrible at anything, not outstanding at much, maybe scoring, I'm pretty good at a lot of stuff, and that gives you, a lot of options in the next few rounds because you can kinda lean in any direction. Hassan says, any randoms on the waivers you're keeping an eye on for week 1? I will get into that on this the next show, probably this afternoon or at the latest tomorrow's show, because Wednesday's got the big board, and we'll do our look ahead part of the program. But I'm not gonna do that today because I still got a few more shows in between. Sammy says, is Tillman a good pickup for the rest of the year? Well, he sat around the edge of the top one hundred when Adams went down last season, so sorta is the answer. If you need a big man who steals but doesn't block shots, field goal percent, rebound, steals, that's what Tillman will get you. Memphis is gonna, mix and match a little bit, but, ultimately, you know, when they go up against a front court that's not super duper tiny, he'll probably see high twenties in minutes. And in those games, he'll put up, you know, top 90, top 100 kind of value. So the answer is probably to this question. Lucas says, do you know if the FanTrax public money roto leagues have a games cap by default? I can't find it in the rules. You know what? I actually don't know, Lucas. They should. And then he says, oh, it's a weekly lineup league. Yeah. So okay. So if it's weekly lineup league, you don't need a games cap because you're making your decisions at the front end of the week. You're gonna probably try to maximize games played by playing guys who have 4 games instead of 2 or 3. And so then the cap is sort of imposed by what happens the the rest of that week. Kyung asks, Chet versus Porzingis in Roto. I'll go Porzingis. You know, Chet might beat him in games played by 4 or 5, but I just I'm gonna go with the trustworthy guy. I think Chet has a really nice year. You saw him on the Dan Besper's Old Man Squad, but I'll go with old reliable here. Voss asks, buddy Heeled or Benedict Matherin have both in roto and category. Who should I be leaning to start? I think I'd probably start buddy Heeled. Matherin, we need to see him take a step forward. Let's frame it let's let's frame it like that. Matherin, last year, all he did was score and be a good free throw guy. There was literally nothing else going on with his Fantasy game. If he takes some steps forward in rebounding, if he scores more, then that's a chance that he gets out in front. But we saw also late last year, Buddy Hield in 24, 26 minutes off the bench was still well inside the top 100. So, that's buddy healed to me. George or Jorge asks, why is Clarkson usually falling into the 11th or later rounds? It's isn't it hard to find points in free throw percent in late rounds? Yeah. But, also, you know, I think Utah is gonna start to get younger. So I don't know that Clarkson necessarily is gonna get to do exactly what he did last year. But the issue with Jordan Clarkson isn't that he doesn't score or doesn't get free throw percent, because he does do those things. The issue with Clarkson is that his free throw percent is not as good as you think it is. He shot 81 and a half percent last year, so it's actually a very small positive. The issue with Clarkson is that he really is only a a positive for your team in points and threes. Negative in rebounds, big negative in steals for a guard at 1 at a half. He doesn't block shots. His field goal percent is a negative. His turnovers are weirdly high. He has, I would argue, 5, 6 things he's quite bad at. So, sure, if you need 21 points and can suffer through the dings and all that other stuff, yeah, that's fine. But there was a reason he finished at number 184 per game last year in 9 Cats because there are more things bad than good. Sac accountant Jeremy Sohan was dropped in my 10 teamer. Should I burn number 1 waiver prod? No. 10 teamer, I don't I don't actually think he's a 10 team play unless he fixes his percentages, and I also think the spurs are gonna be rotating him around. I know he's starting as their point guard, but you'll see Trae Jones get a lot of time there. So, no, I wouldn't burn a waiver on him in a 10 teamer. Brown boy junior. Somehow Embiid fell to me at pick 5, and Dame fell to me in the second round. How lucky am I and how jealous are you are am you, me being, ridiculous. That's crazy. So 5th pick would get you, what, 19? Is that the 19th pick in the neck? I didn't screw up the numbers. Amazing start. Embiid and Dame, very jealous. Razor says, who would you pair Halliburton with at pick 17 and a head to head 9 cat? Unless you're punting points, you're gonna wanna get somebody in that 2nd round that scores a bunch. So that's the way you wanna look at that. But I wouldn't look at it necessarily from just, like, a strict pairing standpoint because, if you get too focused on that, you'll forget to actually draft a really good player. So please don't spend too much time hovering over the pairings for Halliburton because a lot of guys in the late second round are great basketball players, and you're just gonna want those dudes. Late second round guys, mid to late second round guys, Donovan Mitchell, I like a lot. Bridges, Bane, jjj, Jimmy Butler, if Kyrie falls that far. So, you know, I wouldn't worry too much about the pairing thing. I would think, okay. What do I have after I take my favorite second round guy? And then start to think, do you lean into it or away from it as you get to the 3rd, 4th round at that point? Lucas says, did you do any auction draft Rodel Leagues this year? I did not. I'm not a big auction guy, and I've basically told everyone the following statement. Once my children don't need my attention, then I will start doing auction drafts because they're longer, and you cannot walk away from your machine. And I can't really do it during the normal business day because I'm doing all this other stuff for these pods and for sports ethos. And so if I'm just, like, laser focused on an auction draft for 2 hours in the middle of a workday, no. That's not gonna work. I don't have 2 hours where I can't be focused on something else on a weekend. Nope. That's not gonna work. But snake draft, I can do because on Yahoo, those take about an hour 10 minutes. You can walk away between picks, especially if you're near a turn. And that's just the way I have to slot it in my life right now. So, long answer to a short question, no. Wayne, last question, then we're wrapping it up at the 53 minute mark. Hey, Dan. If you're rostering Pirtle and Duran together while having Butler and Shea be enough to cover the free throw percent hit okay. So, I mean, we can go a little bit on last year. Now it's impossible to know if those 2 guys do the same or less. They are both extraordinarily good positive impact free throw guys. The answer, if they if these guys repeat it, like, if Pirtle repeats what he did last year, Jimmy Butler kinda wipes him out by himself. Is a slight bit more of a negative than Butler was a positive last year, so that would put you just a little bit below average. Jalen Duran, let's assume that he does about the same damage to your free throw that Jacob does, and Shea would be a bigger positive than that. So the answer is yes. You'd be a little bit above average. It's funny to have Shea and Butler and not be a great foul shooting team. It feels kind of like you're wasting it a little bit. So I would say get one more good free throw shooter in, like, the 3rd, 4th, 5th round, and then you can go Pirtle and Duran, and you'll be, pretty well above average. So you're you're on your way there. I would say one more guy would get you to a spot where that becomes better than, like, a 60 40 proposition. We got another show coming up later on today. That'll be at 2:30 Pacific time with Derek Ball the week ahead. We'll do a weekly preview show. I'll also talk about the 2 games coming up on the docket tonight, and start to settle into the rhythm. It's actually kinda nice that we got the 2 gamer to start so you guys can get a feel for how I do look aheads, which will sometimes will actually typically roll that into the main show, but there was a lot of stuff I wanted to go through on this one. As we now officially, in this moment, end draft season. Thank you everybody for listening all the way through. The work just beginning right now. You can get a Fantasy Pass, by the way, at sports ethos to continue your work on winning your league. The draft is just day 1, people. And, also, use promo code ethos 20 over atmanscaped.com to get 20% off your order and free shipping. I've got the new lawnmower 5 point o on the way. I can't wait for it to arrive. I'm gonna show it to you guys on air. 20% off. Free shipping atmanscaped.com. Find me on Twitter at Dan Vaspris. Like on your way out and subscribe on your way out. I'll see you guys in a few hours later on today.