Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I, wanted to get everything out on social today before launching into the podcast. It's sort of a dual purpose thing. 1, the earlier you get stuff out on Twitter, the more time people have to see it before games actually happen in the evening. The other thing is that it actually really helps with my prep. Kinda keeps me on point once I get the podcast going because now I'm yeah. I got all the stuff written out. I'm not gonna lose anything in the shuffle. Anyway, you guys understand my harebrained process. Manila in the chat room blames my, tardiness on LeBron James, and he might not be wrong because I did actually go to the Laker game last night. Oddly, I've gone to the last 2 after not going to a single Laker game since, last year. And prior to that, I don't think I had been to 1 in, like, 5 years. So, yeah, I went back to back, baby. No. Like, you know, Saturday, Monday. That was a fun one. We'll talk about that one as we get towards the end of the card from yesterday. That is what's going on on today's episode of Fantasy NBA Today. I am Dan Vesperis. This is the first of 2 episodes today. We'll have one in the early afternoon that breaks down the, schedule plays for this evening. Streaming, that's a head to head show. I've broken them up because it just frankly makes more sense to do so. Take a moment here as you're settling in to hit that subscribe button. It does actually matter. I know I've said that before, and maybe you guys don't believe me, but you should. It really does matter. Like, rate, subscribe, however you guys are taking in the podcast. Like something over on Twitter, follow over on Twitter, whatever your little thing you guys can do is relevant, is helpful. Please do it. The baseball draft guy is available now over at sportsethosdot com. Ethos Fantasy b b is where you can get the updates coming out on that as Joe and his team put more stuff into it daily. Best way to get it, in my opinion, is, hit me up for a ridiculous discount. That's the best way to get it at Dan Vesperis over on Twitter, or you can email in, or you can hit me on Discord, whatever is the easiest for you. Baseball Fantasy Pass starts at $6 a month. Basketball Fantasy Pass, if you're on it already, you can add baseball and football and make it an all sport for $1 a month, Bob. $1 Bob. If you're not taking that upgrade, you're a crazy person. And, basically, you're locking in all of our sports for price that NBA alone is likely to be next season anyway. So yeah. Let's talk basketball, specifically the basketball that happened yesterday. Zombie Grizzlies took down the sad, sad Brooklyn Nets. Good gravy. This is Brooklyn's now 24 and 37. They're only 2 and a half games out of a playoff spot because the hawks are without Trae Young, so they're also terrible. And, Yeah. So as bad as the nets continue to be mathematically, they're not gonna get eliminated from play in contention for probably another 4 or 5 weeks. So I don't think you have to worry about, like, a traditional shutdown for this team in the in the usual sense. I don't know if that's good or bad, but, anyway, we'll get to Brooklyn in a second. First thing is the Grizzlies. We've talked in circles about the Grizzlies for the better part of about 3 weeks now because they're in this weird half in half out tank deal. And when I say half in, I mean, obviously, they're in full tank mode, but they're kind of, like, half in in terms of, are we gonna play only our young guys, or are we gonna sprinkle in a couple of semi veterans here? And then it's weird to call these guys veterans, but compared to the rest of the team, they they sort of are. And where does that leave us? So forget the big overall. We've done the big overall on Memphis repeatedly. We've we've probably done it 10 times on this podcast in the last 3 weeks. Let's just talk about each player. Bing, bang, boom, lightning round on them 1 by 1. Jon Konchari, most minutes he's played in a couple of weeks. You can't you can't take that plunge because even when he starts, sometimes he only plays 22, 23 minutes for reasons we don't fully understand. I mean, the thing is if someone were to come out and say, yes, Jon Conchard's definitely gonna play 30 minutes in this ballgame, you'd play him because his across the board, his 9 cap fantasy game is actually quite appealing. But he's also one of those guys that just needs to be out there for 30 minutes because he doesn't score. There's no there's no lightning in a bottle moment with Konchar. It's get him out there for 30 minutes. He's gonna get you boards, assists, steals, blocks, percentages, all that good stuff, but he's gotta be out there. So no. Luke Kennard, when he's in the starting 5, I think you could probably deploy him. He ends up kinda taking on a little bit of a point guard role for this team when he starts, and you know he's gonna jack up some threes. And so provided they're playing a team that can't guard people all that well, then Kennard would be a yes if he's starting. Vince Williams is a yes, basically, daily at this point. He's gonna have some ups and some downs because he's a young dude, but he's in there and he's gonna get usage, and he's playing every ball game. So Vince Williams is sort of the first, like, every dayer we've gotten to. Trey Jamieson started, only played 19 minutes, fouled out. Yeah. You can't trust him. Jake LaRavia, 14 and 10, that's cool. 29 minutes off the bench was cool, but there's no telling that that's gonna happen again, so pass. Santi Aldama, 12, 5, and 4 with a couple of 3 balls. He's a guy I start when Jaren Jackson is out, so that has to be that's a one to one correlation now. So that's the story on Aldama. Matthew Hurt, no. Lamar Stevens actually does have kind of an interesting fantasy game, but the minutes aren't there. So, no, Gigi Jackson doesn't have a good 9 cat game. Minutes and the shots are sometimes there, but without the good 9 cat game, no. And Jordan Goodwin, who's on a two way deal, so they didn't wanna use up one of his days of eligibility yesterday, when he starts, he's also a go. Did you guys write that all down? Jon Konchari? No. Luke Kennard when he starts. Vince Williams every day. Trey Jamison? No. Larabia? No. Aldama when j j j is out. Hurt? No. Stevens? No. Gigi Jackson? No. Goodwin? Yes. And, obviously, Jaren Jackson? Yes. That's the Grizzlies. The nets are a little bit simpler. I wouldn't call them simple, but a little bit less complicated than the goofball grizzlies right now, because the nets are down a couple of players. Cam Thomas, Ben Simmons, sounds like Dayron Sharp is out already. He's been ruled out for tonight's game. Again, this remember yesterday was the start of a 5 games and 7 nights situation for Brooklyn. By the way, there are some other ones we're gonna talk about on the schedule show. I might sprinkle in that information here. Lonnie Walker also sprained an ankle. He's questionable for their next ball game tonight. So, from a fantasy standpoint, this is good news. More thinning of the herd is always good for fantasy because you tighten up the rotations, fewer guys get more minutes. Great. So right now, Cam Johnson, awesome. Putting up huge lines. Hopefully, that continues even after guys start to come back. But even if it doesn't, at least we're getting something now. So Cam Johnson, go. Dorian Finney Smith, giant minutes, playing enough minutes where he's a go. He's another guy that just sort of needs to be out there for 32, 33 minutes to hit Fantasy value. He is doing that right now. Dennis Smith Junior, not doing enough. Kinda surprising, actually, given how thin they are, but not enough still, so leave him on the wire. Nick Claxton, obviously, yes. Dennis Schroder, also a pretty good fill in option right now just like it seems like Cam Johnson is for the likes of Ben Simmons and Cam Thomas, and then obviously, McHale Bridges is the guy that you were starting anyway. What is it what happens to this team when Thomas and and or Simmons shows back up? I don't know. I'm not convinced that we ever see Ben Simmons again. And even if we do, is it gonna be 17 minutes? So how much does that really impact things? Cam Thomas is the one that we have to be cognizant of. When he comes back, he'll come back, and he'll start taking 18, 19 shots ballgame. That might be enough to render Cam Johnson and Dennis Schroeder bench material again, but I honestly don't know, especially if Walker and Sharp and whoever else are out and if Brooklyn finally is just like, you know what? We we're cooked. But to me, it feels like there's still a little ways from that. Speaking of zombie teams, we mustn't forget the Portland Trail Blazers, for they are undead as well. Anthony Simons, the only regular in the lineup yesterday. They were all out. No Jeremy Grant. No Scoot Henderson. No Deandre Ayton. No Malcolm Brogdon. I'm sure I'm forgetting somebody else. Who gives a crap? They're all gone. So Simons, who I said would take 25 shots, I undershot. He took 26 and made half of them, which is a great sign, was also the point guard. He was the all the things for this ballgame. Huge game for Simons, and he'll put up some gigantic lines if the whole team remains hurt around him. I would be a little bit concerned about Simons either playing himself into an injury or playing himself into a day off. But I guess as long as they keep losing, maybe that's not that huge of an issue. And he missed a bunch of time earlier this year, so he'd probably like, come on. You gotta let me play a little bit. And then you get into all this other schmaltz, and it's schmaltzy, man. Banton is, took 20 shots in yesterday's ballgame. That came out of the blue. I can't possibly bring myself to pick him up. Perhaps most notably because when Jumaane Kamara comes back, that was his starting spot. Let's go through this in in orderly fashion. Duop wreath, he had 26 points and almost nothing else yesterday, which is pretty weird for your starting center to basically grab no rebounds. I think I'm passing on wreath. I know I put him down as a silly season stash guy. I don't think his fantasy game is quite there yet. So, make your adjustment on your board if you're tracking the Dan Vesper's board. Duop Wreath is a schedule play only. And even then, it's basically only when Aiden is out. I would not use a Wreath game against my games cap. Schedule fine. Portland's in a good schedule run. They actually have a 5 game and 7 night stretch coming up, but it sounds like Ayton might be back by then anyway. Chris Murray, he's been playing a lot actually lately, but he ain't doing a whole lot with it. So I'll pass there again outside of a schedule play. Rupert, no. Higgins, no. Moses Brown, no. Manaea, no. Jabari Walker, I honestly and you guys know I'm super low on Walker, but I actually thought there were enough guys out where he would probably put up a decent line. Yesterday, I was incorrect. In 5,028 minutes, 4 points and 8 rebounds, all he really does is score and board. He's sort of like a very, very poor man's iteration of Bobby Portis on worse percentages. So, you know, that's why I'm not extremely excited about him. That said, if everybody's out again in the next ballgame, I would probably feel comfortable streaming Walker. And then my hope is that Kamara comes back because he actually becomes my second favorite guy to play on the whole team right now if he is legitimately back for the next ballgame. And then, obviously, if Ayton is back for the next ballgame, he slides into that slot as basically the best Fantasy player on the team. But Simons and Ayton, like, we don't need to talk about those guys. When they're starting, obviously, they're goes because they're legitimate fantasy threats. These other guys is a a who's who of who. Of all of those guys, Kamara would be my favorite to play if he's back in the next one, and then Walker behind him. And then I don't know that you go anywhere beyond that. Not much to report on in Minnesota. Anthony Edwards has a a slow ball game. He actually came off the bench. Cat had a weird one. Some foul stuff early, some, like, just out to lunch stuff late. They ran some bench units that were actually being pretty productive. Rudy Gobert had a huge one. Conley bounced back to no one's surprise against a very bad team. You're not making any adjustments. The the sim I think the short version on Minnesota, if we wanna move quickly, is that with Ant back and slow mo back, Nas Reed no longer is a daily play. That's the only note that changed on Minnesota. Everything else stays exactly the same. Clippers really missed a shot here. Ever since they got to the top of the Western Conference, they've, tripped over their you know what and fallen on their face. They're 5 and 5 in their last 10. It's not like the sky is falling, but compared to how well they were playing, it kinda feels a little like the sky is falling. They're still 39 and 21, so they're in no real threat of falling out of the top four right now. 3 and a half game lead on the Pelis for home court in round 1. But they have now fallen back to create kind of a separation bubble between themselves and teams on either side, because the Nuggets finally decided to play like it's the the actual basketball season. They were doing they were going at about 80, if that, 75% until about 2 weeks ago. So basically, the all star break. And then Denver was like, alright. Time to go. And now they've won 6 games in a row, and the Nuggets are swamping people. That is a scary team again. Do I think the Nuggets probably end up winning the west? Yeah. The way they with the way they're playing right now, they they finally look focused. Anyway, Clippers, Zubatz, yeah, I think he does belong on rosters. He's kinda like a 3rd string center type. And then Norman Powell is the other question mark. Like, was he gonna be doing more here with, Westbrook out for a few weeks? The answer is kinda. You know, he played more minutes in the 2 games since Westbrook got hurt or game in half or whatever it is. And he put up a big number in the previous one, but he didn't really get super heavily involved in this one. That was kind of odd. You know, the Clippers actually are another team that has a great schedule coming up soon, just not yet. They played yesterday. They play tomorrow, then they're offered 2 days, and then they start a 5 game and 7 day stretch. And Powell has been kinda mister durability for them. That would be a great time to deploy Storm and Norman is that 57. Over on the Bucks side, no Giannis for this ballgame. So Patrick Beverly actually got the start and was awesome. 12 and 9, 4 steals a block, and 3 three pointers. We know this about Pat Bev. If he gets 30 minutes, he's an awesome Fantasy player. We've loved him for years, but he's super old now. So these 30 minute games have to be deployed somewhat sparingly. Now I don't know that he gets another one even if Giannis misses another game. I don't know that Beverly would play 30, but I mean, Doc will probably run him out there. The guy you're always playing when Giannis is down is Bobby Portis. He had 28 and 16. Doesn't matter if he's coming off the bench. He always does a lot when there's no Antetokounmpo around. And then not nothing else really changes much here. Beasley, 2 for 11. You know, the 11 shots is what you're concerned with. He's your Middleton 3 pointer stream. And then Dame went mega mode with Giannis out. But, keep an eye on the whole Pat Beverley thing. I think if he's back in the starting lineup in another ballgame, I would probably use him in as many formats as I could. But I I don't know. I didn't get the feeling that Giannis was gonna be out for all that long. He kinda tested his stuff before the ballgame. It wasn't quite there. They go every other day until next Thursday. So pretty light schedule for Milwaukee by all accounts. And then after that, they have one game in 5 days, so this is not a time to be taking a chance on picking up a buck for a schedule stream. Beverly, on the other hand, if you wanna go on the Roto side, chew up a games cap. If you think Giannis is gonna miss another one, that would be the way that that you probably lean. Utah lost Lowry Markkanen for probably a couple of ball games. Washington well, Markkanen was before the ball game. He was ruled out, I think, actually late the night before. Washington lost Marvin Bagley partway through to a back injury, and they have no centers left now, which is kinda sad, because they do have Rashaun Holmes on the roster. But I I could not, for the life of me, explain what happened to poor Rashaun Holmes. There were I know there was a lot of personal stuff during the sort of tail end of his tenure in Sacramento, and, obviously, they brought into Montezipponas, and so that rendered him kinda useless from just, like, an are you gonna do anything type of thing. But he just got full on body snatched. He's not he's not that guy anymore that he was for, you know, 5, 6 years where we kept clamoring for him to get 30 minutes a night, and then he did, and he was a top 30 fantasy play. He's not that guy anymore. I don't know if Rashaun Holmes is seeing someone, but it does feel like you know, guys don't get like, they don't just get old in a week. There has to be something going on between the ears. And, you know, with this as out into the light as the NBA is trying to bring mental health stuff, and I don't wanna put this on him. This is my guess. It feels like that's the kind of thing that might be a bit of an answer for Holmes. But maybe this is the answer. Maybe they're just like, look, Rishon. There's nobody else. You're gonna have to you're gonna have to channel some sort of fire, and maybe he does. Maybe that's the thing that gets him fired up is actually having unfettered access to a job. He doesn't have to compete for it or whatever. I I don't know. You're not pre adding him until we actually see if they're willing to use him and, frankly, until we see if Bagley's gonna miss any time. Because last time, the wizards decided to run small, Avia got the center minutes, which was terrific for Denny. And so if that's the case, then another reason to pass on Rashaun Holmes in the short term. Jordan bench pool. I can't decide if I wanna call him bench Jordan pool, Jordan bench pool, or, just bench pool. Either way, like, this is what we were hoping for post trade deadline with the assumption that someone else got traded, and it's finally happening. And I actually feel like we played the Jordan Poole card damn near perfectly this season because I told all of you guys to avoid him like the plague at the beginning of the year, and then I told you guys to stash him up to the trade deadline, which didn't turn out to be accurate necessarily for the week after the deadline before the all star break. But now we kinda got a little bit lucky in that, oh, they moved him to the bench, and he's finally taking all the shots. It's a glorious time. He's top 60, yeah, top 70 ish over the last couple of weeks. There you go. You gotta you got Jordan Poole who's actually playing now. Hot damn. And then Corey Kispert got ruined by the return of Bilal Koulibaly. I think with Bagley out, if they do decide to go small again, you might see more Kispert. So I would points league, you probably hold on to Corey one more game. Roto, he was never really a a play when the usage wasn't guaranteed. That's too much of a dice roll on Kispert. But the other guys, you know, feel pretty well locked in. I think if you can hold on to Bagley too, by the way. I didn't mention that one. He left pretty late, and, you know, Wizards don't have a whole lot to push for here. But they have pretty good schedule basically between now and, like, the middle of not next week, but kinda the middle of the following week after that. So if you can hang on to Bagley, I think it would do it and see if you can see if it'll come back pretty quickly. So Utah no. We're getting into sort of, like, teetering on the brink of of zombie territory here. Taylor Hendrix, who was supposed to be the guy that gets to play when it's zombie time, he got hurt midway through this ballgame, toe issue. Don't know if he's gonna have to miss a game or 2. And Keontae George, who was questionable with an illness, tried to play through it and made it 6 minutes before coming out. Now the good news on George is that an illness you know, a bug's a bug. You'll get over it in a day or 2 or 3 or 4 or whatever it is. So George will be fine. Markkanen, don't know exactly how long he's gonna be out, but he was ruled out for this ballgame the day before. That's usually not a great sign that a guy is super close to coming back. So where does that leave us? Well, Jordan Clarkson is very much streamable with this much usage on the table because you took George out for this ballgame and marketing out for, you know, y x y number of games. And that left I mean, between those two guys, you're talking about 30 shots of ballgame floating around. I didn't take I didn't expect Jordan Clarkson to take all 30 of them, but here we are. And that's gonna be the thing. Clarkson's a guy that needs to get copious usage to overcome his massive fantasy deficiencies, like field goal percent, low defensive stats, things of that nature, generally kind of higher turnovers for what he provides. Turnovers were good. Efficiency was actually good in this ballgame. So this one, he was super hot. It masked some of his issues, which will surface. But if he's out there taking 20 shots, then you you have to play him at that point. John Collins, Colin Sexton, those guys are obvious starts. Keontae George when he comes back is definitely a start with no marketing around there because he's gonna have a ton of usage. Again, you could just kinda hope that it overwhelms the 9 cat deficiencies. And then the guy to keep an eye on would be Chris Dunn. I don't know if they'll go Dunn and George side by side when he comes back, but if Keontay has to miss a game, we'll see. Then Dunn would be kinda forced to play in the mid to high twenties in minutes. That would be a go. Not picking up Subbanic, there's yeah. No. Would Taylor Norton Tucker potentially get some run if Hendrix misses time? I don't really care too. I think the the thing you're watching for basically is what happens with Chris Dunn in the next ballgame if Hendrix sits it out? Because none of these other fill in guys have translatable fantasy stuff anyway. Chicago erased a massive 4th quarter deficit. The Kings kinda melted down in this one. I you guys know I faded the Kings this year after being a big time Kings proponent the following season, and, yeah, they're fading a bit. Kings are into the play in now. And, boy, the west is nuts. I didn't look at this in the last couple of days. You pretty much have your your 10 teams locked in at this point, but where they're all gonna be is freaking anybody's guess. Top 3 are all interchangeable. Clippers look pretty locked in as the 4 for whatever reason. That's, like, the one team you're like, yeah. I think I think I know where they're gonna be. And then the Pels are a game up on the Suns who are a half game up on the Kings, who are a half game up on the Mavericks, who are a game up on the Lakers, who are a half game up on the Warriors. Oh, boy. 3 and a half game separating 5 and 10. And it really could go either direction because the warriors and the lakers are at the bottom of that pack, and they've been playing probably the best of anybody in that group lately. Have been kinda hot. Suns and Mavs and Kings have all been falling apart lately. That's gonna be a fun one. Good race. Good race, everybody. Chicago's an easy team to handicap. You start the starters unless they play a giant team, and then you get drummed in there. But, again, we talked about that. That's next one of those is coming up towards the end of the month. For the Kings, I do believe it is indeed time to move on from the Kevin Herter experience. The 30 minutes are no longer a lock. We just kinda wanted to wait and make sure on that front. Malik Monk, who I've described as a better head to head than Roto Stream, Shout out to the gardeners for an apartment complex that are blowing leaves in about a 4 foot runway between buildings behind me right now. Shut the heck up out there. Oops. I just get myself in trouble. Malik Monk, why do I call him a better head to head stream? Because if you're punting any one of, like, 2 or 3 things, his value jumps a bunch because he's good at scoring, he's good at, free throw percent, he's good at assists, but he's not particularly great at the other stuff. It's often enough when it all levels off, he's, like, just outside of Start Every Day. But that means that if any one of those 3 ish, you know, steals, blocks, field goal percent, rebound, sometimes 3, sometimes like, if if you're punting any of those, then he moves over the cut line. So that's what I mean when I call a guy a head to head play versus a roto play. The guy's, like, right on the cusp, then you pretty much can play them in head to head because odds are your team's terrible at one of the things that they're not good at, and then you can use them much more easily. OKC on the back to back in LA, Lakers actually play defense. Now some of it was the Thunder. They missed a few open shots, but, seeing the Lakers actually play d was intriguing. And there's nothing really to take away fantasy wise in this game. I love when D'Angelo Russell goes unconscious. He's such a fun player to watch when he's when he's heat checking himself. I don't know if you guys saw that play, and it's the picture I used in the thumbnail for today's podcast. But it was when D'Angelo was in, you know, NBA Jam mode, and, he hit it, like, 2 insane shots in a row. And then LeBron let me see if I can here. Let me see if I can pull this up. I don't know how I pull it up without blocking it with my own face in StreamYard. Nope. That's just moving my face around. There you go. Now you can see it on the screen. So this was LeBron, the face he made when Dilo passed him the ball while Dilo was unconscious. And LeBron threw it back to him and was like, no. Shoot that thing. It's a great look. But what I wanna actually talk about here and I'm gonna take the the box score out of the way, and then I'm gonna leave my face off to the side for those that are watching on video. And also remind everybody to please like and subscribe, and also go get something over atmanscaped.com. Promocode there, ethos 20 for 20% off. That's what the 2 0 is for. And free shipping on your order at Manscaped. But the reason I wanna talk about, not necessarily this ballgame specifically, but just the way basketball is actually changing over the last really since the all star break, you've seen a, generally, not in every ballgame, but generally, a downtick in free throws. And, again, some games, there's a bunch. Like, Brooklyn Memphis had a lot of free throws, and, you know, if a team a team like the Grizzlies who are super young and have no idea how to keep their hands to themselves, they're gonna get called for fouls. It just is what it is. And I think some referee crews are probably gonna be maybe better at instituting these newer policies than others. But Portland, for instance, 11 free throws. Minnesota took a ton in that ballgame. And, again, it's a like, a bad young team is not gonna figure out how to not foul. But some of these slightly more veteran teams are gonna do a better job of it. Like, Utah Washington, 38 free throws in the ball game. Great. Chicago always takes a ton, and they only got 22. DeMarra, 12 of them. 40 in that ball game. Lakers, always taking a crap ton of free throws. 25. Most of them, Anthony Davis, when they got into the bonus in the Q3. Like, he had, like, 6 of his at the end of that frame on just, you know, fighting for rebound kind of fouls. That wouldn't have been shooting fouls anyway. And as a result, you've seen scores tick down a little bit. Memphis Brooklyn was basically right on the number. Portland, Minnesota went over. Clippers, Bucks under. Wizards, Jazz, right on the number. Chicago, Sacramento, under. OKCLA, under. And I think this is by design. And this is not me necessarily talking about, like, what you need to bet on, but it is, I think, notable for how games are gonna go for teams right now. So players that rely heavily on free throw volume, might they lose a little bit of their juice? I don't know. Those guys, it still seems like they got to line. Shea got his 9. AD got his 11 free throws. DeMar got his 12. How did Dame do? Dame got 13. So the guys that always get to the line are still getting to the line a little bit less. But the guys that maybe are looking for sort of minimal contact and get the whistle, we haven't seen those blown as much. And even, like, a 5, 10 percent dip or increase in the amount of contact that it takes to get to the line is gonna change the way Fantasy numbers are coming in over the next little stretch. So let's keep one eye on that. And I don't I I I don't have enough data right now to make a sweeping claim about how, you know, this is gonna change things, but it does seem like if there's a if there's an adjustment on how much a free throw made free throw is worth, then the guys that are making them actually get a very slight bump in their value from now until the end of the season. So Shea could potentially see a little bump in value. I mean, honestly, just look you look at the board and who's taking the most free throws. It was Embiid. Giannis would take a hit potentially, although now if you call it the same, I don't know what more of a hit you could take there. But Shea, Butler, Dame, DeMar, Booker when he comes back, AD, Tatum, these guys can actually see a very slight bump in value the rest of the way, and they're already at the top of the board. But there is a way to maybe think, could they separate themselves a tiny bit? Could a guy like a DeMar DeRozan, who's been sort of quietly moving up the board every week since about the 7th week of the season, is this a path for him now to actually ascend a tiny bit quicker? Jimmy Butler is up to number 19 per game on the season now after the last, you know, 2 months where he's been ridiculous. He's number 7 over the last month. So Butler's been cooking. DeMar has been number 17 over that stretch, and I do think some of that has to do with being guys that are still able to get to the line even while officials are starting to make that little tweak. We'll see if it has any notable impact on on the fantasy space, probably more so in betting. Now I gotta look this up. I'm gonna I'm just gonna yell it into the void right now, but I'll look it up later. I'd be curious to know the over under splits since the all star break, because it sure feels like games are ticking towards under with more contact happening. And you're also probably gonna see more technical fouls because players are like, you know, bleep you, ref. That was a foul 2 weeks ago, and they're gonna be like, nah. Uh-uh. Tee, you know, one free throw there. Well, that's how you run it up. I think the Lakers got called for 2 or 3 texts in yesterday's ballgame. Most of them arguing non foul calls, and then Jalen Williams, I think, picked up a tech for arguing a non foul call. I was at the ballgame, so I got to see all this stuff, and that's why it's in my brain. But it did sort of bring up a thought that I'd been kicking back and forth for 3 or 4 days, which is, could this be the start of a trend where contact needs to be more severe from now until the playoffs, and does that potentially carry over to next year? Something we'll wanna think about in the off season as well. That is your recap, ads, drops, whatever episode. Quick check of the chat room here to make sure that you guys didn't bring up any names that I haven't, checked in on yet. Roger asks, do you think Ayton is gonna be shut down? Eventually, yes. Right now, no. He was questionable. Then he got ruled out not too long before the ball game. Thing is he's only played 40 games so far this year. So even if he played out the string right now, he's only getting to about, what, high fifties? What are the blazers at? They played 60 games. They got 22 games left. Alright. So he could potentially get into the low sixties. Like, what's the point of shutting him down? How many fewer games does he really need to play? And Portland is doing a perfectly fine job of losing basketball games. They're 17 and 43. They have to be so much worse than the Spurs to get into the bottom 3. And then the Hornets who won a few ball games have now lost 4 games in a row. These teams are gonna be jockeying for those terrible positions. So, yes, I mean, eventually, I think Ayton does get shut down, but he's gonna wanna play a little bit before then because he hasn't played that much this year. Let's see what we got here. This guy says I'm on a when I'm on a forklift in New Zealand listening to Dan the man at work. Hope I don't crash. Yeah. Please, no. Fantasy NBA dating Dan Bass person not responsible for any injuries incurred while listening to the podcast. Let's see. What do we got here? Would you drop Keontae George for Eric Gordon or Isaac Okoro if it helps with a schedule? Okoro, no. Because, Donovan Mitchell comes back, that explodes that. And, also, I think Eric Gordon, no. Those are both nos for me. I know Utah's schedule this week is not good, but if you can get towards the end of next week, Utah's schedule gets really good after that. They have a 5 and 7 starting on March 15th, 10 days from now. And Gagne is just gonna do so much more than those dudes. And Eric Gordon might not play in a back to back, and Booker might come back, and Gordon then becomes pretty, frankly, barely played when that team was healthy a couple weeks ago. So that's a no and a no for me. No. No. Jordan Goodwin has 3 games left this week, and he got a DNP yesterday. I think he'll play in 2 or 3 games this week debate debating whether to hold or not. He was someone that I really don't think you could add in head to head leagues because we have no idea how they're gonna utilize his two way. I would hope we see him in all 3, but I just don't know. I really have no idea. I'm sorry. Roto, you're holding Goodwin. Head to head, I mean, you're probably gonna hold for their next one because odds are he'll not skip 2 games in a row. But after that, then your guess is as good as mine. Do you like Banton and points leagues? Nah. Someone's gonna come back for that team, and he's not gonna get to play as much. Is Jalen Green worth a pickup? What do you recommend I do with Miles Bridges and Brandon Miller, 10 team points league? I think I'd oh, points league does make that more interesting. I'm guessing Jalen Green is probably more valuable than Brandon Miller in a points league, but I'm also guessing it's pretty close. And a 10 teamer, you're probably looking at okay. So Miles Bridges is a hold until unless any shutdown happens there. As far as the green versus Miller thing in 10 teamers, that's probably a doesn't really matter type scenario. I'm guessing they'll end up relatively close in points league value. And finally, Gary Trent Junior versus Ochaya Baji. I am adding Gary Trent Junior between those two guys. He has the more translatable fantasy game for 9 Cat. We know that his threes and steals can carry him. He's actually had seasons inside the top 50. I don't think that's happening here. But with the usage being left on the table with the injury to Scottie Barnes, I think you'd go Gary Trent there because it does seem like he's gonna get some shots. And, Dan, are you keeping Khris Middleton? When have I ever said to add him is my answer to that question. I told you all, don't touch him this year. He's gonna be a huge headache. So, no, I don't think there's any reason to hold on to Khris Middleton. Even if he pops back up, they're gonna be going easy on him. He's a huge pain in the neck. Huge pain in the neck. Jacob wait for a, update on the the dislocated finger. If it ends up being one that he'd maybe doesn't need as much, they could get him back a little quicker. And then jjj, I'm a little worried this is the end of the line, but I don't think we're all the way there yet. He's at 54 games. I still think he wants to get to 65, so he'll play probably in about half of their remaining games, which on the head to head side is gonna be a real pain in the you know what. And, in Roto, you probably just hang on until the very last day and squeeze whatever games out of Jaren Jackson that you can. Please take a moment to like and subscribe on your way out. We will be back in the early afternoon with a breakdown of tonight's streaming calendar, get you set, continuing looking towards the future as we wanna win these damn playoff battles. Good luck with your stuff tonight. We'll, talk about again some of the players you can use for streaming in that show as well, so stay tuned for that. Again, subscribing is the way you can make sure you find out when it drops, and I'll talk to you then.