Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Anyway, good day to you all. You know, I don't usually get a chance to do shows on the weekends, so this is kind of fun for me to slip this in before we go back about our day. It's not gonna be a long episode, but it is a different one. This is what I am calling, and you saw it on the graphic in the background. If I can make my face smaller, I'd show it again, but I don't think I can right now. Let's make a deal. Fantasy Basketball Edition. The way this works, at least for now, is I am trading away a player, and I need you guys who are watching or on Twitter or something to send me offers for that player. Now this also is maybe not the greatest idea of a show to do live. That may be a lesson that I learned here in episode 1 because that means at the front end of the show, I need to wait for you guys to put stuff in the chat room. So if you're watching right now while I'm introducing the concept, please do take a moment and offer me someone in the chat room for Scottie Barnes. That's the player du jour. What I'd like to do is then go through some of those offers and see if any of them make sense. Meaning, I will either accept or reject them and give you guys, an opportunity to understand why I'm doing that thing. If this doesn't work, we'll change the way it's work we'll change the way we build it. Meaning, instead of making it a live show, I will take, suggestions beforehand on social media, bring those over, and I'll just run through them. Maybe that makes more sense. I wanted to see how this would go live before I went the other route because I like doing shows live. I like to be able to hang with you guys in the chat room. But, again, we'll we'll sort of see how it flows. I'm also trying to figure out and, you know, I don't know if this is necessarily gonna work, but I'm trying to figure out a way to do it on the other side where I would like to be buying on a player. Because I think buying low is actually more is easier to do than selling a high. It's much it's hard to part with a player that you become really attached to when they get off to a really good start like a Scottie Barnes. Now, again, there is value in you guys seeing what, we could get for him in this discussion. And people are throwing some names in the chat room, so it looks like maybe this does work after all. On the flip side, I don't actually really know. I keep thinking it through on how to run a buy show, but I don't know what that would that would be. Maybe I say, hey. Look. I'm, it's still sort of in this sell mode, but it's a different one. Like, I'm trying to buy player x, whoever that might be. Call it Brook Lopez right now. It would have been Keegan Murray, but he exploded. Keegan was, like, the easiest buy low of the century yesterday before right after Jimmy Butler was the day before. I can't figure out how to run this on the buy side. So I'll keep working on that one, but we're gonna try. Let's make a deal. I'm trading away, Scottie Barnes. There he is on the screen for you guys. I opened it in a in a photo viewer window. I let's see if we can make this bigger. There we go. That's taken up most of the window now, but let's also shrink it down. There. There we go. That's perfect. There. You can see his face. You see his Yahoo stats. You're not you're not subject to all the, other stuff that's floating around. Okay. Let's go to the chat room. I'm selling you all Scottie Barnes. Who are you guys offering me? Dejounte Murray is player number 1 that's being offered to me. So first and foremost, I guess what I should do with this this concept is let you guys know what's going on with Scottie Barnes. He's currently ranked number 11 in 9 category leagues on the shoulders of 21 and a half points, 2 3 pointers, 10.4 rebounds. I know. That's crazy. 6 assists, 1.5 steals, 2.1 blocks. He's shooting 48 and a half percent from the field, 75.7% at the free throw line, and he's at 2.9 turnovers per game. I'm not even going to cloud this episode, with analysis of Scottie Barnes, because that's not even really what it is. This this episode is about you guys offering me things and then me telling you why I would or would not do it. So it's not about, like, what my projections are on the player that I'm trying to sell. It's not even necessarily whether it's a buy low or a sell high. It's just to sell a player, and then we're gonna work our way through it. So Deshontae Murray is the first offer on the table. And this one is an interesting one because you guys know I like Deshontae Murray. I don't like him with all of my heart. I like him with, like, half of my heart. He's number 39 in 9 cat right now. 21.8 points, 2.33 pointers, 4.5 rebounds, 5.6 assists, 1.1 steals, 0.4 blocks, 49% from the field, and 84% at the free throw line with 2.8 turnovers per game. I reject this offer, and I probably need, like, a sound effect or some very large, reject word that I can put up on the screen. Let's see if I can do that in the the middle of a show. Can I just have the word reject fly up there on the screen? Banners. No. That wouldn't be it. Okay. I don't know how to do that. I'd have to figure out a way to just yell rejection on this one. And for the meantime, I'll just I'll just yell the word rejected. I reject Dejounte Murray because while I was not super high on Scottie Barnes coming into the season, and so far that's been a pretty big miss, no. Maybe I don't think he stays at number 11, but I do think he has a real good shot to stay in front of Dejounte who listen, I have no I think this is a reasonable thing to try. I don't think it's gonna get it done in your leagues, and it doesn't get it done with me. Because Dejounte was number 36 last year and a season where Trae Young was having kind of a down season. Atlanta, by all accounts, got better around Murray and Trae Young. And so I just I don't believe that DeJontay is gonna do that much more than he's doing right now. I figured he would be a mid thirties per game guy who last year showed us he can be pretty durable when he wants to be. And so far this season, he's played in the Hawks ball game, so that's a good thing. But from a per game basis, I don't think he's all that far off where he's gonna end up. Maybe in a good universe, you get De'Jontay up to 1.3, 1.4 steals. That's where we could squeeze some value back out of him. The perfect scenario for him is steals somehow trend up towards 2, which could still happen. You know, limited sample size theater here. Gordon Hayward's averaging almost 2 steals a ballgame. If Deshontae gets up towards 2 steals, that's how he gets back up into that kinda top 20. Maybe even a little bit higher than that. That's how maybe this trade works out. But as it stands right now, even if Barnes falls back, I don't think he far is back far enough, and I think you could get more for him than Dejounte Murray right now. 2nd offer, Jaren Jackson Junior. See, now this one, I might argue is more tempting. JJJ is number 31 in 9 cat right now. 21.4 points, 1.83, 6.8 rebounds, 2.4 assists. 0.3 steals, 1.9 blocks, 50% from the field, 80 a half percent at the free throw line. Number 31 and 9, Cat. And I think one would be quite reasonable to note that his defensive stats are way down season over season. Not a small amount, a big amount. Last year, he was at 3 blocks per game and one steal. Four defensive stats last year, 2.2 this season. If you believe that's a number that goes up, and I think I kinda do, I think I accept this offer for Scottie Barnes, who I think does fall back. What do we think Scott falls down for Scottie Barnes? Like, you know, it okay. So look. Last year, he was at 1.1 steals and 0.8 blocks in 35 minutes a game. His minutes are up to 37, which by the way is completely insane. I believe in his uptick in scoring. I believe in his uptick in assists because he's now handling the basketball more. What I don't believe for Scottie Barnes is that he's suddenly now, of like, an 11 rebound a game kinda guy. I know that's what he's doing, but if he's gonna try to do that all season long, he's gonna run out of gas. So that number's coming down. 2.1 blocks? No. I'm sorry. That that number is not staying where it is. You know, 2 seasons in the league, he didn't break 1 block per game, and now he's at 2.1. Steals? Okay. Maybe there's a I'm used over a universe where his steals come up a little bit. I I don't expect the steal rate to change all that much. He's on a crazy heater in those things. The shooting, the threes, the scoring, the assists, that stuff I think trends up from last year. But as the steals and blocks come down, as the rebounds, I believe, also come down, he falls from late 1st round to probably more like, I think you'd put him in the late twenties, early thirties, which is why I don't think Dejounte was enough, but JJ is enough. I accept your offer, Shamir, of Jaren Jackson Junior for Scottie Barnes. Next offer, Kawhi Leonard for Scottie Barnes. Oh, this is a tough one. Kawhi so far is number 33. I don't think okay. So let's step out of our game for a minute and just note the fact that I don't think this is the right time to be selling on Kawhi Leonard, so forget that for just a second. I know we're just kinda playing a game here. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Over the next 2 to 3 weeks, I would rather have Scottie Barnes because the Clippers are an unmitigated mess right now, and I don't think that that's about to just magically fix itself overnight. It's gonna take time while they sort out this James Harden inclusion situation, which has not been pretty so far. That said, after things start to settle, then this would be enough. So if I have Scottie Barnes, I don't think that I take Kawhi right now. I don't know that the person that's trading away Kawhi would be willing to part with him once the Clippers start to figure out what's what because we know Kawhi is a top 5 player. And it's just like everything that Scottie Barnes is doing, he's still not inside the top 5. How, well, it's because he's not a positive in either of the percentages. He's actually negative in one. The other stuff is pretty amazing, but that's why it's so damn hard to get inside the top 5 or 6 in fantasy. Like, you just have to be good at so many things, and Kawhi can be. We know that's who he can be when he's making free throws, which is weird. His free throw percent is down, like, 10% right now. That's basically the big thing for him. The other stuff is actually not all that far off. Steals and blocks probably tick up a little bit as, again, pieces settle. But this will be enough for me in a couple of weeks. It's not enough right now. So therefore, today, I reject your offer, Michael Fleming, with apologies. Cade Cunningham. This one, I don't think I need to get into too much. This one is a hard rejection for me. Cade is currently ranked number 180. I know a lot of that is because he's at 5.3, an ungodly number of turnovers per ball game. I just don't think there's a planet. Okay. The planet is a points league, but I don't think that there's a category league planet out there where Cunningham gets anywhere near Scottie Barnes this year. I didn't think Cade got to his ADP, and I wasn't drafting him there because of it. I don't think that he the only way you're going Cade is if you're punting field goal and turnovers. I do think Cade's defensive stats come up, so he's very much a buy low opportunity right now, which means that in terms of trying to sell him for a a buy high guy like a Scottie Barnes, I wag my finger in disgust, and I say, nay, Mark. I reject your offer of Cade Cunningham. Nicholas offers me Jalen Brunson, which is, more enticing than Cade Cunningham, but not enticing enough. I had Brunson behind Dejounte Murray to start the year, and I've seen nothing to move me off of that position. I know Jaylen is a bit of a by low right now because his field goal percent is way, way down. But we also know that with Brunson, as long as Julius Randle and RJ Barrett and Immanuel Quickley and all these other guys in New York are actually still gonna be taking some shots, there's just no way that Brunson gets above top 30 on a per game basis. And if you're gonna pry Scottie Barnes out of my hands, you need to offer me somebody that I feel pretty damn confident is gonna end up inside the top 25 at the end of this year, which is why so far the only offer I've accepted that's been thrown my way is Jaren Jackson junior, who I think does get to that point, and we're seeing better scoring numbers for him. So all we need is the defensive stats to tick back up even a little bit, and that one works itself out. But for Brunson, I I don't even expect his steals to stay where they are right now. He's at 22 and a half points, 2 and a half threes, 3 and a half rebounds, almost 5 assists, just over a steal on a, pitiful 40a half percent from the field. 82a half percent of the free throw line. He's okay from the foul line. That's not a big plus for him. The field goal percent is one of the reasons that you drafted Brunson, and it hasn't been there yet. Yes. I do think that comes back. I think we get Jalen somewhere back around where he was last year, which I believe was in the forties and 9 cat, and that is not enough to pry Scottie Barnes out of my hand. So, thus, I reject your offer of Jalen Brunson. I think there are a few joke offers in the chat room. That's why I'm skipping over them for now. But I'll throw this one in there. Zion Williamson, I'm gonna go no on this one. And Zion to me is always overdrafted because people are punting free throws, and they think that that's just gonna be enough. And there was one season where it was, but there's this hope that he somehow starts getting defensive stats. And every once in a while, he does it in one game, and then everybody's like, hey. Is this the thing that's gonna stick? And, no, it doesn't. It's not. No. It happens in one game out of every, like, 5 or 6, and then the other ones he doesn't. And that's how it ends up at, like, 0.6 to 1 steal and almost no blocks per ball game. Field goal present's gonna get better for him, so that will improve, but the free throw is gonna be a pretty goodly negative. And, so this one's a a hard rejection. You will not get Scottie Barnes from me on that one. Nick Claxton? Sorry, Patrick. I'm not even going to entertain this one with a breakdown. He's not only hurt, but he didn't even get off to a good start before that. Claxton, even if you're punting free throws, right, which funny thing is that he actually made all 3 of his free throws this year, He was only averaging his one game or sorry. He made one free throw this year. 7.7 rebounds in 3 blocks. I know that Claxton is coming off a good season last year, and so there's this there's a little bit of a how can you say yes to j j j and no to Nick Claxton when, like, the steals and the blocks were one of the big reasons that Nick was ranked as high as he was. I I just I don't know that Claxton gets back to where he was last year. And right now, I need to have someone with that proven ability and upside even beyond that to pull a Scottie Barnes out of my arms. And for Claxton, he's he's just sort of a no. I've been offered a 2 for 1 of Claxton and Gordon Hayward. That's also not gonna be good enough for me with apologies. Before I get to the next couple of names, if you guys are enjoying this weird little one off show, please do take a moment to like and subscribe. I'm trying things. I think it's fun to do different ideas for shows. And so this is one of them. We'll try other stuff as well. But please do like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff. See if people can find it, and, we'll roll with it from there. By the way, also, you can find me on social media. I forgot to say that. This is a bonus fantasy NBA today episode. I am your host, Dan Vespers. You guys know that stuff. We got another Kawhi in there, but another 2 for 1. Azar Thompson and Jalen Johnson. No. That's not gonna get it done for me. I do like Jalen Johnson a lot. He's number 74. I like Azar Thompson a lot. He's been incredible to this point. I actually, you know what? I think no. I got that wrong on, Jalen Johnson. He's a little bit higher than that right now. Right? Yeah. I lost him. There he is. He's at 50. Ozar's at 43. So you're offering now 2 top 50 guys currently for Scottie Barnes, who's number 11. If these were guys that I thought would definitely finish in the forties, I might say yes. So it is a little bit tempting, but I also believe that Asar Thompson, probably cools a little bit. The steals and blocks rate is is nuts right now. I'm I'm super into his fantasy game. I don't know how you couldn't be. But 10 rebounds, 4 assists, and 3.2 defensive stats feels kinda hard for a young guy to sustain for an entire season. Jalen Johnson, I I think the 60% field goal number comes down for him. So I think both of these guys probably cool a little over the next month. And, so that's why, with apologies, Chris, tempting, but I reject. Alpren Shanggun. There's an interesting one. He's number 47 right now, and it's a little bit weird because his sort of the popcorn stats as we call them, points, boards, and assists all are really good to this point. 19 points, 8.3 boards, 6.1 assists, and the field goal percent's been really good. 62% on 13 and a half shots per game. There's been a lot of really nice positives for him, but the defensive stats haven't been where I think we expected them to be. He's really not blocking anybody right now, which is probably good because the rockets as a team are playing much better position defense, including Sheng Moon. He's taken a very large step forward in understanding principles on that defensive side. But it also helps that the guys in front of him, the Freddie Van Vliet, the Dillon Brookses, you've seen some reserves come in and do it, doing a better job of just keeping guys in front of them. So Alpern is not back there getting into foul trouble and trying to swat a bunch of shots and just always in the wrong place. Also, he's been a mess at the free throw line. So low defensive stats, bad free throws has kind of sagged his numbers, which makes me think 2 things could happen. 1, do we see any kind of slowdown in the popcorn stats? 1986 is is pretty high. So far, we haven't seen an indicator that that's slowing down, but it could. On the other side, do we see an uptick in blocks? Is that something that comes around over the course of the season? Same thing with free throws. Does that get up into the mid to high sixties? And then maybe he's not kind of a punt free throw guy, which he is right now, and just more of a kinda bad free throw guy, which you can stomach a little bit better. So, the answer to that question is we don't really know, because we haven't seen Shangun with these competent pieces around him and him playing better defense, so not getting totally played off the floor. Competent. Doesn't have to be great. Just needs to be competent, and that's what he's been so far. I'm inclined to stick with Scottie Barnes. I think the chances that he stays above even if you think Shane Goodall goes forward from here, I think Scottie Barnes has a pretty good shot to stay in front of that mark. So, again, tempting, but rejected. Oh, this one might be the hardest one so far. Tyrese Maxey. Tyrese Maxey is right next to Scottie Barnes with a super hot start to the season. In fact, by 9 cat ratings is actually ahead because Maxey hasn't been turning the ball over at all. 26 points, 3 threes, 5 point 3 boards, 7 and a half assists, 1.1 steals, point 8 blocks for Tyrese, 48% from the field, 92 and a half percent at the free throw line. He's been a big wowie so far. I thought he'd be good this year, and I didn't think he'd be anywhere near this good. It's kinda like Shea last season where I was like, yeah. I'm on him. He was on the old man squad, but I didn't think he was gonna be a top 3 guy. I thought Maxey was gonna be good this year. He was drafted near, what, like, 40, 45? I thought he'd be in the in the late twenties, mid thirties, something like that. Number 7? Yeah. No. I didn't think that was gonna happen. Like Scottie Barnes, I do think that Tyrese probably cools a little bit as the season goes. Perhaps you see a slight downtick in free throw, a slight downtick in blocks also feels quite reasonable, maybe an uptick in turnovers. And there has to be a worry that Philly uses some of the pieces they acquired and picks to go get another medium high usage guy. If those things happen, you could see Tyrese fall a couple of rounds in value. As it stands right now, the down ticks for him are not that big. You know, blocks going down from 0.8 to what? 0.3, 0.4. It's something, but it's not massive. Turnovers ticking up from 1 to what? 1 and change, 2. It's something, but it's not colossal. So I think that both of these guys come back to earth a little. So now you're just thinking, which one comes back to earth farther? I think Scottie Barnes comes back to earth a little bit farther than Maxi. And so on this one, I think I accept your offer. The second one we've gotten through so far, j j j and Tyrese Maxie has been the 2 or they're the 2 acceptances to this point. Let's do maybe 2 more names. I wanna keep this to a half an hour show. De'Aaron Fox. This is actually a really good one. I know he's hurt right now. Let's assume that he's back in the very near future. He was number 17 before going down. Admittedly, 31.3 points per game is probably not a number that he sustains. Let's assume that De'Aaron Fox probably ends up a little bit more like what we saw out of him last year, which is 25 points for board, 6 assists, 1.1 steals, and doesn't take this flying leap forward. You know, free throw is suddenly not a negative right now. Steals and blocks are way up. Scoring, way up. All this stuff comes back down to earth a little bit. It's a pretty good offer. Because if you think Fox does take a small step forward, you might say, okay. Well, maybe Fox does, like, remain in that in the twenties this year instead of the forties. Would that be enough? I'm not willing to risk it. I'm personally concerned that this is an injury plagued season for a bunch of Sacramento Kings. They were one of the healthiest teams in the NBA last year, which feels kind of fluky to me. And I do believe that they end up a little closer to the 500 mark, a little step backwards. Fox would be a part of that even if his numbers take a small step forward. I think that there's a health risk involved. And so I reject your very reasonable offer of De'Aaron Fox. I got 2 more good ones here on the oh, there's 3 more good ones. Four more good one. Oh, man. I'm not gonna get through this thing. Desmond Bane is a good one. I'm gonna make the analysis shorter on this. I'm gonna go no on this, because I actually really like Desmond Bane a lot. He's number 14 right now, but we're already 9 games into the 25 game, Ja, suspension. And Ja is gonna put a huge hole into Desmond Bane. I love his fantasy game, but we know a massive drop is coming for him. And with Barnes, you're like, okay. Well, a lot of things seem like they should come down. For Bane, we're fully aware of it. Steals, usage, blocks, on top of the usage, it's all coming down. He likely falls from where he is now, which is on the turn to more like early thirties after the fact. So even if you think Scottie Barnes falls back, like, around round and a half, even 2 rounds, We know Bane is falling back that far, so I'm gonna pass on that one. Jimmy Butler for Scottie Barnes. Alright. You guys might have gotten me on this one. I think I'm gonna go Butler because a lot of stuff is down, down, down for him, and I don't think it's just magically twisting into the low range. Butler is number 44 right now. We know he's gonna get himself into the top 20. That's just the way it works. So, basically and this is the wrong time to sell, by the way, on Jimmy Butler because he's taking a personal day, and he's been off to a little bit of a slow start. But at some point, he's gonna go on one of his runs, and the field goal percent is gonna jump up to 48, 49, 50, and the steals are gonna jump up from 1.4 to 1.6 or 1.7. And the assists are gonna get from 3a half to 5 or 6, and he's gonna look like Jimmy Butler always looks, and he's gonna be a top 15 fantasy play. And so on this one, again, maybe not the right time to sell on Butler, but I accept. I will take your Jimmy Butler for Scottie Barnes because I do think these 2 ships pass in the night. Demontes Sabonis. This one's a hard one because I always felt like he was being a bit overdrafted this year. He was number 20 per game last year, and it felt like that was probably the best it could have possibly been in a 1000000 years. And with Scottie Barnes, what if it doesn't fall off that hard? So I'm actually, believe it or not, gonna pass on this one. Sabonis' free throw number is down. I think that probably comes back at some point this year, so that'll rebound, and everything else is fine. 17 and a half points, 13 boards, 7 assists. That's all great. That would get him into the top 25 if the free throw number gets back to sort of career mark for Sabonis, and it might. But I don't think that I would take that chance right now, which is crazy because a 100 out of a 100 people would have drafted Sabonis over Scottie Barnes. And this day today, I actually am not taking that deal. And the last one is Anthony Edwards, and this one is also a pretty hard one. Ant Man up to number 27 right now. And I think this is pretty close to where he ends up. 50% from the field, 80 at the free throw line feels like about as good as those are gonna get. 21 shots a game, 28 points converting is about as good as it's gonna get. I was never an ant on the turn guy this year. I think he does take a step forward. Funny thing is I was really high on the Timberwolves this year, but I thought people were getting too high on Anthony Edwards. And so on this one, I'm gonna say no. I think Scottie Barnes has just taken a bigger leap this this season than Edwards has. I don't think Ant gets much higher than he is right now at 27. The only way that he gets higher is if he maintains all of this stuff and the turnovers go from 3.6 down to maybe, like, 2.9, something like that. And then those guys might end up right next to each other. Because I think Scottie Barnes probably falls into this late twenties, early thirties range, and I think Edwards might fall back 5, 10 slots over the year. So this one's fair. It's quite fair. And if you wanted to use Barnes to get Anthony Edwards, you probably could right now. But I actually think I'm gonna go Barnes, at least for the next little bit. I I just I think that we've seen this massive step forward. It may come down to which of those 2 dudes stays healthier over the course of the year, and so that maybe is a little bit of a coin flip. I'm gonna reject it, which I know is insane, but that one's kind of a 5051 for me. And that is the last offer we will take on this funny little one off show. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Let's make a deal, Scottie Barnes edition. We had requests. By the way, if you have requests, feel free to put them in the comment section, not the live chat because I'm not gonna check that after the show is over. Someone said, how about Paul George? Maybe that's an a future one. I think we got a can we do this for Harden, PG Kawhi in the coming weeks? Maybe I wanna try to focus more on guys that you'd probably classify as more of a sell high. You see, like, hey. What would I do? How far do we think this guy is gonna go? Is it a buy? Is it a sell? Is it a hold? That kind of thing. And that's why I picked Scottie Barnes today. Because, yes, I think we all kind of assume he's gonna fall back a little bit. But how far was the question, and I hope we figured that out in today's show. Thanks again for watching everybody. I'm Dan Bessemer. Hope you enjoyed this special Saturday edition of Fantasy NBA Today. Have a delightful rest of the day. We'll be back on Monday with a reverse chronological lightning round weekend recap and deep dive once again on the waiver wire. Please like, rate, subscribe on your way out of town. Wanna keep growing all this stuff, and you guys are a big part of that. Come hang out with us in Discord. That link is in the description. I think I also threw the link to the secret pod in the description. You will sign up to the email list. That's how you get that as well. See you Monday, everybody. Long for now.