Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Hey. What's happening, everybody? Welcome to this little bonus episode of Fantasy NBA Today. It's a sell high or stay put edition. The first one of those, I think, that we're doing. Because last week, I mushed it all together into 1 episode. This week, I split them up into 2. And for this one, I am thrilled to be joined by Josh Lloyd. Welcome back, mister at redrock_bball sporting a delightful stash. I can't believe I didn't see that yet. That thing is amazing. Stan. I screwed you up there. I had your microphone turned off on my end, and and no one got to hear what you said about it. I just I just said a cracking drug. I said it was a luxury stash. Oh, well done, sir. I don't have I don't have a rim shot sound effect on this thing. Oh, I like that a lot. I asked you before we went on air how long it would take you to get a stash of that thickness from scratch, and you said 2 weeks, which feels that feels abrupt. Like, that could sneak up on you. Yeah. It's, it's ironing pretty hairy. It does grow pretty quickly. Look, I didn't grow this from scratch. I just shaved the beard off around it, but it doesn't take that long for me to get, her suit. That's nice. I like it. Well, welcome aboard. I hope you are. And, actually, I think I'm I'm fairly certain that I saw a Twitter confirmation that rides are available right now. Yeah. Correct? That that we are we are selling those tickets 2 for ones at the moment. Yeah. Oh, and a deal no less. Oh my god. Be be still my heart. I am Dan Besper. This is Fantasy NBA Today. He's Josh Lloyd. I got a list of I think I said 6. Right? Yeah. 6 players That's right. Yeah. That, are off to pretty damn fast starts. And I just thought and none of these are, you know, out of the blue weirdo names, but I figured we could go through a few of them, possibly all, actually, and get your thoughts, Josh, on whether these guys are sell highs or whether you think this is sustainable. Sound alright? Sounds good to me. Alright. Why the hell not? So let's get into the first one. The first name on the list is, and I'm actually working down the board in terms of overall rank right now, The mighty Tyrese Maxey, who's off to an impressive start this year, 11 games in. He's averaging 38 minutes of all game. That might be the most impressive number of all. 27 and a half points, 3.3 threes, 5 boards, almost 7 assists, almost a steal, a block, 49 95 splits, and only 1 and a half turnovers per game. Josh, what do you make of this start from Maxi? Is this a sustainable beginning? And if it's not, I feel like there are sort of like, there's a little bit of a gray area there. Maybe even if it's not fully sustainable, is something near it sustainable? Well, there are obviously bits and pieces of it that that are and and that aren't. I think the the one that stands out is the block numbers. Like, it's just probably not gonna be at that level. What did he have last season? Like, 10 he said he had 8 blocks last season. He's had to do this season already. So, like, that's probably not gonna hold at that level, but the minutes will. I think the usage is fairly consistent. He also has done the Shay Goodis Alexander where he's gone from a good free throw shooter to elite. He's jumped 10 percentage points. So does that hold, doc? 85 is great. 95 is amazing. So which one of those is is real? Like, it's probably going to push back a little bit there. But, you know, the assists, the rebounds, the threes is at least 3 points you did for 3 years. Like, I'm not really gonna count on that to fall back too much. The minutes, the usage, that's all fine. It's probably just a little bit on blocks, maybe a little bit on free throw percentage. Is it a sell high? Sure. Would I do it? I don't think so. Like, what for? Like, you're not gonna get a top 7 player back. You know, that's not gonna happen. Right? No one's gonna give you Halliburton or Shea or, let's say, Luca or Yoke or Embiid. It's not going to happen. No one's gonna do that. So what would they be offering to Kevin Durant? No. Thanks. I think I'll just stick with with Maxey in that spot. Like, you're not actually gonna pull this off for someone who is of commensurate value. And how far down is he gonna fall? Not that far will be my guess. Yeah. You kinda answered my follow-up question there, which is what would you consider taking back for Maxi right now? Is there anyone on the board you're thinking maybe I could get that dude and it would actually still be worth it? Because it feels like, you know, you get kinda close to it being worth it with Kevin Durant. Is there someone near him that you think you could get back and you'd actually want? I don't think so. Like, that's that's the thing. Like, who am I getting? Like, Durant, old, obviously, hasn't played with Booker and Beal. Who knows when that's gonna happen? Yeah. That's been fun so far. And yeah. Oh, yeah. Awesome. And the the difference between them, is it is it sizable? Like, maybe maybe it's not. We also have to just think that maybe this is sustainable. Maybe he can be a 94% shooter from the line. Maybe. Maybe he does because it's not like he's averaging 2 blocks a game. Right? He's averaging less than 1 per game. Maybe he can do that. I I I don't know that. It's not like it's coming on ridiculous numbers. It's not like he had 17 block game and then 0 for 4 in a row. It's we'll look at it here. It's 112-1310. Now he had one block in his first four games, so maybe that's more realistic. But, you know, in the end, even though he's elevated to 1st round because of this increase in blocks, you don't have Tyrese Maxey for blocks. These are such small numbers anyway. This is, you know, 3 blocks a week, 4 blocks a week. Doesn't matter. I again, if I unless I get a top 6 player back before, just roll with it. Just hold him. Him. Alright. Let's go to player number 2 on the list. Also, way up near the top. And I did a show on him this last weekend, but it feels like need more needs to be said, and that's Scottie Barnes, who's currently ranked 10th in 9 cat, 35 and a half minutes per game. He's at 21 points, 2 threes, almost 10 rebounds a game, a little under 6 assists, 3.3 combined defensive stats. I will say that in 3 damn separate words if it's the last thing I do. 47 and a half from the field, 76% at the free throw line. We've already seen some slight erosion out of him. Not much. He was sort of mid first, now back end of the first hair splitting 101 here. But where do you think Barnes is headed over the next, say, 3 or 4 weeks? Can the defensive stats stay that high? Is that where people should be worried? Should they not be worried at all? And is there anyone out there you think you'd take back? This is an interesting one because, like, I think, most people, I I was not this high on Scottie Barnes. I was probably lower than nearly everybody else because, again, I just wasn't impressed with what he did last season. I was with you, by the way. So just to if you're gonna knock yourself, you can knock me too. I was not very high on him. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Yeah. I because I didn't I didn't expect him to go from 0.8 blocks to 2 blocks. Nobody should have expected that. I also didn't think that Pascal Siak would have become a 20% usage player, which is what has happened. All of that sort of been a little bit all over the place. Now the thing with Barnes and I yeah. Because I am a professional broadcaster, Dan, that's sort of what I alluded to earlier in terms of averaging 2 blocks per game with Maxey. Like, Barnes wasn't going to keep that up, and he has 3 blocks total over his last 4 games. So that was coming down. He also didn't even hit 20 points in 3 of his last 4 games. I the the slowdown has started here. So when you look at what's happened over the last 3 games, 198 and 5 with 2.3 steals, 0.3 blocks, 45 and 78, that's completely reasonable, and you might add 5% onto that. So would anyone give you a top 12 player back? Almost definitely not. But if they did, I would a 100% take that because I think we've started to see how the numbers of bonds will be impacted when things normalize. And yeah. But in a lot of these cases, just roll with it. Like, I'm not taking a top 30 guy back. I'd rather just see where this goes. But if someone wants to buy into him getting back to being a top 10 player or consistently being that guy, then I take that. Now I'm gonna split some hairs. What if somebody offered you, say, like, a top 20 type? Someone you feel rely and when I say top 20, I think you and I both sorta know, but I'll explain for the viewers. Someone reliably in that range, not someone who is either hot or cold or on, like, a 1 week heater. Someone that we all feel consensus is that kind of guy. Is that high enough to peak you on a Scottie Barnes trade? For a top 20 guy? Yeah. Probably. I I think let me have a look at where I've sort of got his numbers projected rest of you know, because I've got him around that mark. Yeah. But that's that's because I've got him there sitting at 1.5 blocks, which I'm think I'm probably going to have to reduce. I'm not sure he sticks at 1.5 blocks, and that's really gonna be the sticking point to me because, you know, I obviously don't buy the shooting numbers that he put up early on and that has pulled way back. But to me, it's just it's gonna be determined by these block numbers. So top 20, I don't know, in in a general rule down with the trade, unless I know that I feel confident that I'm getting a a pretty sizable win, I'd rather just stick with what I've got because we have seen it. We have seen him produce at a high level. We have seen it drop off a little bit, but there's no reason that it can't push back up a little bit. So unless I'm getting something where, you know, in 80% of my simulated brain outcomes, he's gonna be I'm gonna win, then I'm not gonna do it. So could he foreseeable be top 20? Sure. Could he foreseeable be top 10? No. So if you give me a top 12 sort of guy back, I'm okay with the top 20? Probably not. By the way, can we start can we acronym simulated brain outcomes to just SBOs going forward? Is that SBO sounds very, very good. I'll say how often I can remember getting that in there. But Yeah. I and and SBO sounds good to me. Yeah. We're going SBOs from this point forward. 3rd name on the board, Chet Holmgren, who, everyone will be very excited to remember, was the lone young person I did have on the Dan Vesper's old band squad. I have to give myself a small pat on the back because every once in a while, I do venture into the youth. This was one. But this is That's gonna that's gonna get you on a watch list again. Oh, yeah, man. I've listen. You you gotta fill out a bunch of forms before you move. It's why we just stay in one apartment our whole lives here. The well, should I joke about that? Oh, well. Nope. It's fine. I think everybody knows we're do I have to do this thing? Like, you say we're joking. Obviously, everybody knows we're joking. This is not a laughing matter. I didn't think it was gonna be this good. Holmgren is currently ranked 15th. Obviously, a lot of that is tied up in 2.2 blocks. But overall, he's really been fantastic. 16 points, almost 8 rebounds. I guess 7 and a half, I rounded up. A steal, 2.2 blocks, 53% from the field, 90 at the free throw line. I think he was a 555090 guy before their last 2 ball games or something crazy like that. I've gotta believe this is coming down a little bit, Josh. And but where do you draw the line with Holmgren? What kind of player would you take back? Are you, like, would you only sell him for somebody that also is a 2nd rounder? I'm like, I wanna give myself a bunch of credit, but I also think that this is probably one that comes back to earth a little bit. Where do you stand on him? Yeah. Look. There are certain things here. There's just no way. Right? Like, do we buy him as a 90% free throw guy? I don't think so. I think it was 75 or 74 at Gonzaga, maybe 77. But it wasn't even 80. I know that much. And that's a big, big leap. Right? Is he this could look. You might get 2 or 3 90% free throw shooters in the NBA in a season. So I'm not gonna buy that he's one of those. Yeah. I'm not gonna buy that he's a 46% 3 point shooter, and we've already seen 29% over the last 3 games. So if it's gonna fall back, but in saying that over the last 3 games, is it 1.3 blocks? And he's very easy to me a 2 to 2.5 blocks player. So it sort of sits in the middle there. I don't buy him as a second round guy. I think in the late twenties, mid thirties of that, sorry, late, you know, late, later 3rd round sort of his own is probably more fair, with some expected regression in 3 point shooting, which has already happened in free throw shooting, but maybe a bump there in block numbers. I don't think they're gonna be pumping 35 minutes a night into him. He's playing 30 at the moment. That seems about reasonable. So look, if if I'm getting a top 20 guy back, absolutely more than happy to do that sort of a trade with him. But I think more 3rd round, maybe even ends up as a early 4th is where we we can look. Could you would you consider someone maybe in the 25 to 30 range, like an early 3rd coming back, or is that not enough of a profit to say I'm moving off of my guy? Yeah. Like, what's what's what's the purpose? Is that just to try to do a trade? Like, what A little bit. Yeah. You're getting? Because what we know with rankings, Dan, is that the difference between 25 and 28 is None. You know, it's one block every 3 weeks. Like, it's not it's not a big difference. It's, you know, shooting it's hitting 1 extra 3 across a month or something like that. Like, these differences are so small that when we're gonna split hairs and think that these players is I love this word that someone told me earlier in the off season, it's the ordinality of rankings where we look at, you know, 25 is the same difference of 26 to 27 because they're, you know, ordinal numbers when that's not how it works. That's not how these ranking values work. None of that. None of it is like that. And you know, the guy who's 29th is not yet 3 spots better than the guy who's 33rd. It doesn't work in any, any degree like that. So if I'm getting such small return on that, you know, I draft the check because I like him. I I that's why I assume I drafted him or I like what he did. So why not? Why not just hold him unless I'm getting tremendous value and someone wants to completely overreact, then just hold on. Yeah. And then, you know, you look at it from sort of a player fit standpoint as well, which we obviously can't we don't know your team. Did you draft Chet because you badly needed those blocks? Is did it turn out that now those are superfluous? Then all these things add up to you can probably figure out better than we can if they small gain like that going from someone who may be number 32 to someone who may be 29, but maybe you need more threes, more scoring, more assists, whatever it is that you're hunting for with that move. But, yeah, you're right. It probably is a trade to make a trade. But I guess I could probably maybe I'll play devil's advocate here. What if you could do a trade to make a trade and turn Chet into the guy who's 24th, and then turn that guy into the guy who's 21st, and turn that guy the guy who's 18th? This may take you 4 4 years, but maybe So the guy who turned you got a pencil and turned it into a house? Yeah. Basically. I think it is that story. That's right. I don't know how much time we have. Sure. Look, who's look. But who's got the time and energy to to work that? Yeah. I'm sure you could do it. Right? Just swing a guy every single week. But eventually, I reckon your league mates are gonna get pretty annoyed with you trying to swing a trade with them every 5 Yeah. 5 minutes. And so that there is a level of diminishing returns of that. People go, bro, look, we just did this trade. Like, what are we doing? We're not doing it again because we are dealing of course with humans and not like in a, completely void scenario where we're just dealing with numbers. Like people are gonna get annoyed if you're just constantly flipping. That's how I am. Anyway, if someone's like every day sending 3 trade offers to you, I'm just like, no. Like, even just out of principle, I'm getting that. I'm not not not doing that, mate. Like, come on. What are we doing? If you're doing this all day, we're not gonna keep going, along those lines. Yeah. Alright. Good point. And this is the kind of thing where if you're in more than one league, you simply don't have the time to do it anyway. Next name on the board, Herb Jones, who's a very interesting case study because I, like many folks, thought that he was coming into this year as steals and almost nothing else. And so far this year, he's been a lot of steals, which is not a surprise, but some other stuff also. Both percentages have been good so far this year. He's blocking a shot and a half. I know CJ McCollum's out. That's been somewhat helpful. But overall, he's just been better than expected. Can it hold? I am skeptical. Where do you stand on Herb? I think you should be skeptical. I actually did some research on Herb earlier today for something that I was looking at. I was adjusting some of his projections. I went, oh my god. Like, these numbers are insane. Like so I was like, how am I that that wrong on Herb? And I'm looking at him as, like you said, a steel specialist. Like, how was I was I that wrong? And then I went and looked at his numbers, and he's hitting, 84% of his twos over the last 4 games. He is, hasn't didn't miss a 2 in the last game, but he's at 69% last for this season. He's at 54 last season on 2 pointers. He's the shop blocking is huge. Maybe that sticks. He bought 0.6 per game. What? Do we expect him to have jumped up a full block per game as he changed that much in terms of shop blocking prowess? I don't know. He's a good defender, but that's not gonna hold. But then everything else okay. His usage is actually down from last season. He's still playing 31 minutes. He's still, like, he's his free throws are also, like, 12 percentage points higher. I don't buy any of that stuff. So while he is rolling at the moment, he's putting up amazing numbers. It's on the back of last 4 games, 3.3 steals, 1.8 blocks, 61% from the field, and 94 from the line. I've never seen a bigger red flag for aggression in my life. Like, it's just there's absolutely no way. Like, it's just not gonna stick. What do you think you could get for him right now? That's where I've been getting stuck on Herb. Well, that's the other thing is I went to look to because that's why he came up because I was doing my show on terms of streaming. He's only rostered in 64% of leagues or 62% of leagues. Wow. I I think not much because if the if there's still, like, a large percentage of people not even bothering to grab him, and maybe that's just all the points lead guys, maybe that's true. But he is absolutely rolling at the moment in terms of production and still hasn't even cracked 70%. That makes me think that nobody's buying it, and they shouldn't because you shouldn't buy these numbers. It is not because it's not even like a well, of course, he's getting this big boost because CJ is out. He's not. Like, it's 14.7 usage over the last 4 games. That's nothing. He's not. Is he averaging assists? Oh, no. 2a half. He's just into a really, really amazing zone in terms of getting defensive stats. That's all it is. And and shooting the absolute lights out, which is just it's not gonna hold. Like, there's just no way. So could I get any if I could get any top, let's say, 80 player back, I I would do that because there's just I don't see how so much of this or maybe even top let's say top 70. I just don't see how any of this stuff holds. That's kinda what I was saying earlier today about Lou Dort. Do you have the same feeling? He wasn't on my list for today, but that's, like, the same idea of if I can get anybody in, like, the 7th round or better, I'm doing it. Yeah. The Lou Dort ones, I was we're applying to a comment on someone today. I said, man, Joshua always hates Lou Dort, but every year he produces like no. He doesn't. No. He doesn't. He doesn't. He does not produce ever apart from this 7 game run. Like, he's not. He's like a 38%. She's like I like to call him Midwest Dillon Brooks. Like, he's just bad at so many different things. Like, he pays on fire to start this season. Elite shooting numbers, and for some reason, he's just cranked the steals up to 20, which, again, as a good defender, he never brought them in that in that, quantity in the past. So, yeah, it's a very, very similar feeling for me on Dorton Jones. Yeah. I didn't mean to to have Dort get hit with a there, but it just it hit me of, like that's, like, the range that I'm looking to try to get back. If you can lock in something, I think folks should do it. Here's an interesting one. Bogdan Bogdanovic. He, like and I'll I'll wear this one. He almost wasn't even on my radar coming into this year. I know his steals rate is high, but it feels like a lot of the other stuff isn't that crazy right now. His numbers on the season, 15 points, roughly 3 threes, only 3 rebounds, only 3 assists. The steals and blocks are high. He's at 2 combined defensive stats, which admittedly good in only 26 minutes. 44% shooting. He hasn't missed a free throw yet, but I think he's only taken 12 of them so far this year. Is anything besides steals, about to fall off a cliff with Bogdan, or is that the one area to be worried? Or I I did I mean, I guess I may have just not looked hard enough at him. He was a guy that I was looking at maybe, like, around 12 sort of an area, but I wasn't, yeah, not not a huge target guy. Actually, I was just talking with, Dan Titus about him earlier today. You're right. The steel stuff is is very high, but it's not it's not outrageous. Like, he averaged 1.1 steals in 21, 22, and 1.1 steals the year before that. Is it 1 point and point 4 steals per game, Danny? Is it Yeah. It happens. Like, what is it? One extra steal every 2 and a half games. I think that's how that we work there as I do my SBOs on that one. I think that's I think that's People already forget what SBOs were. It's my great fear. Oh, well. I I cut it. Was it simulated bran brain output? Something like that. Something like a yeah. Like, he was, yeah. So it's it's one steal every 2 and a half games. Like, that's it's not actually that hard to to get that number. It steals, as I'm sure you're aware, Dan, are the most variable stat game by game, week by week and year by year. So a guy that averages 1.7 might have to 1.2. They might have to 1.6. It's all over the shop. That's that that we get that. That's that's fine. So that's up, but it's not sitting at 3. It's sitting at 1 and a half. Yeah. Who cares? Like, that that's actually okay. You're right. The free throws, he's not. He hasn't missed one, but that that'll come down. All good. Everything else for him looks, like, relatively sustainable except and this is a a key to a lot of people. We look at you look on your app, you look on your Yahoo. Hopefully, you don't look on ESPN. You look on fan trips, whatever, and you see the player stats and it gets presented to you, but they don't show you what the 2 point percentages. And that is usually like over 50% of what the fuel goal equation is. And Bogdan is shooting 63% on twos. And he shot 51 last year, 51 year before that 52 year before that. So that is a 16 to 17 percentage point drop that is coming. And even if he improves to 56 or 57, it's a double digit percentage drop that is coming at some point. And then that impacts so much of what he does now, Could he improve his 3 point shooting from 35? Yeah. Maybe he gets 38, 39. But that is such a gigantic drop off on that twos that is probably gonna stick, like, 63% from 2 is, like, Mark Williams range. Well, it's actually not Williams' high, but it's like Angel Robinson or Mark Williams or someone. Mark That is such a high, high level. I I was gonna say Mark will Mark Williams is like a 1,000 right now. So Yeah. But that's like that's 60 plus is Yeah. Very good. Or it's like a center. Like, that's basically what it is, and that is holding that okay. Okay. Because you look at his field goals. He's sitting 44% of his field goals. Like, that's not a high number. Yeah. Because he's he's being it's really being buoyed up by the fact he's taking a lot of threes Ton of them. And they're they're coming through at the normal level, but that 2 point percentage drops, he becomes like a 41% shooter doesn't impact his overall effectiveness because we know that field goal percentage is not a great indicator for players efficiency because of the way threes are included. But in fantasy, that doesn't matter. But that number is actually being held steady by a 2 point rate that won't hold. How far do you think that would push him down the board? And maybe the more important question is, would you consider trying to squeeze, like, that same top 80 range guy that we just talked about with Herb out of him or just see how this goes for Bogdan? Because it does seem like they like him. Although, they do. He's really useful. He's very key to what they do, but he's got that knee problem. They don't pump the acumenics into him. Consistently, would I take a top 70 guy? Yeah. Would anyone offer it? Almost definitely not. I don't I don't think anyone's gonna do that, but I I would take that. Yes. Would you take top 85? No. I don't think so. Because like like I said, like, the 2 pointers might come down, but the freeze could come up. He could be a 40% 3 point shooter instead of 35, and that balances it a little bit. And with these increased volume here, that that's solid. So, you know, if he could be around a 100 and what's the point of getting an 85 player there? Like a top 70, it's a big win. Yeah. Alright. Well well said. Let's do one last name, and that is RJ Barrett, who I I never never thought it would come to this, but someone on Twitter did yell at me. Guys can change look it up. Guys can change. He can magically become a vastly superior shooter to anything he was in the past, like he hasn't been in the NBA for, like, kind of a long time already. Okay. I'm gonna frame this question differently because just asking is he a sell high isn't isn't even doing users a a service at this point. The question is how high of a sell high is RJ Barrett? Is like, do you just ride this and see if he stays hot for another 2 weeks and then drop him when it happens, or do you try to squeeze out, like, even a top 100 would be worth it? How bad does this get? Because we've all watched RJ for a while, and it can for category leagues, it can get real bad. Yeah. So this is you're right. Look, I've been I've been yelled out about this before. I put a little clip out saying, look, it's gonna fall back. And so someone could, no, man. He's definitely improved. You're lying. You're just being a hater. Guys can improve. I said the same shit. Okay. That's all well and good. Right? Guys can improve. Totally. Everyone improve yourself. It's it's a great part of That's right. Self self improvement. Betterment. That's a big that's that's great. Good advice. Literally, nobody is a 50% 3 point shooter. Nobody. Nobody nobody is, including this man who was 31 last season. Nobody shoots 50%. So you wanna talk a decrease. Has he improved? Sure. Maybe he's a 37% shooter, 13 percentage points that falls away. Has this man jumped up 10 percentage points on his free throws? I guess it's possible, but it's also improbable. So both those things drop off and he still is actually worse in rebound than he was last season. He's doing the same with his assists and he steals and blocks are 0.7 0.3. It is the same RJ, except that he's hitting shots at a level which has zero chance of sticking. So everything else is literally the same. And he's only playing 31 minutes a night. It's not like he's getting 36, 37 minutes. It's not like he's pumping in gigantic usage. It's the same as it's been in the past. There's just no way that any of this sticks. He is ranked really highly at the moment. If I got any top 100 player, I would happily do it. Understanding that this might continue for a week or 2. If it continues for a full season, Dan, I don't know what I'll do. I'll do something pretty outrageous, but there is absolutely no way that it finishes this way for the entire season. Understand that I will take hits on this when he shoots 50% from 3 for the next 2 weeks, which could happen. Could happen. But they don't shoot 10% for 2 months. Like, it's it just there's no way. He is not a 50% 3 point shooter because literally nobody is. You and I yeah. You and I need to figure out what absurd things we're doing if RJ Barrett shoots 50% from 3 free. I might just light this board on fire behind me and do it do a show engulfed in flames. That's my that's my promise as I I mean, 50% from 3. RJ Barrett is now Luke Kennard, ladies and gentlemen. It's, Even Luke Kennard doesn't hit that. No. Even Luke Kennard, and that man has laser sight. Josh, I think I promised I would get you out in 20, and it's more like 25. So it's time for me to let the great Josh Lloyd go. Let me close this window out so that not everybody is just staring at a weird board in between us. Look at that. Okay. Technology at its finest or not so much. Josh is, of course, at redrock_bballlockedonfancypodcastlockedonfantasybasketball on YouTube, Basketball Monster, your busy man, and premier mustache grower. What what else you got going on? Did I miss anything? No. That sounds about sounds about right to me. I think that's yeah. The mustache, obviously, the most important part of that. Yes. Obviously. And that's why I saved it for last. That's that's a big one. Josh, thank you, my man. I really appreciate it. No worries, Dan. And that was the great Josh Lloyd. I hope you guys enjoyed it. I wanted to keep these shows sort of, like, in a nice little capsule. Thank you for the comments as we're rolling along here. We're not doing question and answer on today's show. Back tomorrow. Tomorrow's Friday, I think. Yeah. Friday, we'll have our weekend review podcast. Follow Josh on Twitter at redrock_bball. I am at Dan Vespers. Please like, rate, subscribe, all that stuff on your way out of town. See you guys again tomorrow. So long, everybody.