Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright. I'll let the song play to the end. You guys have the jam over on the, the live side. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. This is your Tuesday edition of the show, February 13th, Valentine's Day tomorrow. What will we be? Who will be our Valentine? Who will be our Valentine tomorrow? A question that only will be answered by the 6 games this evening. Today on the show, we're mostly going to be covering the Monday card. We had a lot of games, a 10 gamer to go over, and you had a bunch of the recently traded fellows playing many of them. Their 2nd game for their new team, Buddy Heel, I think, was a a third, but how much do we need to talk about him? He's absolutely dominating in his new digs. I am Dan Vesperos. This is a sports ethos presentation. I'm about I got through through that sentence. At danbesbris over on social media, d a n b e s b r I s. Folks, here at the front end of the show, I wanna ask you kindly, take a moment as we're easing into the program. Hit that like button. Make sure you subscribe. If you're relatively new to the proceedings here and you haven't had a chance to do it yet, it's super easy. I know that on the YouTube deal, you can just hit the button right there on the screen. I actually don't even remember how easy it is to subscribe on iTunes and Spotify. But, generally, they make those buttons pretty easy to find. If you have an opportunity to drop a 5 star review, I'd appreciate that as well. But, again, the quick stuff here, a like, a follow over on social, a subscribe button. Let's, bring you all into the fold. I would love for you to be a part of what we do here daily, sometimes twice daily here on Fantasy NBA Today and Sports Ethos. Diving straight to the card, Indiana, an embarrassing loss an embarrassing loss in Charlotte. My Indiana over bet is a little less safe than I would have liked. Tyrese Halliburton being hurt, eased back in. Pacers being sort of middling lately. They're 3025. Trying to remember. I actually probably shoulda had this. What was the Pacers over? I think they basically needed to be a 500 ball club, if I'm remembering right. Was it 39? It was a little bit under 500, I think, at the beginning of the season, if I'm trying to remember that. I think Pacers was, like, 39. I lost the giant document I used to type all this stuff up at the beginning of the year. That was when my hard drive I don't know if you guys remember my hard drive crashed in July. I typed up, a write up on all 30 teams. It was just gone. So upsetting. The current Pacers line is 44a half, which is not what the season started with. What the hell was it? What was the Pacers number? I don't remember. Damn it. I think it was 39. Either way, I mean, you got, what do you got? 27 games left, 500 ball club. They should still get there. If they're above 500, I think that one hits. I don't know why I'm talking through this on air. This is something Dan, you should research this stuff before you go on. But, whatever, it's a live show. You guys get to see me my wander wander through my streams of consciousness. And, anyway, it's a bad loss. Andrew Nembhard right now has sort of the clearest path of anyone on the team to picking up some of the buddy healed stuff, but, also, Nembhard doesn't have particularly strong fantasy game. He's generally assists only. Yes. Sometimes he'll have a game like yesterday where he shoots 5 for 7 and gets 3 steals and everything looks gravy, but it's not. So nothing. Charlotte, on the other hand, requires a little bit of our attention. I'm getting copious. Yes. That's right. So many that they are copious. I'm getting copious questions about who to add on the Charlotte Hornets. And I get it. There were actually reasonable questions because, Seth Curry, Grant Williams, and Trey Mann, also Vasile Mitsic, finally had an opportunity to to triple check myself on that one. Vasile? Vasile? If you listen to him say it, he says it so fast that it just sounds like Vasile. The slow version is Vasile. Last name is Mitsic. Anyway, feel good about finally being able to dig into the pronunciation guide on that one. This is what I was worried about. This is why I put him on the watch list on the last show. I know a lot of folks had him as an ad, and I said, alright. I mean, okay. If you wanna get super aggressive there, but, you know, he shot the ball extraordinarily well. There was almost no way he was gonna get 9 assists per ball game. And, you know, you you sort of look at some of these players and you're like, there may be a reason that maybe they're not getting, like, full starters run on other teams. And it's not because they're not decent, but it is because there's a big learning curve. So still watch list him. Mitcic can still be on your watch list, but I didn't think there was a reason to go straight up and add, and I still don't. Seth Curry at 18 points in 19 minutes. The minutes are what you're looking at there, so he also does not need to be added, but you can throw him on a watch list as well. Cody Martin is not one of the guys that got traded, but I did get some questions about him. And he's a low percentages guy. I know he shot 5 for 8 in this ballgame, but he generally doesn't. He's a low field goal percent, low free throw percent dude who doesn't do nearly enough in the counting categories to make up for those shortcomings. So he can also stay on the wire. And that brings us to because look. Miles Bridges is obviously a start. Brandon Miller is a start. Nick Richards is sort of your low end center stream. Blah blah blah. That brings us to Grant Williams and Trey Mann. The 2 guys that I'm getting asked about the most, I like to save that for the end when I break down these teams, because you sort of, like, knock everything else out to the out of the way. And now we've just got these two names that are sitting there, looking us in the grill, and we're like, alright. What do we do with them? Starting with Grant Williams. First of all, he shot 7 out of 8 at the free throw line, which is unusual. 6 out of 12 from the field, it's a repeatable number for him. He's actually kind of a decent, field goal percent guy for someone who generally, like, sort of camps out in the corner and shoots 3 pointers. He's only a 42% from the field so far this year, largely because of an extraordinarily poor run-in Dallas. They wanted him out of there. I mean, it was just, like, the fit was never quite right. But with Boston, he was more like 45 ish. 44 and change, 45, he's been sort of slowly trending up. Here in Charlie, he's at 48 through his first two ball games. He's also, attempted, like we mentioned, 10 free throws in 2 ball games, which is just not at all something you're gonna expect to continue. And, you know, some of it is because and there's a few things at play here. For 1, he's playing more. You know, he's averaging 32 minutes a game in his 2 games with the Hornets After never getting higher than 26 and change, in Dallas and never actually clearing the 26 minute mark in Boston. He's also shooting 11, 12 times a game. Took 11 shots in his first game with the Hornets. He took 12 in the last one. That's a much larger jump than you'd expect when his minutes only went up by, you know, less than or about 20%. 20 percent's on added on to 6.7 shots, it only gets him to 8, not 11a half. Now, obviously, what what you are all yelling at me and you should be yelling at me is, Dan, that's because he was playing with Luka Doncic and Kyrie Irving in Dallas. And in Charlotte, he's playing with Miles Bridges and Brandon Miller, who don't exactly control the ball the way that Luca and Kyrie do. And you are correct. So there is a reasonable explanation for an uptick in field goal attempts. Going from 6.7 to 11a half, though, is almost doubling. He's added 5 shots a game over 6a half. I mean, we're talking about, you know, 80% jump instead of the 20% jump that his minutes took. That's probably not something that's gonna stick. You know, even when Kyrie was out or when Luca was out, you still didn't see Grant Williams taking 11, 12 shots a ball game. You know, he went from 6a half to 8 or 9 in those scenarios. So I think you're probably looking at someone who likely trends back towards about 9 shots per ball game. We're also hearing on Grant Williams that he may be picking up small ball center minutes because the Hornets don't really have a legitimate backup 5 behind Nick Richards. We have no idea if Mark Williams is ever gonna show his face again. Davis Bertons can play some center because he's tall, but he's also not gonna get in anybody's way. In in as much as at least Grant Williams, who's not tall, but is, you know, a boulder on on legs, he can at least stand in the way of the rim and dudes can't just go straight through him. You know, Nick Richards, you got both. He has high. He has strength. Grant Williams has massive strength, but no height. Davis Berton says hype, but no strength. So that's why Richards is still gonna play the bulk of the center minutes, and he played 26 of them yesterday, which left about 11 for Bertons, and Grant Williams picked up about another 10 roughly or somewhere in that neck of the woods. Here's the other problem with Grant Williams, though. Like, yes, as a center, that does mean that he has now a slightly better path towards getting rebounds because he's just gonna be closer to the rim. And he's at 6 rebounds a game in his 30 2 ish minutes per game in Charlotte. But career wise, Brett Williams is not a great rebounder. In Dallas this year, he was at 3 and a half rebounds in 26 minutes. And, yes, again, I know some of that's because he wasn't playing center and because Luca takes fit 10 rebounds a game out of a guard position. Even if you go back to Boston, 4 and a half rebounds in 26 minutes per game. If you add 20% to that and even then give a center bump, 4.6 is not going to 9 or 10. You could get him to 6 and change perhaps, which is where he's at right now. So is 9 shots a game and, yeah, look. A lot of them are gonna be 3 pointers. So, you know, 22 ish, 3 pointers a game, 2a half if you wanna go that high. It's 2a half, 3 pointers a game and, you know, call it something like 11 points. It's 11 points, 2a half, 3 pointers, and 6 rebounds. Is that enough for a fantasy value for a guy that doesn't get defensive stats? Really not many. Half a steal, half a block. Could maybe trend up to, like, point 7 and point 7. He's a fine free throw shooter, but he's not gonna get there 5 times a game. He might get there, like, 1 and a half to 1.8, something in that neck of the woods. My thought is that the answer here is probably no. Probably not inside the top 109 cat. And I I I I wanna give Grant Williams credit. That's why I wanted to really dig into this one and say, is this a believable jump for him to get to where he's at right now? And my like, again, and I can't know for certain. All of this is just handicapping, but, like, we can look at Grant Williams last year. He was outside the top 200, in, you know, 25 minutes a game in Boston. You can go the previous year, 20 some odd minutes a game in Boston. He was 188. So he's just not that close. Even if he goes from 25 to 32 minutes, even if he goes from 26 to 32 minutes, I just don't think there's enough to get him all the way to the top 100. Does he get himself into a pretty reliable stream zone? Yeah. You know, 125, 150 range is probably in the I mean, even if you said 100 was a best case scenario, 100 to 150 range is probably, I'd say almost definitely attainable for him. But that to my in my eyes is not a reason to go out there and dive in face first. Now let's talk Trey Mann. And I know I'm pausing on this team a lot, but a lot of these other teams we can blitz through pretty fast today. So let's let's spend time on the stuff that really matters right now. Trey Mann is a very different discussion because he is going to get the usage categories. He's going to take some shots. He's going to have some assists because he's basically the point guard right now while LaMelo Ball remains shelved indefinitely. Eddie grabbed 9 rebounds in their game against Indiana yesterday. Don't read too much into that. Man is a is an okay rebounding guard. But, you know, 6 and a half rebounds he's averaging in his 2 and a half games in in or 2 games in Charlotte is not likely to hold because there isn't really anything that happened during his time in Oklahoma City that artificially depressed his rebounding. And there's nothing in Charlotte that's gonna artificially raise his rebounding. Playing excited basketball right now is what's raising his rebounding number. He had 8 defensive rebounds against the Pacers yesterday. I'm fairly certain that's a career high and will probably be a season high. So don't expect Trey Man to average 6 and a half rebounds a game. That's absurd. 4 is quite attainable, 4a half even. Like, he's not a bad rebounding guard. He's 63. So, you know, little bit taller, I guess, than your average point guard or thereabouts, but he's kind of a spindly fellow. And as this as minutes start to wear on him a little bit, the rebounds are they always trend down. You just see that with these young guys that are finally getting a little bit more opportunity. In the short term, the assists are somewhat sustainable. I don't know about 8 per ball game, but you'll see at least a chunk because he is basically the point guard right now. So, you know, 6 plus feels doable. He's also at 10 points in 30 minutes, which feels like a number that could maybe go up a little bit. Not entirely clear. Eleven shots per game. He's averaging fewer points than he is shots right now, which is ugly. But, you know, maybe he gets himself to the free throw line a couple of times, and that number goes from 10 to, you know, 11 points, 12 points, something like that. 12 point 6 assists is an interesting starting spot. But and here's the big old but. Yeah. Big but just blasting things right out of the way. Here's the but on Trey Mann. Trey Mann is not at all someone we're gonna rely upon for percentages. He's a career 73 per or excuse me, 78.3% free throw shooter, which as a guard is a negative, or it's a negative if you're anybody. As a guard, it's sort of a bigger negative because guards are who you expect to give you a free throw percent lift, and then you sort of account for that by knowing you're gonna have a big man. And some big man on your team is probably gonna be shooting in the seventies and foul at the free throw line, and that's your sort of your small negative. The guards need to raise it up so the big men can bring it back down. If you have big men on your team that are extraordinary at free throw shooting, this becomes sort of like a reverse proposition. But it's not the way you you can't handicap that way. I especially with the way that we have to talk about it on the show. I have to treat this show as though everybody has a relatively average standard roster, meaning your guards do your free throw percent work, your big men bring it back down to earth a little bit. And so there that's the rub with Trey Mann, which makes him a very strong points league ad. So if you're listening to the show and you're playing points leagues, great. Gotta go add him, because you'll get some assists. You'll get some scoring. You you'll get a couple of rebounds here as we saw. There's upside if he starts to actually lead into it or get confident or take some more shots. Points league, yes. You definitely wanna get on board. 9 Cat, I'm very skeptical, very skeptical because his Fantasy game has these absurd holes in it. I mean, this is a dude, and, like, I get it. You know, you can't look at the whole season because he wasn't playing any minutes. But even taking these hyperinflated rebounding and assist numbers, I would say, in Charlotte, and combining the fact that he hasn't shot a free throw yet, which once he does, that will become a small negative that hasn't actually occurred yet. He's still in 31 minutes a game outside the top 150. Meaning, how many minutes do we need this guy to play to get to a top 109 cat valuation? The answer is a number of minutes that are not readily available to most players in the NBA. Like, he'd probably have to play about 35, 36 minutes a game to be a top 109 cat guy because we're gonna need not 10 points per game. We're gonna need more like 12 or 13. We're gonna need 13 points per game. We're gonna need the 8 assists to hold. We're gonna need the rebounds to hold over 5 to cover up for the fact that and he's averaging 1 steal a game because he had a 2 steal game. And steals will probably be fine. My guess is that he can probably push about 1 steal per game. We don't really know. I mean, he had he actually has not blocked a shot this season, so I think we can assume that number is gonna stay relatively low. But steals prior to this year, he's been kind of in that, like if you're saying 30 minutes a game, he should be around 1 steal per ball game. So that'll be fine. That'll be, you know, average. But big negative in field goal percent incoming, small negative in free throws. Probably small negative in 3 pointers or maybe call it league average. The assists, I think, come back down to a more reasonable number in the fours or the rebounds. Excuse me. The assists probably come down from 8 to 6 and change. I just like, he's, I think, right now putting up really good numbers in his first two games with the Hornets, and he's still, you know, near the top 170. And if you're like, damn, maybe the turnovers will come down from 3. If he's the point guard on that team, I don't think the turnovers come down very far from 3. You know, if he's the guy that's initiating a lot of the offense, he's probably gonna be between 2 3 turnovers of all game now. So the way I see it, I think it's gonna be a really hard path for Trey Man to get to top 109 category value. I think he's very much a points league add, and I'd be I mean, I'd be happy to see him prove me wrong. But even if he does, I don't think he's getting much beyond that mark. Like, to in my eyes, a perfect universe gets him to, like, the 85 range in 9 cat, and a more likely universe has him, like we said, more like, you know, 1 50 range guy, bad percentages, needs to do a, ridiculous sum in the other categories. And, you know, I think he might be pretty good in, like, 1, maybe 1a half of them. Alright. Let's start moving through the card a little bit faster now. We spent, like, a solid 10 minutes on this ballgame, maybe even a tiny bit more. But, again, like, these are the guys I wanna talk about. Philly's an easy one right now. You're starting the starters minus KJ Martin, but plus Tobias Harris when he comes back. So Oubre, Buddy Heel, Paul Reed, Tobias, Tyrese, Maxey. Cleveland, you're basically starting the starters. Max Drews is the only question mark there. He had 104 and 4. He's had 2 okay ball games in a row. Hard to trust the shooting, but he is right on the borderline. If you wanted to start him, you start him. If you don't, you don't. I don't think it's gonna make a difference either way at this point. He's, you know, fringy 12 teamer. But Darius Garland had his first good game since coming back from the jaw injury. That's gonna make the by low a little bit harder, but, you know, maybe you can still slip it through. And I maintain that Carries Laverta is a drop. You finally saw the percentages here kick in a little. We move on. Chicago put up a buck 36 on the hawks who don't much care about defense. Iodisumu, 29 points on 18 shots. He came roaring back into the mix. Andre Drummond, just 16 minutes. He did have 7 points and 11 rebounds, but no foul trouble in this one. And I think what we're seeing is that that game where he got 30 minutes off the bench, not the one where he started. That was against Minnesota specifically to deal with Rudy Gobert and Cat. They went big frontcourt. But Drummond did have 30 minutes off the bench in the very next ballgame in kind of a surprise twist, and then hasn't in the last couple. One of them was foul trouble. This one was not. So my take here is that Drummond is probably not gonna be a 30 minute guy or even a mid twenties minutes guy. He's gonna be 16 minutes. And then if everything shapes out excuse me, shakes out right oh, I can't speak today. Then maybe he can get up into the twenties, but in my eyes, that's not enough reason to hold on to him long term. I am dropping Andre Drummond holding to Sunu. And hey. I don't know how many guys were yelling at me earlier this year that that Vooch was washed. I have to, like, bat these things away on the show. Vooch is up to number 42 now, by the way, in per game. That's a solid round and a half now ahead of where he was drafted. He's in the thirties by totals because he's been pretty damn durable again. And he's inside he's a second rounder, over the last month. So, you know, just saying. Also, fellow old man on the Bulls, DeMar DeRozan, is up to 38. Remember when he was in the sixties? Remember when both these guys were in the sixties and I said buy low? It hasn't been like this stunning mega game turnaround. They've just been quietly a little bit better every week for, like, the last 8 weeks in a row, and now they're both blitzing their ADPs. Yep. Wave the flag. Atlanta. Deandre Hunter had 23 points in 28 minutes. He is now almost ramped up to full tilt. Problem, of course, is that we needed one of the usage guys gone for him to actually be consistently producing at this level. And, you know, for that reason, he's not an ad. We've seen Deandre Hunter go through these lava hot stretches where when he gets really, really hot from 2 point land, he can be inside the top 100 for a couple of weeks, and then he goes through a cold spell, and he's back, you know, top 175 range. The interesting thing about Hunter is that he's number 113 on the season, overall despite what I would argue has been kind of an up and down year, especially with the minutes being, deflated a tad. There is a chance that Deandre Hunter ends up with fantasy value. I don't think he's someone that you have to race out and grab. So he's not a big steals and blocks guy. He's generally kind of a, like, good percentages, points some boards kinda dude. Not an exciting Fantasy line. Good free throw percent. We should throw that in there as well. Steals are, threes are a little better this year. He's just you know, we don't Max Struss is kind of a similar type guy. That's probably gonna be hovering right on the edge of 9 cat value. And so do whatever the hell you want. It's not gonna change your team. Other than noting here that as he gets fully revved up, it could finally it could finally finish off Sadik Bey. Met could. I don't think you have to drop him yet. Bey's been warm lately. He was not quite as good in this ballgame, but he's been kinda heating up. For now, you hold Bey a little bit longer. Hunter, keep an eye on it. I mean, this is a excellent ball game. He went 7 for 7 at the free throw line that really helped. The 14 shots were useful as well. If we see the field goal attempts get back up into that, you know, not barely clearing double digits because he's at 10a half on the season right now, but you've also had, you know, 5, 6 of his not that many games have been depressed by, a minutes cap. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Yeah. 5 of them were and even if you call this last one sort of a minutes cap game. But remember, the beginning of the year, he was getting double digit shots in, you know, 3 out of every 4 ball games, basically. And if that's what we can get back to, he can sit maybe right near the edge of the top 100. Wembanyama. Victor. I wanna say Wiktor. I always think of young Frankenstein when I see the name Victor. Wembley had a triple double. It was crazy. 27 points, 14 rebounds, 10 blocks, 2 threes, 5 assists, 2 steals just in case you needed other stuff. Who cares about the 7 turnovers? This is an absurd basketball game. Wendy's number 12 in 9 cat. He is really, at this point, like, one good game away, from passing who the hell is right in front of him? Lowry Markkanen. He's probably 2 good games away from passing Kyrie Irving, although Kyrie at least is is playing again. I I honestly, I'm blown away at how fast Wembanyama made the adjustment to the NBA game. And his tanking team, which successfully pulled off the pre tank, can now just sort of accidentally win some ball games. Because the Spurs well, they're I mean, that bottom 3, but they're not very far behind the Hornets. I guess they don't wanna win all that many. But they accidentally won 1 here. Jeremy Soehan was a little bit better. Try to move him if you can after a decent ballgame. I'm gonna I'll ride that horse until the legs fall off. But you guys don't care about this team. Trey Jones is a hold. Vassell's a hold. Nobody cares about Kelvin Johnson anymore. We move on to the Toronto side where there is some stuff to discuss. Jakob Poeltl, only 20 minutes. Kelly Olynyk, 21 minutes. Bruce Brown, 31. Grady Dick, 22. RJ Barrett, 24. Gary Trent, 22. Emmanuel Quickley, 25. Scottie Barnes, 30. In a game that was a blowout, so the minutes were a little bit screwball. Also, worth pointing out, Scottie Barnes, number 22 in 9 cat right now. Tyrese Maxey, number 24. These guys that are gonna get lauded as the best picks of the year have been kinda quietly trending the wrong way lately. And by the way, they are some of the best picks of the year. But, that guy that went in the forties, fifties, sixties that hasn't completely fallen off yet is Chet Holmgren, oddly enough. And, anyway, back to the Raptors. So I don't think we can take a ton away from this game because it was over early as evidenced by the fact that Quickley and Barrett only got minutes in the mid twenties. But what I do wanna point out is that Kelly Olynyk in his 2 games in Toronto has been a a fantasy force, and his minutes haven't been all that high yet. So there's kinda 2 things that I'm fighting with inside my own head. First of all, before we even get to Kelly Olynyk, you guys can safely drop Gary Trent. I don't think there's gonna be enough usage there, so what's the point of pushing it? He'll be borderline at best. Quickley, you hold on to. I took a lot of flack for saying that Quickley was not gonna be, inside the top 75 with the Raptors, and I don't think he is. I think he's outside the top 100. The, percentages, he's not a great foul shooter, so he's not gonna, like, really lift you up there. Field goal percent has always been low. It's lower than low right now. But this is the stuff you're worried about. Like, there was never a guarantee that he was gonna just go get, like, 20 shots a ball game. That's why he was a sell high immediately after the trade. Anyway, that's not what you guys you didn't come to hear me talk about that. Gary Trent was a name we were watching. I think we can probably move on from him. Pirtle, you're holding. People are like, what should I do? You're holding because it's been 2 games with the new pieces, and one of them was a blowout. So if you're like, if you really want the answer to that question, you're not gonna get it in 1 and a half games of data with the new players in Toronto. Toronto played a bunch of guys that, like, the deep bench in this one. How many players did they use? 15 or no. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 13? They go 13 deep here. Am I counting that right? Fast. So Bruce Brown got 31 minutes. I don't fully understand why. He's not a fantasy ad, which brings us to Olinnick as the will he or won't he. You guys know my love for Kelly Olinnick's fantasy game is unparalleled. It is unbridled. I have there's no bridle on my Kelly Olynyk love, especially on the Roto side. This is the this is the magic. This is the magic of Kelly Olynyk. He's played 22 and 21 minutes in his 2 games in Toronto. And in those 2 games, he's averaged 14 points, 5 and a half rebounds, 2 and a half assists, 3 steals, half a block, a 3 pointer on 50% shooting and a perfect 100 at the free throw line. Kelly Olynyk and you guys don't need me to lecture you on this. You guys know because we've like, this podcast for years has been the the Kelly Olynyk power hour, and there's no reason that that's gonna stop anytime soon. He's a fantasy monster when he's not being fully marginalized like he was in Miami, basically, and to a certain degree like he was in Detroit. Utah, let him be Olinic. Houston, let him be Olinic. Houston, let him be Kelly plus. There was nobody else there. He went crazy. Utah let him be sort of like regular version Kelly, and he was good. Like, short term memory is is a mess these days. Do you guys remember that last year, Kelly Olynyk was a top 100 guy in 9 Cat in Utah? We just kept thinking they were gonna fully pull the plug on him, and they never did. Last season, he averaged 12 and a half points, 6 boards, 4 assists, a steal half a block, 1 and a half three pointers on 50, 85 splits. He was good. He was legitimately good last year. He was just inside the top 100, and he was, like, average to slightly above average in almost everything. But that was also 28 minutes. So that's the thing we have to sort of keep in the back of our minds. This year, Olinik is playing 20 minutes a game, and he's inside the top 140 because he's shooting 56% from the field. That's an unsustainable number. If you bring that back down to 50 or even just slightly above 50, he falls back more towards, you know, top 1 50, top 1 60 range. So long term or even medium term, is 21 minutes actually enough for Olinik to do the kind of damage we need him to do in Toronto? The answer to that question is no. Much as I'd love to say that Kelly can average 14, 6, and 3 with, you know, whatever he's at right now, 3 defensive stats, a ball game, and perfect free throw shooting in 21 and a half minutes, he can't. Believe me. I want him to. I want him to average those numbers more than anything in the universe, but 21 minutes is not gonna be enough. We need to find a way to get him to 24 or 25 because we can assume, I think, in Toronto that his job there is gonna be a little bit bigger than it was in Utah. Not by a ton. Toronto still has plenty of guys that are gonna be doing usage stuff, but he's effectively when he's on the floor for the Raptors, he's kind of the point guard. Like, the fact that he's getting 3 assists a ball game in 20 minutes is not crazy. And in fact, you might even see that number trend up a little bit. You had extra Bruce Brown in yesterday's ball game. Scottie Barnes, point forward, Bruce Brown, point wing, and then Olynyk, point center are kind of like the 3 ball movers on Toronto right now. And I don't know that they want Scottie Barnes to have to be that guy. I think they'd rather him just go be aggressive, Be aggressive. Let's sneak that in there. What am I doing? Get to the point, Dan. I'm speculatively adding him. I don't see the world's clearest path to 25 minutes for Olinnick, but it's not invisible. It's can he play alongside Jakob Poeltl and Scottie Barnes? They could try it. How many minutes do the Raptors wanna shoehorn into the Grady dick bucket? Be careful, Dan. It's probably not wise to say dick bucket in a row on a podcast. We're talking about a player here, freak people. Don't be dirty. What about Bruce Brown? I know it didn't move him. How much are they gonna play him? Yeah. The $20,000,000 option on next year that like, what? That dude got paid for being the perfect facilitator on Denver. So I don't know is the short answer to is this gonna pan out. But what I do know is that if it does, I wanna be there for it. The nice thing is on the head to head side, Olenek's not gonna hurt you. Play him in head to head even he own even if he only gets 20 minutes in a ballgame. He's still gonna compile you some numbers in, you know, 5, 6 different categories and not hurt you in the percentages, which is also lovely. Roto against the games cap, probably stick him on your bench. Dendra Milwaukee was, low on fantasy story lines other than KCP coming back too early from his hammy. He'll be out through the all star break now. Jamal Murray left, with tibia inflammation. That's not a great sign. He'll, I'm sure, be out through the all star break as well. You're not making any ads here unless you badly wanna try to wedge a Reggie Jackson, you know, like, 14, 15 point 4 assist, nothing else, Fantasy Line into the brief period here before the all star break. When does Denver play again? Tomorrow? Yeah. They got Sacramento tomorrow. High scoring game. So, yeah, I mean, Reggie might put up some numbers in that one, but don't blow a roster move on that on the head to head side. And frankly, I don't know that the roto side is even worth What you will get is bonus Nikola Jokic, bonus Aaron Gordon, and bonus Michael Porter junior for a game, and that's probably the more fun actual fantasy fallout from those small injuries. Buckside, Khris Middleton remains out. Malik Beasley is your 3 pointers stream. I wouldn't go much farther than that. Jae Crowder is in there and starting, but he's a fantasy disaster. And then Pat Connaughton is picking up some bench minutes, but he's also a bit of a fantasy nothing. So there you go. Beasley, if you badly need threes, but probably you don't need them that badly. We gotta move a little faster, don't we? We're 36 minutes into this thing. But, hey, before we get to New Orleans, because I know you guys want my opinion on Herb Jones. Before we get to New Orleans and Memphis, this is a perfect time mid show to remind you guys because the the live viewership here also has picked up quite a lot, in the last 15, 20 minutes. Hey. Check out our buddies over atmanscaped.com. Use promo code ethos 20. Ethos20@manscaped.com to get 20% off your order and free shipping. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. 20% off your order and free shipping. I thought I sent a tweet out, and I feel like it vanished. Where did it go? Did I delete it by accident? Well, in any event, that doesn't really matter. MANSCAPED again, that promo code is ETHOS 20. ETHOS 20. 20% off and a free shipping on your order over there. Get a handyman or get a lawnmower. That stuff is good, man. I like, I keep saying it. You're not gonna have to get electric facial hair trimming stuff ever again, so stop screwing around, and just go get your stuff atmanscape.com. Also, there's a big live viewership here for a regular recap show. Hi, everybody. Find me over on social. If you're watching on social, just hit the follow button. If you're watching on YouTube live, come on over at Dan Besbris, d a n b e s b r I s. D a n b e s b r I s. Also, check the show description. All the links are floating around in there that you might need. We've got our free Discord link in there where you can get some of our my tweet storms. You've got the links to Manscaped. You got the links to ExpressVPN. Lots of good stuff in the show description. And, again, please, please, please, please, please, was that 5 or 6 of them? Like, rate, subscribe. Please go hit that button. Mid show, after the show, whatever you gotta do, and then subscribe is the biggest thing because we put out content all the time. All the time. I'm trying to make sure that I have 6 shows or more every week this season. I think I've generally hit that mark. So hang out with me here. Hit the subscribe button. Like something, whether it's on YouTube or Spotify or Itunes or Twitter or whatever. All of that stuff matters. Let's talk about New Orleans Memphis. Herb Jones is hot, ladies and gentlemen. He's heating up. He's warm. He's an ad. When Herb is warm, he's an ad. He's one of those really interesting fantasy players that when he's cold, he is, like it's just you you can't even bear it. But when he's hot, holy mackerel. Remember the beginning of this year? Top 30 run? And it was, like, a month of that. If he's hot now, you gotta make sure you're on that train. So pick him up. Herb Jones is an ad right now. Get him. Not just because of this big ball game. Also, Dyson Daniels torn meniscus out for a while. He wasn't someone that you guys were starting, but him being out means that they need Herb more. So this actually does solidify his minutes a little bit in a way. They're not that they necessarily needed to be solidified, because he was gonna play a lot regardless. But now, I mean, minutes, even safer, and he's hot. Herb is an ad. Trey Murphy, not really. Not really. By the way, this does and look. Like, I'd be lying if I said that there were wasn't a certain satisfaction for me after spending all of last season trying to convince you guys on Twitter, that Trey Murphy was a great fill in fantasy option, and everybody was like, shut up, Dan. Take him off your fill in board. That's disrespectful. And I was like, not really. Like, we haven't seen him post consistent top 100 numbers when all of the big usage guys are healthy. He was top 60 range last year, but Brandon Ingram's eye on, sometimes both, were out. McCollum was out for a while. Like, the big Trey Murphy games come when a usage guy is out or when Herb is out and his minutes are just big enough to sustain it. This year, 125 range with the team healthy. Glad to tell you guys last year, nobody believed me. Some of you believed me, but also it felt like nobody. I got yelled at so much for just leaving Trey Murphy on the injury replacement board last year because he still hadn't convinced me that he was a value when the team was healthy. So the grizzlies are messy. Vince Williams junior is a play because he gets 30 some odd minutes. Obviously, j j j when he's upright, he's a play. Scottie Pippen has the whole, you know, two way contract thing going on. He actually hurt his back in this ballgame. When he's starting, Pippen is a play, but you kinda have to spot play because you don't know when he's actually gonna use up one of his his two way days. And then Santi Aldama is the only other one in my eyes that's really all that close. Gigi Jackson, was out for this game for violating a team rule. He's playable on the points league side. I don't think Gigi is a guy for 9 cat. Aldama remains a question mark. I remain somewhat hopeful, but then he comes out and shoots 2 for 9. Like, that's that's the that's the rub with Aldama. We know his percentages are not gonna be helpful. What we don't know is how unhelpful they're going to be. And I know I'm repeating myself. I don't want to. Look. The short version is if he's, you know, 4575, his splits, he'll be a 9 cap play. If he's 42 and 62, he won't. And right now, he's closer to 42 and 62. But, also, how many guys have his fantasy appeal and are suddenly gonna get 30 minutes a game out there? Not that many. Also, grizzlies added, Jordan Goodwin mentioned this on yesterday's podcast. Keep an eye on him in their next ball game. It's a 10 dayer, so it would be a short term thing, at least to start. But we know he has excellent fantasy game. So, one eye on Jordan Goodwin. Dante DiVincenzo heard a hamstring. Why? Oh, I don't know. Maybe because the Knicks have been playing everybody 45 minutes a game for the last 3 weeks. Timbs is breaking people, man. He's breaking with it. He's breaking his toys. It's what he always does. He's like that kid that just plays a little too hard with his toys. Anyway, you'll hold on to Vincenzo until we find out, how severe this thing is, and plus you got the all star break coming up. Hold on Josh Hart. Hold on Precious Chachua. Don't pick up Jericho Sims, because Hartenstein is close. Burks is a drop. Boy on Bogdanovic, probably a drop. As we mentioned yesterday, I called him a temp hold, because I wanted to see what his role would look like with the team there. If Divincenzo has to miss the next ball game, you might be able to squeeze, you know, one good game out of Bogdanovic. Even then, I'm not entirely sure. But he's going to trend towards a drop at some point. Question is how long do you wanna give him before you pull the trigger on that? On the Houston side, Ahman Thompson filling in for Freddie VanVleet. And and as much as it pains me to say this, and Dillon Brooks also filling in for Freddie VanVleet. Brooks is getting a lot of shots right now. Sometimes that's a bad thing for him, but overall, he's making enough of them in the Freddie VanVleet absence to be a fantasy stream. So you've got 2 streamables in Thompson and Brooks until VanVleet comes back who will be reevaluated after the all star break. Wizards. Hey, Tyus Jones. Career high 16 assists for sweet sweet Tyus. Sweet sweet Tyus. Somehow he only stayed. He didn't move up. He was number 59 coming into this ballgame, and he left at number 59. It's harder to move up and down the board right now when we're this far into the season. Marvin Bagley, 12 and 13 in 28 minutes. This is why we said to hold because there was just no way he was gonna play 15 minutes a game, and they were gonna go all Denny Abdi at center because, frankly, there are some teams out there that are too big for that. Mavs happened to be one of them. So Bagley got almost starters minutes. You guys know I hate his fantasy game, but if he's gonna get 28 to 35 minutes of all game, then he's gonna end up being a start. So hold on. See what happens. Again, no guarantee that it works, but see what happens. Give it a little longer. Bilal, no. Been trying to warn you guys about this for a long time. Avdiya, he had a bad shooting or free throw and turnover game. This is kinda what happened to him late last year, but he's a hold right now because he is getting some small ball center minutes. That's good. Corey Kispert has cooled off. You can go ahead and drop him. I mean, I like the fact that he's still trying to get 10, 11 shots up per ball game. That's good. But his fantasy game doesn't support holding on to him when he's cold to wait for the warm spells. Daniel Gafford, PJ Washington both started for the Mavs yesterday. PJ has clunky fantasy appeal, so he, as I mentioned, I think is a drop. Gafford, 24 minutes, which, I mean, honestly, it could've been more. But what am I gonna get greedy? Sixteen points, 17 rebounds, 2 steals, 5 blocks. You can call it a revenge game if you want, but, honestly, he just fits with Doncic and Irving. He can attack the rim pretty similarly to the way, Derek Lively can, but he's a better defender, and he's not gonna make as many mistakes. So, you got 3 guys you can start on the Mavs right now. Luca, Kyrie, and Gafford. Those are your 3. A lot of folks again, this is another one. A lot of a lot of people asking me on Twitter if I thought Gafford would ever start for the Mavs. And if anybody watched my trade deadline show, I said I thought he'd start almost immediately. Well, Warriors blew out the Jazz. Dubs are playing better. Jazz are playing worse. Utah has again kind of leaned into the not it's not a full tank, obviously, because moving a baji and a linic is not like you unloaded your best guys. But part of what made the Jazz so appealing when they went on that hot run was that they had all these different lineup combos they could use. And Olenek was a glue guy in a lot of them. So they gotta find and we'll come back to the warriors. Let's talk Utah first. We gotta find the Utah Jazz duo someone that can be a connector in that same way, and I don't know that they have that guy. Chris Dunn is probably your closest thing, but he's not a floor spacer. So who's gonna be the point guard? Is it gonna be Collin Sexton? Because he's not really a point guard. Is it gonna be Keontae George? Because he's probably too young to do it. I think Utah is gonna feel this impact. Well, the good news is John Collins is gonna put up numbers. He wasn't that great in this ballgame, but it'll be fine. Walker Kessler is going to finally put up big numbers. Enjoy this run. Collin Sexton, keep playing him. Jordan Clarkson showing signs of waking back up again. This could be sort of, like, the next little mini heater for him after that big downturn. You're not picking up THT. You you're not picking up Taylor Hendrix. I don't know where the Taylor Hendrix Twitter stuff was coming from. And then Keontae George, I've been out on for a long time. You can keep one eye on him. Keep one eye on Chris Dunn also just to see if any consistency forms, but there hasn't been so far. So over on the warriors side, we said hold Klay Thompson. He bounced back. Hold Andrew Wiggins. He's been okay. Hold Draymond, obviously, it's Steph. Jonathan Kuminga showing signs of slowing down after his world beating 3 month long mega heater. That was just, like, the most obvious sell high moment on planet Earth, he'll be fine. He'll be a top 100 guy the rest of the way or maybe even a little bit better, but you probably could have gotten, like, a top 60 dude when he was really cooking at, like, a first, second round pace for 3 weeks. Now that'll be harder. And then Brandon Podgemski is the other one. I think he's probably trending towards a drop in many formats, and a lot of that's because Gary Payton came back, and he's gonna ramp up because he's their best defender, wing defender at least outside of Draymond who's you know, he's always gonna be the anchor on that side. So Payton's gonna get some minutes as his body solidifies, and, a bunch of other guys are gonna give him some of those minutes. And some are gonna come from Podgemski, who was close. Now if someone is hurt, like, if Klay takes a game off or if Wiggins needs a game off or whatever and Podgemski gets a start, in my eyes, that's probably when it goes back. So maybe downgraded to a fill in level dude, And that's probably why I'd leave it on Brandon. And the last one before we wrap it up for the day, Minnesota blew out the Clippers in a game that had this many fantasy angles. Goose egg. These two teams have nothing. Evita Zubac didn't have as many minutes in this one, mostly because he was getting run off the court. Not run off the court. That's not the right expression. He was just getting played off the court by Cat and Gobert. They were just better, but he was still fine. Zubac belongs on rosters as a low end center. He'll be in that kind of Nick Richards department. And, otherwise, there's just nothing. Jaden McDaniels left early again. I think he ended up making it through, but, he'll be in and out of the lineup a little bit coming up here. And, you know, Naz Reed gets a small bump when he's out, and Slo Mo gets a small bump when McDaniels is out. But nothing that, like, tips the scale so much that you have to act on it immediately. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is a show that took longer than I expected it to, but we went super in-depth on some of those, recently traded guys. I think that's honestly what everybody wanted me to talk about. One question in the chat room was about Peyton Watson on Denver. He's a possibility to be interesting for a game. Yeah. I mean, I I would consider it. Problem is that going into the all star break, I don't know if he's gonna be good in their game tomorrow. And it's not like you can say, oh, well, maybe we, like, take a game and see how it goes and then pick him up, because then they have a week off. And, presumably, Jamal Murray will be back. Maybe KCP is back on the other side of that, and then we've picked up a guy and didn't even really get to use him. So I would probably watch someone like a Peyton Watson on Wednesday. And then if we come out of the all star break and the same guys are still out for Denver, then you maybe make that swap, like, next Wednesday or next Thursday morning or something. But that's my hesitation to dive in, right now. That's a good question on, on Peyton Watson. Here's a fun question we can ask at the end. Who is the sexiest player in the NBA, and why is it Davis Bertans? Bertans? I don't know, man. Why is it Davis Bertans? We'll leave that one for the chat room. Is Davis love coming through? Maybe it's the sweet, like, pseudo comb over thing for a guy who doesn't need to sweep his hair over like that. Just wait, Davis. You're only 31. The hair will continue to thin, and then you can really bring in the comb over. You know what? Maybe people like Davis Bertans because he looks like, what was that toy called? Was it called Willy Willy? Was that the toy where you could magnetize a beard and hair and, like, the easiest thing to do was always just to put a beard and then loop it around at the top? And that's what Davis looks like to me, because he's got, like, the hair that goes into the fade and then comes right back to the beard. So it's like hair, not hair. Hair. Cartoonish. It is cartoonish. So, yeah, I think that's that. 50 minutes feels like enough, doesn't it? All star break coming up. What the hell are we gonna talk about over the all star break? I'm gonna come up with some ideas, man. But I guess you guys don't listen to, me talk through that on air. I'm Dan Vesperis. Thanks for watching, everybody. Please do hit a like or a subscribe button on your way out. Find me over on social at Dan Vesperis. This is Fantasy NBA Today. A sportsethos.compresentation might have a second show this afternoon. But again, with the all star break, I'm more than likely to save those shows for the days without games. That's right. I gotta I have to budget my shows this week. In the meantime, I smooch you all. Hugs and kisses, everybody.