Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I did this one a little bit different today. You guys normally that watch this show, you know, I start with, like, 30 seconds of silence. Everybody just looking at a thumbnail while I'm trying to catch my breath over here, but not today. Not today. Today is a very special episode of Fantasy NBA Today. It's legends of fantasy basketball day on the show. I am joined by hall of famer, FSWA, hall of famer, Steve Alexander, doctor a, the great Aaron Bruschi as well. But, Steve, doc, I gotta start the show with just a huge congratulations, man. That is absolutely awesome. Well deserved. And, you know, I, obviously, Brew has stories to tell. I'm on the the other side of things, which is I grew up reading your stuff. Like, you guys work together, but I read your guys' stuff. And this is like, the 2 of you are probably the 2 largest reasons that I ended up playing fantasy basketball and then winning at fantasy basketball and now hosting a freaking podcast, what kind of a life is this, about fantasy basketball? So, congratulations, and also thank you from those of us that, that grew up on you, man. An honor well deserved. Well, thank you. It's pretty cool. The the announcement came out last Thursday right when Kamla and I were in the middle of, doing a podcast. And, if there's one fantasy basketball pioneer that I think should be in the hall of fame, it's it's Rick Kamla. I mean, he had a he had a NBA basketball fantasy show that was live 5 nights a week on NBA TV at 1 o'clock in the morning after the games are over 30 years ago before Matthew Berry happened, before ESPN ever uttered the word fantasy, before anyone did. And, so I've always I always felt like he and I if I was gonna get in, I wanted to go in at the same time with him or felt like he should be in front of me. So, so the fact that the news came out, you know, I got a email from Andy Barrons. He's like, dude, you're in the hall of fame. And I was like, oh my god. And, I wanted to, like, start talking about it and be like, hey, guys. I'm in the hall of fame, but I didn't wanna, like, I didn't wanna, like, disrespect Chandler or hurt his feelings or anything. So I was I was I didn't say a word about it. I just moved on and, waited till it was over, and then kinda just sent a tweet you know, retweeted the tweet that they sent. But it's been cool because I've done a couple podcasts since then, and and it's cool having people, congratulate me, give me props. And I I mean, it's like I say, any any hall of fame you get put into as long as it's not, like, for being a world famous poop your pants guy or something is is a That was a That's a that's a perfect reference of the day. He's he's alluding to my personal life over the last two and a half weeks over here. Brew, I mean, it was his best friends. Like, Brew, for you, this is watching your mentor go into the hall of fame. That's gotta be kind of a cool thing to watch happen. It it it was it was great, because, obviously, Steve deserves it, you know, as much as anybody out there. And, to see him get his props is is exactly what I would wanna see. It's a really exclusive hall of fame too. You know, I don't know the names off the top of my head, but every time I see the names for that hall of fame, it's heavies in the industry who have moved the needle massive, you know, massively. And so, you know, to see Steve get this, it's it's well deserved, and and I think it's kinda overdue. I mean, especially when you consider what Steve just said about Rick Kamala. Fantasy basketball is a huge sport, and, you know, back in the day, that wasn't the case. You know? I remember when we would get those emails, Steve, that they're like, hey, guys. You guys are just crushing it in in new ways. And that was always awesome because it used to be kind of a 2 horse race with football and baseball, and then basketball just kinda surged and overtook baseball a little bit. Don't know how that's doing in, you know, the the competition between the sports, but it's been great to just see Steve get his props. And, you know, back in the day, there was I mean, it was a lot different, but, there was this commitment to excellence that I picked up on immediately as I was told sort of early on. You know? Hey, man. You gotta really pick up the pace here or you might not make it. Those guys at Roto World were just flat out studs, and Steve was one of the core groups that that created that. So, to see Steve get his props to me, not only was it great for Steve, but I thought it was great for just sort of this, like, throwback era of super studs that would be up all night blurbing like, trying to find the blurb faster than anybody else and just trying to make sure that the writing is better than anybody else. Bru, what was it, bru, what was it like coming in and being taught by the likes of doctor a? Oh, man. First of all, I was humbling. I I I I mean, I did great in writing in school and, you know, like, I thought I could write. And then I got in there and I was like, oh my god. I can't write. Like, I might not make it. And, you know, there was speed requirements. There was, you know, the the the word count needed to be way less than I was always cranking out these long sentences. And, so, it was very humbling, and then I realized quickly that, yeah, I did need to improve quite a bit. And then, at that point, it was just, really about hard work. And and we would kinda, like, fight each other to see who could do which which games to blurb and things like that. And, it was just great to be in that environment where, you know, everybody was super excited to do the work. And, we were and we were young, and we were we were like animals, dude. Like, I like, I I look back at some of the stuff you did and some of the stuff I did, and you more so than me. I mean, I think you probably blew out both your wrist, just on daily doses alone Uh-huh. Which we was right in the middle of the night, you know, and they had to be ready for the morning. It it was in it was an insane insane endeavor. And you're right, man. The the weird thing about trying to write blurbs like we wrote them back then, and it's it's still true in a lot of places today is, yeah, you know how to write, and, yeah, you're kind of a good typist and and whatever. But if you combine this marathon, you know, writing 90 blurbs in 1 night as fast as you freaking can, literally, without making any mistakes and keeping them short and sweet, but from, you know, conveying a message. It's one of the hardest things there is to do. Yeah. You know, on the on the reader side of of that end of things, I would and Roto World, I don't know if they still do this on the site, but it would auto refresh every 90 seconds, the feed on Roto World. So I just had a browser window open, and it would refresh every 90 seconds. Whatever you maniacs were doing over there, there'd be, like, 2 or 3 more blurbs that would pop up. So, for those that are that are not aware that are maybe watching or newer to the game, the blurb is just the news bite where something happens in fantasy and then an analysis of what that means for folks that were playing. I found this before anybody else in my league did. These were the days when there could be, like, 1 guy in a fantasy league who knew that Rota world existed, and I just could clean the board. Nobody wanted to play with me. Nobody everybody refused to trade with me. It was this whole thing. Other I had cousins that were bringing me in to help run their team, and they're, like, how are you doing this? I'm, like, I I can't tell you. Because that's the also, the idiotic side of this is when one person finds a source that they trust, they don't wanna tell anybody else about it because then they lose their advantage. But, Steve, I wanted to turn this thing around. What was it like for you watching Brew come in as, a young, Buck who probably thought he had everything figured out and then getting to crush him for a few months while he figured it out? Well, I don't I don't don't enjoy crushing people. So but but he I mean, I remember I remember even even as Brew figured it out and and got really good, he still could not help but write a 7,000 word daily dose. And he fought with me and and the other's powers to be until the until he went down with the ship. Like, like, he's collecting emails and data about how people like longer daily doses. And I I fought that for a while too because if you sit down and write what used to be a daily dose, they don't exist anymore. But it was a recap of the night in a column form, and the idea was something that someone can go into here here here we go with the theme of the day again. Somebody can take this into the stall at work and read it in 5 4 or 5 minutes and get all the info they need to know and then move on with their life. You're dramatically undershooting how much time Didn't we get emails of people who said, yeah. I would take Bruce daily dose into the bathroom for a half hour? That's what I'm saying. You're you guys are dramatically under People would take full sick days. I can tell you definitively. Bruce, you were there in, like, 08. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I worked for a minor league baseball team in Visalia that year, and my colleagues knew that when I took my laptop and I left the front office, I was going to read a fancy article on the toilet, and it was probably this guy's damn thing, because then I was gone for, like, 45 minutes. Like, I I mean, I'm sure he's fine. There's only, like, 1 bathroom in a minor league baseball stadium. But, that I I I think that's Bruce, is that what eventually became the Bruschi breakdown? Yeah. We had, I guess, rebranded because It was too goddamn long. And, Yeah. No. And I we fought all the time with that, and, I I really struggled with this. Like, I'd have people who are like, yeah, man. More. You know? Hey. 10,000 is not enough. I need 15. And then, you know, there's actually there's a market for both. There's the people that wanna get it. It's like you know? And and I just couldn't do it the other way. And they tried, and I tried. I remember one time I think I tried, and I, I I might have mailed that one in. But, like But going going back to your original question, like, Bruce, he came in, and he was he was he was young. He was eager. He really wanted to work with us, and you could tell it right away. You could tell he was good. You could tell he knew his stuff. And he he was a good writer, and he was a good blurb writer. But, like, anybody you're training how to do that, it it's just it takes a little bit of time to figure it out and to to hone it down. And, you know, the first blurb I ever wrote, for Roadworld is probably, like, right like, the year 2000 on a Tuesday night. It was a Dirk Nowitzki blurb. And Dirk, you know, I hadn't spoken to anyone on the phone or anyone in person at Rotorworld. And for those of you who don't know, I I've started I was employee, like, number 9 at Rotorworld. It was a very tiny independent website in the year 2000 that I started working for. It grew over time. It got bought by NBC. I was there for 20 years. Now I'm with RotoWire, which was actually around before Roto World, and ESPN and a few other things. So we're talking about something that happened a long time ago. But back to my point, Matthew Poulliot emailed me. I we were emailing, and I said, I wanna work. I wanna write blurbs for Runner World. He's like, okay. And after a few weeks of this, he's like, okay. Tuesday night, you can write write up the Dallas game. I was like, okay. What do I do? He's like, here's a link. Here's a password. Good luck. He was like, okay. And, that was it. That was my training. And so I Dirk Nowinski had, like, 20 5 points, 8 rebounds, 6 assists, couple threes, nothing fancy. So I get in and I write this Dirk Nowinski blurb saying just that. And he's like he he emails me back the next day. He's going through all my blurbs. He emails me back. He's like, why'd you write up Dirk Nowitzki? What made you decide what made you think that was a good idea? I was like, well, he's Dirk Nowitzki. I mean, people wanna read about him. He's on my fantasy team. I wanna read I wanna read about him. He's like, what is anyone gonna get a blurb that wasn't in the box score? And I'm like, nothing. He's like, what stands out about that game from Nowitzki? I go, nothing. He did exactly what he does every single night. He goes, don't blurb those guys. And it's, you know, I I mean, it's just and I'm sure I said the same thing to to Bruski after his 1st day. Like, why did you blurb Josh Smith? Well, you you know what's crazy? So, like, my first I think my first blub blurb was a Kevin Love blurb, and then I chose to put comedy into it and said that he had love handles. And that was, like, kinda came back with, like, a groan, like, yeah. Yeah. I don't know about that one. Okay. But then the next one was, like, a CJ Watson at Golden State in their heyday of being the 1st pace team out there. And I I I I think I made CJ Watson 3rd string instead of 2nd string in my blurb. And doc got, like, 50 emails or something. Like, what, you know, what what what's going on here? And that's when I was like, oh my god. The power of this place. Like, you make one little mistake in a blurb, and 50 emails get generated. You know, everybody's concerned about the backup point guard at Golden State, you know, for their 12th slot in the roster. That was that was wild to me. It was like, man, you know, I really need to be on my game. And then in my first couple months, anytime I felt like I felt if I made a mistake that Rick Kamla was going to weigh in somehow and, you know, that I was gonna get some feedback from Rick Kamla somehow. And then the people, you know, we mentioned, like, the first 9 employees or whatever at Rotor World back then, those guys were super engaged. So if, and they were never, you know, bleeps, you know, assholes about or whatever. You know, like, everybody was super cool about everything that I'll describe here, but, like, if something wasn't right within about 2 minutes, you would hear about it from whoever. Whether it was Steve or even just like Greg Rosenthal or, you know, whoever up the chain was sorta on watching the the whole website, you would hear about it. And this there was just this commitment to quality that it made such a difference in my career. Like when when I started doing journalistic stuff, the fact that I could piece together writing so quickly and write, like, articles full of mini blurbs, when I got to journalism and and stuff like that, like, writing became the easy part. It was because of all those dudes. But, yeah, no blurbs early on. I didn't think I was gonna make it. I really didn't. Steve Thanks for keeping me around. Steve, this is sort of a weird question because I I I I I I don't know that it's a fair question necessarily to ask, but do you look at your career and and and feel certain things knowing that you really did help kinda create the fantasy basketball universe that we all live in now? I mean, is this something that you're, like, aware of? Because we can all say it to you, but for you, I feel like you're probably just like, yeah. This is my life. Yeah. There there's certain, there's certain things that happen in your life where you feel like at the time, man, I got in I got in too late. I didn't get in on the ground floor. I'm, like, I missed the 1st pavement record for me is a big one. Like, I didn't get in pay into pavement until, like, right at the end of the slanted enchanted run, and I feel like I was super late. But in the and same with the pixies. Like, I missed the 1st pixies record, but then I found them on the 2nd pixies record. Looking back on that now, even though I was late, I was still one of the first people there. And I and I felt like when I found RotoWorld, which I wanted to go back to that real quick because nobody like, when you found RotoWorld, you did not wanna tell anybody else about it because no one knew about it. It was like this underground, little tiny website that was doing something nobody else was doing and just cranking out all this info, and you just had nonstop access to information that that you didn't really know how to go find because the Internet was so new. So my buddy, John Dishener, actually, who I played with in the my first basketball fantasy league, which is probably in 1992, It's like, dude, you gotta check out this site called Roto World. And I was like, why? He's like, you just gotta you just gotta check it out. And I checked it out, and it was like, ah, you know, it's like, this is insane. I'm and and so I just started going there and and, like, maybe the site refreshed on its own every 90 seconds, but a lot of us would just sit there and hit refresh. And, you know, he blurb to pop up all the time. And I don't even know how Matthew Cooley was doing that, but, by himself. But, so, yeah, I didn't wanna tell anybody about it. So the fact that John Dishinger even told me about it, so I knew it was there, blew me away. And then, you know, Matthew Berry was on the site at that time, and he was the talented mister Roto. And he was he was writing stuff, and he was obviously a good writer, and he was doing a a column every week. And I was like, man, I wanna be I wanna be like that guy. So I I need a I need a cool nickname. So me and my buddy came up with doctor a instead of doctor j, which I don't know how cool that is, but it certainly stuck. And everybody in my town I live in right now, nobody calls me Steve. Everybody calls me doc. Yeah. And and, it just built from there. And, but, yeah, once I found once I found that website, I did not tell anyone about it. I was like, no. This is mine. These these are my guys. But even My guys my guys are telling me to draft Eddie Curry. You know? Oh, man. Or whatever. But it it was just it was just a cool time. And, you know, I don't know that I'm I'm that great of a writer. I don't know that I'm that great of a fantasy analyst. But I think I I I was pretty good, back in the day, and I'm still I'm still I'm still good enough. But it helps being first. You know? And it helps being the guy in on the ground floor because I was able to take basketball at a time like Bruce, he was talking about. Well, guys, there's football and then there's baseball, and they're kinda they're the big 2. You know, you're just a basketball guy. And and basketball always got disrespected back then. And to some extent, it still does today. You know? Most 50 year old white guys are like, couldn't pay me to watch that garbage. They don't play defense. Get give me Larry Bird and Michael Jordan or give me death. You know? And that's sort of the attitude out there today still, but it's such an international international game. And it and it was cool that I kinda took that personally. Like, oh, it's just basketball. Well, My blurbs are gonna be better than the baseball blurbs. Nice job taking the, the Michael Jordan meme there and and applying it to to to fantasy basketball. You took that personally. I'm gonna I'm gonna tailor this thing to the average fantasy basketball player that's out there. And I'm gonna write blurbs that tell him what happened, who to pick up, what the impacts are. Like, every pertinent tip I can get. Because there's nothing worse than reading a fantasy blurb and and having it not tell you what to do by the end of it. Yeah. The actionable side. Was that the so I I didn't really I got into fantasy basketball, I think, in, like, 2000 or 2001. And so I don't really I didn't really know a time where I was, like, on a website that was giving me information that didn't have something actionable. My my introduction to fantasy basketball info on the Internet was you and your team. And that and the having that actionable element was that you feel the thing that took fantasy basketball online it to where it is now to, like, everybody's got their source. It feels like I'm sure there's still novices out there. They're not, but they're probably not watching a fantasy basketball podcast in mid January, but they're out there someplace. But it feels like everybody has a source now. And back then, not everybody had a source. Yeah. And I the basketball blurbs weren't that different from the baseball blurbs or the football blurbs that that I was reading. But at times, they were. And I was like, I wanna make them perfect every single time. And I think that's that what Bruce, he was talking about, the drive that we had to just crank out these perfect blurbs, was overwhelming. And, to to answer your your actual question there, rodent world was sort of my first experience reading blurbs on the in Internet too. So, I mean, that was what I knew as well because we got in about the same time. There you go. Yeah. It it was Cyber. I mean, I kinda have the same experience when I found Rota World. I I remember kinda just, like, driving on a long drive, some random trip and and realizing that in my hand, in the phone or or not even the phone. I think it was on a laptop at the time. It was just this instant information that you could almost guarantee to get the pickup on a 1st come, 1st serve basis league or something like that. And it was it was just wild, and drafting players, you know, that would be kind of 1st, 2nd, 3rd round values in the 12th round or something because they were the only ones who knew about them. It was just great. And then, on this on this blurb stuff, I I I think there's so much to the the blurbs being what they were, and and I I don't know, you know, you mentioned there's a lot of different sources for this stuff out there. That competitive drive that that core group had, and then we're talking guys like Greg Rosenthal, Adam Levitan who who does establish the run, Evan Silva, my god, that guy was a beast. Everybody just wanted to be the best in a way that I just I don't know that I've seen it since those days. I I know we try to emulate it here, but it's such a different world right now with Twitter kinda being what it is. You know, there's just a lot of noise out there, and in competing with the noise, I'm always kind of asking myself, are the blurbs the central unit of information anymore, or is it literally just what you're seeing on Twitter these days? Are people just going to Twitter to get that information? But I but I I prefer the old days. I I really think that the blurbs, you know, when when you get a well written blurb that's happening in in game time and real time, you know, and that thing hits hard and it gets all the angles right. Like, I don't see that online on Twitter. Well, and at the beginning of Twitter, you know, my line was always like I I think I even had it as my bio on Twitter. You know? I followed 500 people on Twitter and manage getting through all that crap so you won't have to. Yeah. You can find it all in one feed, you know, where I'm writing it, because it was I mean, that was that became the hardest chore of of Blurbland was keeping up with Twitter. Yeah. I mean, it was hard enough to keep up with the RSS feed, which for those of you who don't know is like a a program that would bring in all of the newspaper articles into one spot. What's a new what's a newspaper brew? Dude, I it's this thing that used to exist. The but, like, that was that, I imagine, was was harder than, going to all the different newspaper websites. Because that's that's what you was happening right when I got there, and then I think it switched to RSS feed. And then when it switched to Twitter, I mean, I think it was easier back then to follow the 500 people. At least you knew that the 500 people would pop up in your feed. Now there's just all this complication on Twitter to try to figure out what's what. And there's maybe instead of 500 voices, there's 5,000 voices to follow, and and it's a total mess to try to keep up with. I I I still respect the blurb feed as, like, the most basic, you know, important unit of information out there, But it's it's just the the industry is shifting so much. I don't know, if everything takes place online now or if that's still an opportunity for blurp feeds to stand out. Stuff banks things are out of the library. It's also a funny thing about x slash Twitter is Yeah. He's Elon's gonna be very happy you called it x on today's show, by the way. I'll send a little clip. Elon, I I need a full time job, bro. You know? But it it's funny because, I feel like the tweet was modeled after the blurb because the blurb supposed to be that long and just here's what happened. Here's what you do about it. And the tweet is sort of, like, mirrored after a blurb, but the blurb the blurbs the fancy sports blurbs were first. 1st. I don't know. Well, you can't you can't really in a tweet be like this player got, you know, x points on this shooting and, you know, kinda lay out the stat line. And to me, that's really important stuff that's just being overlooked by guys. Like, I do wanna know if a guy's shooting 5 for 13 every night, you know, against whatever competition. And you you see what the only way you can get seen now is to do these Dan Vesperis style, you know, trademark threads Yeah. That are, you know, these kind of monstrosities of tweets threaded together. And but you in a in a 25, you're doing 25 tweets now to cover a night. And and, Dan, before you get to the next topic while we're talking about Twitter, I mentioned you guys before this before we came on the air that, you know, my favorite thing about impressing my children's friends was when NBC lock auto automatically verified me on Twitter. So one day Drew, were you verified? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Same same phenomena. Like, what's what you do with what what I went through. I wake up one day and I'm verified on Twitter. I got a blue check mark. Right? Back when you couldn't buy that, you couldn't ask for it. It just happened. And so, you know, we'd be at the dinner and my my kid teenage kids, their their friends will be there. And somebody, maybe me, maybe not, I don't know, be like, did you know I'm verified on Twitter? And they're like, no. You're not. No way. Let me look. And they get their phone out, and then they're, I'm following you, dude. This is you're the only verified person I've ever met. This is amazing. This is a college town and, like, the college kids and find out I'm verified on Twitter. Like, who's that old guy at Johnny b's? He's verified on Twitter. It was such a big thing. And when when Elon took that away, took away my blue check mark and gave it to everybody who wanted it, that was, in a in a funny, dumb sort of way, kind of kind of sad moment for me because I was like, that was my that was my big claim to fame. But now I'm like, oh, I'm in the hall of fame, bitch. That's right. That's right. In your eye. To Elon, and, please sell the company, Elon. Oh, no. I wasn't talking to Elon. I was talking to my my children's friend. That's Elon. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, they deserve that. That's who I was calling Well, you know, and and but even, like, to kind of go on that that that note, like, I'm my wife got a new job once, and so she found out within, like, 3 weeks that one of her coworkers was this big fantasy basketball guy. And so she kept her last name, and it's completely and and her last name are completely different sides of the universe. So she had this guy had no idea what he was working with. And so she just kinda needling him and was like, oh, you like fantasy oh, you think you're pretty good. Okay. Okay. Well, who do you read? And he's like, I read Aaron Bruske at Roto World. And then she just kinda like waits, and then she finally drives, yeah. That's my husband. And it was just pretty wild because, like, she doesn't care about any of this stuff. You know? And the universe is both so big and so small that a random coworker of hers literally reads this stuff, and RotoWorld was so popular back in the day. And, yeah, you're getting a blue check mark. And then I had the same thing. It was the you know? At the time, you know, friends and relatives, they would be like, yeah, he's got a blue check mark. And that's it was it was just a weird little, you know, d level celebrity, you know, piece of fame thing that came with the whole experience that, know, it's it's really not normal. You know? And I know a lot of articles have been written about you, Steve. You know? And they it's just a like a Forrest Gump type of life. You know? Especially when you consider in your shoes, Steve, how many does people in the sports university have met in general, but, like, the the, like, the bands, you know, the the music connections that you've been able to make, and the connections in general that you've been able to make. And and same over here. Sometimes it's just really really the the world gets really super shrunk and small. The next thing you know, you're talking to, like, a celebrity about their, like, you know, 13th player on their roster, you know, via email and your pen pals now. You know? And it's an experience that, you know, when you think about it, it's like I don't know what drove you to do it Steve, but like one day I was reading your stuff, and I just sent an email in. And then life just went and took a hard right. And everything I thought I was doing was not gonna be what I was gonna be doing anymore. And, here we are. Yeah. I mean, I had a regular job. I was in a cube. I was managing people, and I was like, please let me write for you for free at 3 o'clock in the morning every day for the rest of my life. I don't care if you ever pay me. You don't have to pay me for, like, 2 years. I'll just do it. And I I mean, I literally worked for free for over a over a year easily. And then, you know, I wasn't even on the Road to World books. Like, I don't even know how I was employee 9 or 10 or whatever it was because after my first season, they they an email went out, and I wasn't even included on it for the plan for basketball the next year. And I was like, I heard about it. I was like, dude, are you kidding me? I wrote the draft guide last year. What are we doing here? He's like, oh, I I didn't realize you were part of the team. I'm like, are you serious right now? Like What the hell is it? That's how much they cared about basketball, man. I barely even made it back after my 1st year even though I was the only guy who I I was the only 2 guys writing about basketball. Brew, I feel like you told me a story that you were told you were being added to the the payroll, and then you didn't see anything for 2 years, but you didn't say anything because you were so worried about getting fired. I I didn't wanna mess anything up. I was like, you know what? Screw it. And and that's you know? And and, you know, it's like everybody I've seen in this industry. A lot of so many people work for free to kinda get where they they went. It didn't seem weird to me. It it felt like, you know, look. It's there's a very small amount of these gigs around. And, you know, if they were growing on trees and if it you know, if everybody could be a sports writer, you know, maybe it would be a little bit different. But I just didn't say any I it was like the glitch in the payroll system. I just didn't want it to work itself out. I just wanted to to stay out. And and it's funny because at the end of the 1st year too, it was kind of a similar experience. It was like Steve's like, so you wanna do it again? And I'm like, hell, yeah. I wanna do it again. I'm glad I checked with you. Of course, I wanna do it again. And, you you know, away we went for the for the next year. But, yeah, they didn't they didn't I mean, it is a classic growth story. It felt like they didn't know who was where. And, you know, a lot of times, you know, things would be going on. I mean, I was writing King's relocation articles on Roto World for, like, 3 months, 6 months before they even noticed, and they're like, hey. Could you, do that on our other web property? You know, about people talk. It's probably a more appropriate place. I was like, yeah. Yeah. You you guys do make a good point. I should probably do that. And, so it was just a really loosely run organization with lots of, lots of cool small company stuff going on, of course, being bought by NBC. That all changed, And they were super corporate y eventually, but, it was it was good early on. I probably, I probably should have mentioned at some point in the last half hour. We are talking to the legends. This is a legends show of fantasy basketball, doctor a, Aaron Bruschi. We're we we've gone back. We've taken the, you know, mister Peabody time machine here thing going on. Quite you. I do wanna know a little bit about the evolution of the game. Oh, wait a minute. Doctor A's got something. The Indiana Pacers are finalizing a trade to acquire all star for Pascal Siakam. In a deal that will send Bruce Brown, Jordan Awarra, and 3 first round picks to Toronto. Wow. New war now I'm seeing the the says New Orleans will be a 3rd team in deal sending Kiara Lewis to the Raptors? Okay. Well, we got something to I promised people that we weren't gonna talk about fantasy basketball, and I think we probably have to now. Okay. Do you know the picks involved with that? Like, 3 firsts belong to? It just says 3 firsts so far. Because that's quite a bit for the right to pay, mister Sayakam. Mhmm. I won't load them up. That is a lot. That's a lot of picks. Okay. Well, initial I guess it's good that we're on air, so we can talk about it. It is a lot of picks, but Pascal Siakam is he's a he's a baller, dude. Like, the the pacers are going for it right now. What do you think the difference between him now versus, like, the bubble when he was just kinda getting teams were loading up when they knew he was gonna do the spin move. He did the spin move every time. What do you think now? Because I I see differences, but I'm curious what you think. Well, I think getting OG Anunoby away from him was probably a good thing. Yeah. And now I think getting him out of Toronto would give him a new start. Indiana is a good thing. I think he's gonna absolutely love the Sacramento gift that keeps on giving. No. It's Tyrese. Careful, bru. Careful, bru. Who does not wanna play with Tyrese Halliburton? Don't you let me ask you this, Steve. Who can't play with Tyrese Halliburton? Like, if you can't play with Tyrese Halliburton, like, what? Do you just not like basketball or something? Your name is your name is probably Jordan Poole. Jordan Poole is the single most hilarious player in the NBA right now. Dude, bringing Siakam to Indiana, man. They They are straight up legit now. It is all on. Well, they were pretty good without him and it's kind of curious. They got, you know, so many power forward options. Now, did did Jackson get freed by chance? Nope. There's no other names in this. This might this might be Bruce. Might be another deal coming. Bruce Brown Bruce Brown, Jordan Nwara, and then from a third team, Kiira Lewis. The player is going back to Toronto, which But could get rid of Jordan Worra, his favorite player. They are loaded up at power forward, though. I mean, they and small forward. They've got tons of all of them. Like, Jairus, they they trade him. They trade Jackson. They Jalen Smith. There there's lots of guys. Buddy Heald's still a pacer. That's what he's still a pacer. Buddy Heald is still a pacer. That is that is mind boggling. To Bruce Brown, you know, I haven't in my deep leagues, haven't been able to cut him. You know? I think I cut him once on a super stack team, but he's been dealing with injuries, and he's just sort of in roto like an auto, you know, top 75, 100 guy when he's going. And and I think in Toronto, that's probably a good landing spot for him. Do you think he do you guys think Bruce Brown picks up most of what Pascal leaves behind? Not usage wise, but minutes wise. And Jaka Pirtle's out too. It's it's you know, that team is so Scotty born centric now that it's I mean, this does ease the ease the, the usage equation. You know, Manuel Quickley has been cut loose. Yeah. Now doubly now doubly so. Yeah. I don't think he can handle anymore. You see? Everybody can. You know what's really funny? By the way, this is the perfect time for this. I've got I've got doctor 8. I've got Brew on the show. We're talking about how blurbs in 2,002, like, the revolution of it was having them tell you what to do. And so thank you to Carter in the chat room who says, who we adding? Isn't that isn't that nice? Like, that brings it full circle, doesn't it? Yeah. Bruce Brown, I I think you got to. Right? Like, he's getting paid enough money to matter in that context. As long as he's not hurt, you know what you're getting. And usually, what you're getting is top 75 in a roto league. Now sometimes that doesn't play depending on the format. This one has to be don't have me. This one has to be for doctor Ray. Bigs now. Yeah. Not one. Toronto doesn't have any bigs. An injured yep. Out. This is well comes down. I don't know if you guys can you guys see the note on the screen that I put up there? Yeah. I know. I see that note. I I feel like, the note, by the way, says coach Nick Nurse. For people that are listening the fact, I should read it out loud. It's a it's a user asking, is it Boucher season for the 3035 hundredth time in Toronto? We all ask ourselves a question. Very similar to what the Toronto Raptors war room looks like right now. Well, we got Quickley and Barrett and Scottie Barnes and then a bunch of stuff. Like, I don't even know, like, like, can can Scottie play the 4? Let's put him there. They got Gary Trent floating around out there too. Dude, I I made the mistake of saying it might be Boucher season. Yeah. I was with you. Twitter when y'all Caperna went down the other day. Oh, you did that recently? Yeah. That didn't work out very well. Well, he got I feel like 12 years broke his spirit. Like, he's he's not Chris Boucher anymore. He's like some other guy that doesn't shoot the ball every time he gets it in his hands, which is probably a good thing for his basketball play. But for Fantasy, you know, you're not you're not that one year where he was really truly cut loose, you know, that was fun many moons ago. He's kinda old now. He's, like, 30. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? He's the old rookie. We've been asking the same question about Chris Boucher for a decade now. That's how long alright. Here's another question. Is it Johntae Porter season? Well, I mean, until Pirtle gets back. I guess it kinda could be. Doctor a, what do you think? Is it Johntae season? Well, I mean, it's Johntae Boucher or Thaddeus Young, That's J. Loeb McDaniel. You know the answer is usually is attitude here. Gotta have that attitude attitude. I think I'll take Jontay Porter's season. I like that. I like that. It's not a terrible idea. I mean, Bruce Brown probably picks up a lot of the Pascal minutes, but at the same time, like, they gotta have somebody who's not can Scottie Scottie Barnes would be the 5 if they ran exclusively small. I don't I don't think they wanna do that to him unless I misread the situation. I don't think either team is done trading yet. I think both of them are gonna make another deal. Yeah. Gary Trent, you've gotta think is on the block because I think they said it, like, 4 months ago. So that's why you would think that. I mean Buddy healed all the pace Buddy healed. Yeah. Anybody they can get rid of, really. I don't think they're looking at, deal and and thinking, oh, that's great. You know? We're we're we're we're good there. I think everybody's on the block. Brew, what about the Indiana side? I'll just come right back to you on this one. Doesn't this basically just blow up anything that was going on with guys like Nesmith or Toppin or Jackson or whatever, at least as long as they're still in Indy? Yeah. My my top level thought here is what does this do to Tyrese Halliburton when he gets back? Like, he is by far the guy you want the ball in his hands. Like, the it's it's not even close. I I wouldn't want to have the ball, you know, really much on initial action. So, I mean and and to kinda touch base on a little bit we were talking about before, I do think Sayakim's improved quite a bit over the last 2 or 3 years. Him playing with a Tyrese Halliburton is a great thing for him because it can really get him in the ball in a lot of just easy positions and this inefficiency question that has he's improved on, but it's dogged him since those playoff losses. And and really, they kinda characterize the pay the the the Toronto, why are we trading people? Why are why do we not think this core can work? Well, it's because Saakam and Anunoby both wanted the ball, you know, and Scottie Barnes wanted the ball. And, you know, back in the day, Fred VanVleet wanted the ball. He got Gary Trent wanted the ball, but none of them could really figure out who the number one was. He can come in and get a lot of nice, easy, efficient play playing next to to Halliburton, but does that happen? Do they say, alright. You guys are more equals, and you see Halliburton go from really nuclear, you know, this is one of the better versions we're gonna see of Halliburton through the years, to something a little bit less than that. That that's a that'll be a bummer if that happens, But that's my first thought. And then after that, I do think that it's it's good that you got guys like Buddy Heel. He's kinda like a cockroach that'll just never ever, you know, get destroyed. If if he gets 20 minutes, he's gonna hit 3 threes and, you know, have some rebounds and assists and somehow pull together a fantasy line. But the other guys downstream, yeah, they're they're really gonna struggle. I'm kinda curious about Myles Turner as well. You know, if he can tap into any of that upside that really, you know, folks have been chasing for the last 5 years, with this kind of a move because Sayakan's clearly, at minimum, the number 2, you know, on that squad. And then you got guys like Matherin just hanging out, downstream. They're gonna struggle. But they gotta make another trade, I think, at least to get rid of healed. Curious what their plans are for Matherin if he's a core guy. They're an interesting team. I I think the Pacers could, you know, get out of the 1st round in the east and and surprise a few people. Doc, what are you thinking on this as as we sort of settle down now and and try to figure out what the heck this all means? Well, I'm anxious to see what your question was going to be when I interrupted you. I've actually forgotten what it was. Doesn't matter anymore. But, I mean, bye bye, Jaylen Smith. Bye bye Obi Toppin. Mhmm. Bye bye Jeris Walker. The core of Halbert and Siakam and Turner, it's pretty awesome. Bruce Brown out of the way, frees up Buddy Hield to to maybe move back in the starting lineup. It's gonna be him or Matherin, I think. I like I like Matherin a lot. I'd like to see them continue to develop him, but develop developing young guys, is not gonna be Indy's priority. And they've got Rick Carlisle who is suddenly now fun Rick Carlisle, the grumpy Rick Carlisle. Right? Because Yep. The Pacers have been running and scoring and running up, up scoring as many points as they can all year, and he's playing the same guys, the same minutes every night. Like, I I've really enjoyed the Rick Carlisle experience this year much more than in the past. And, you know, I they asked us for bold predictions. I don't know which which website it was that I worked for. I think it was ESPN. My bold prediction was, Pacers are gonna win the east. It's not that insane. They were I like it. They were my biggest over season win total bet this year, which I lost when my computer exploded in mid August, but I like, you knew they were going for it this season right be before this race. Celtics are bet I mean, the Celtics are better than the Bucks and Sixers, yada yada yada. But, I mean, the Pacers the Pacers are not not that far off. And they're fun as hell. The interesting part and why Rick's probably so happy over there is because Halliburton went from you know, I watched him super close in Sacramento. He did everything the right way, and you could throw, like, a Jaylen Brown or Jayson Tatum or whoever kinda super athletic rangey defender on him. It would really shut him down. Like, he didn't have the strength, and he didn't have the quicks to get around those kinds of guys. And this year, it's kinda like he does. He he has the length to kinda get around with a scoop shot if he wants to go all the way to the cup, and, then he has his sidestep 3, which is really his his kinda secret weapon, and he can fire that off at a high high efficiency. So he has, really, left to right, north, south. He has all the directions covered now with the same IQ that's just expanding as he goes. So the idea that those guys could put it together and you add a Pascal siakam to the mix. Yeah. I think, you know, I don't I wouldn't put them up against those guys and say they're gonna win, but, yeah, that's a good bold prediction. I didn't know you made that one. That that takes some some cojones after what they put, like, 34 wins or whatever the year before. They asked for they asked for bold. They asked for bold. That makes me think of that old Doritos campaign where it asks, do you remember do you guys remember that commercial where it asked if you were bold and daring? Think this is, like, an early 2000 thing. Let me okay. Follow-up for both of you guys. Doc, I'll start with you on this one. You said you don't think they're done. I think we probably all agree on that because Toronto is is mid tear down at this point. Pacers still have all these young guys that you already mentioned. Guys like Matherin, Jairus Walker, they still have contracts they can move. Is there any way for us to game plan on the fantasy side, for someone else that might get moved? Like, is there someone that's close in the pecking order in Toronto, more so than Indiana? Because Indy's gonna this they're gonna be a sort of thin the herd trade pieces to get bigger names kinda team. Toronto feels like the one where look. If more guys keep getting moved out of the way, at some point, someone besides, Emanuel Quickley, RJ Barrett, and Scottie Barnes will probably have to do something. Is there any way for us to know who that could be? I mean, I I think Jalen McDaniels and Jonathan Porter are the 2 guys that stick out to me that, like, hey. We need you guys to step up right now and start start playing. What's interesting about that is I think this Toronto team's gonna start winning. Like, they've been waiting for these trades all year, and I thought it would be actually a lot worse than it was. Because it's just stale, you know, like, the the stores are on their way out, and, you know, everybody's just waiting for that stench, you know, of of inevitability to sort of leave the room. Insert IQ who has really I mean, the Knicks just screwed that up every which way they could. Tom Thibodeau screws it up almost all the time. He and RJ Barrett are getting cut loose. They're gonna play free and happy. And you got Scottie Barnes who's had a great year, and he can kinda get some shine now. And a lot of the questions of who's getting the ball there kind of now land right on his lap. So the roles are all nice and fit, and the coach, man, he really won me over with that speech the other day. Oh my gosh. That's one of one of my favorite things I've ever seen. I almost I was like, I need to play this every morning when I wake up. Why do we play the games? Yeah. So So awesome. It it was amazing. And then Mike Brown follows it up with the laptop at the, the presser the next night. That was a that was a Pat Beverly move. You gotta get a prop involved or it doesn't count. I mean, that was such a perfect meme that it's too perfect. It's like, you know, it it's it's so perfect. You can't even use it. But I think that whoever so if they're winning to kind of tie that point back up, like, Jalen McDaniels, I had him on the radar as, you know, like a 30 deep deep league, you know, kinda guy that he'd shown well in in Charlotte and has good enough stat set to where it's like, hey. This guy, he's good. Good stat set, landing in a new place. Maybe they could've used him more in Philly. This guy could get cut loose, but if they're winning, I wonder if they play those guys. Because they didn't really play them this year. I mean, Jalen McDaniel has been getting 6 minutes, and it's been kind of a question, like, why? You know, he's much better than a 6 minute player. So I they they might just start clicking. And and and a Bruce Brown, to kind of really tie it in, this guy is perfect for any situation. You drop him into any situation and he'll just be a connector and he'll get his stats. They'll be sporadically, you know, thrown around the the box score from night to night. They might be complete minus the fact that they are waiting on Pirtle, you know, to be the size underneath. So they might might sit that out and just sit with his squad and see what they can get going forward. I think Indy, for sure, though, like I mean, JerrACE Walker, I haven't had seen too much of him, but he's never not made me think, hey. This guy could be something. You know? And so you're sitting on that behind Pascal Siakam, who you just grabbed 3 1st round draft bits and tossed them, you know, the other direction for it. That guy's not needed anymore. So are are they gonna do what they did with Isaiah Jackson, which is kinda, like, ruin his value and sit on him? Or are they gonna get rid of 2 of those guys? I mean, minimum actually, I don't know that the one or that Walker would be an, an item for Sacramento. There are a lot of teams that need shot blocking right now. So those 2 guys, if you're indie, if you're not gonna do something with them, like, actually play them, trade those guys. And and both of them are fantasy machines. So, hopefully, they land somewhere nice. Like, Sabrina Sabrina, it's, one of the 24 first round picks is indies. Okay. 1 of the 26, 1st round pick is Indies. And then the other 24 so the 20 there's a 24 and 26 that are the Pacers. And their Pacers are pretty good, so the those are not gonna be great picks. And then the other one is at 2024, the worst of Utah, Houston, Clippers, and Thunder. Utah, Houston, Clippers, and Thunder. Well, Thunder and Clippers are probably not great. No. Houston could be good. Houston's 1 or 2 injuries away from things really turning south. Utah's got it rolling right now. Right? Yeah. I I got hardy on coach of the year in the, beginning of the the season. It was not that great of a number. Party season. Party season. Yeah. Well, I'm I'm thinking at some point, you coulda gotten that for 30,000 to 1 or something. You know? And now he's rolling. But they don't have players. So Utah I mean, relatively speaking, they don't have players, but that pick could be valuable. But if, let's say, they're all mid to late round first round picks, this kind of reflects to me, that might even speak to rental, though. I think if he's gonna stick around, you would have heard about it from Shams or, Woj that this is not a rental. Oh, Siakam? Yeah. Yeah. We already heard it. He's excited. He's excited to go to Indy's. He's excited to work out a new contract. He wants to play with he wants to play with Tyrese. That's the that's the guard, man. You know, I've gotten a few texts from Kingsland, since this is going on. They're they're in that, we didn't want them anyway, posture right now. But 3 first that are that kind of late mid to late first, that's the value he had because you have to pay Sayakim. It's like one thing to get him. That's a that's a big thing. I don't you know, don't get me wrong. But now they gotta pay him market value. So the return is 3 mid to late round, 1st round draft picks, which everybody overvalues. Yeah. You might hit and get a Jalen Williams or, you know, somebody in that range that's, you know, super valuable. But most of those picks are like, or something like that. You know? They don't stick around in the league. Well, I had all these delightful legends of fantasy type questions to go through, but we are approaching an hour, and I wanna make sure that you guys actually get to enjoy your day. So, I am going to take us towards wrap up. So I'm very sorry to everybody that's watching live. First of all, to everybody that is watching live, thank you for joining us. I know many of you popped on when this crazy trade broke down, which is awesome. I really like I forget who I put it on the screen for a minute. I think it's our, Toronto Raptors show host known as El Hoopo, around here, who mentioned that he was just thrilled that he got his breaking news from doctor Ray, because it was fitting to have you on here breaking a giant trade live on a podcast. So, yeah. He's he's very right about that. Let's do this again is what I'm also gonna say. Before I do that, please do check out manscaped.com. Many of you have seen that my face is slightly less hairy today. It is thanks to the good folks at manscaped.com. Use promo code ETHOS20 over there to get 20% off and free shipping on your order. Steve, one more time. I called you by your actual name. It felt weird, but I did it anyway. Congratulations on being a member of the s FSWA Hall of Fame. Again, well deserved. I'm so glad that I got a chance to wish it to you here on the podcast because some coming from me, still, like, a little bit starstruck even though we've done a bunch of things together. You're the guy that got so many of us into this universe. So, again, massive congratulations, and thank you for hanging out for way longer than I intended on keeping you here. You're the man. What can I say? We can do another hour. I'm good. I'm just but, yeah, thanks for having me on, guys. And and, Bruce, Aaron, it's, we go way back. It's it got a little rocky there. It got a little weird, with you transitioning into your new gig, and I was still at NBC. I totally get it, man. I'm on the other side of it now. And, so I'm I'm just glad that that we're still buddies and still able to to you know, I think we have a lot of knowledge and a lot of history, and it's cool that we can, get together and share it. Yeah. In person soon, sir. Maybe. First time Hey. First time for everything. Yeah. I'll hop on a plane. Let's do it. Have you guys never actually been in the same place at the same time? Same same as us, Dano. Oh my god. This this trio has never seen each other in person. That's ridiculous. Great. So, unfortunately, before I bid farewell to everyone, I do have one piece of bad news to bring, and this is legitimately bad news. But I I know many folks that are either watching or following on Twitter or whatever knew that the Warriors Jazz game tonight was postponed due to, Warriors assistant coach, and I apologize because I'm probably gonna get his name wrong. I believe it's Dazan Milosevic. He has passed away. That is now being reported that the warriors assistant coach has passed away. So we send all of our best wishes to everyone around the warriors organization, around, the Milosevic family. He was, I believe, just 46 or 47 years old, a huge tragedy occurring in the NBA this morning. And I hate to have to end a show on a sad note, but, wanted to make sure that we got that information out there as well. So, bad news out of the warriors and, in Salt Lake City. But thank you again, gentlemen. It's been an amazing hour. A trade going down. It's like doing a trade deadline show here today. For doctor a and Aaron Bruschi, I am Dan Vasquez. Thanks for watching Legends of Fantasy Basketball, a show type that I hope I can recycle here in the not too distant future. Follow everybody on social media. Folks that are watching, you can see their handles on the screen. Doctor a is d o c k t o r a on Twitter at Aaron Bruschi atdanbespress. This is a sports ethos presentation. We'll see you guys somewhere. See you when we see you. So long, everybody.