Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. What's happening, people? It's Wednesday. It's March 27th. Baseball season starts tomorrow, which I'd say this every year on the Wednesday before the Thursday before of baseball season starting, and I have no idea if even one of you out there gives a crap. But I do. I don't play fantasy baseball. I just like baseball. I like watching it. I like watching it as a fan. I worked in minor league baseball for a decade as a play by play broadcaster and assistant general manager. I just have a lot of connections to baseball, and it was the first believe it or not, it was actually the first sport that I fell in love with as a kid. My mom, everybody assumes that, like, kids who love sports get it from their dads, which is not actually the case. My mom is the big sports nut, of my two parents. My dad, may he rest in peace, was the most neurotic sports fan of all time. I've never met anybody as neurotic as my father about sports. And, so yeah. Okay. Example of how my of my father's neurosis. My dad used to tape he really only cared about UCLA till he went to undergrad. He really only cared about UCLA sports, and he would tape UCLA basketball and football games not to necessarily watch them later, but to check the score on however you you know, whatever year it was, you figure out how you check the score, newspaper, end of night sports recap on ABC or whatever. And if this his team won, then he would go back and watch it. If they lost, he wouldn't even watch it wouldn't even go back and watch. He wanted to know how the game ended before watching it to spare him the fear of sitting through a close loss. Anyway, so my dad traveled a bunch when I was a little kid. So I was mostly at home with my mom during those years, and she would you couldn't buy tickets online. This was, like, the mid to late eighties. So she found this little at Dodger Stadium, they used to sell tickets to the game at little stands in the parking lot, and she found one. There was, like, this little all kind of secret one that never had a line. You could always just go there and talk to the person forever and figure out all the stuff. And she'd buy these little she'd pick, you know, 4 or 5 games throughout the season, and we'd sit way up. I don't know if any of you guys have been to, Dodger Stadium, but there is an upper upper upper deck at that joint that is just like you're scraping the freaking clouds. And when I was a kid, it was, like, $4 to sit up there. Now it's, like, it's, like, 45 or 50 to sit in these crap crap seats that are so high up. And we'd go to a handful of games every year. So I fell in love with baseball first because it was more affordable. And, my mom my mom actually loves baseball and basketball too, but we didn't go to that many basketball games. I and and you guys heard me talk about it with Ryan Ward on the show, from earlier this week. I fell in love with basketball, when I was, like, 10, 11. That's when I started to care about hoops. So baseball was always a thing. And so this day before opening day for baseball is actually a very exciting day for me. I love it. Tomorrow gets rolling. Games all day. It's gonna be a blast. So, happy almost baseball day, and, happy Fantasy NBA Day to you all. NBA Today. Fast Fantasy NBA Today day. I'm Dan Vesperis. This is a sports ethos presentation. Fun show today. We got a visit from the doctor, hall of famer Steve Alexander. That's coming up here in about 45 seconds. He and I are doing battle in the 30 deep finals, the original 30 deep. The industry titans of fantasy basketball from the last 25 years of fantasy basketball. I can't believe they let me into this thing, but now I think I've kinda made an impact. I've made the finals 2 years in a row, and I'm almost definitely going to get my butt waxed in the finals 2 years in a row. 1st by Panda here from Ethos. The beat down came from inside the building, and, this year, I'm gonna get clubbed by, Steve Alexander. I know the indignity of it all. I gotta win 1. And, then we'll go over yesterday's card, which is a pretty short one. Couple pieces of news today before we get to our chat with, doctor a. Mitchell Robinson has been upgraded to questionable and is expected to play for the New York Knickerbockers this evening as they take on the Raptors in Toronto. What we don't know is what the ramp up is gonna look like, and we might get that information as today unfurls a little bit. My expectation would be for a guy who's been out for almost the entire season with a brutal ankle situation is that they're probably not gonna be pushing them too hard. My guess would be 12 to 16 minutes here in this first game back. So if you if you're thinking about doing something on the head to head side, I wouldn't, unless a very weird situation arises, in that like, I have I have one team where I Mitchell Robinson's stashed in an IL spot and have for a very long time. And if someone else gets ruled out in the middle of today, then, you know, I might as well just drop that guy and put Robinson in my lineup because, like, you don't wanna take a 0. Otherwise, you know, it's not like you're it's not like you're you're doing some you're not picking him up in head to head. Roto, I think you can make a pretty good case to stash Mitch Rob because he was the starter before he went down. And I've ever reason to believe that that's the end goal for them is to get him back to that point. And, frankly, 24, 25 minutes of Robinson is enough for him to make an impact on the Fantasy side, and that could very well happen over the next 7 to 10 days. I don't know how slowly they're gonna bring him along. For the Knicks, they have a back to back Thursday, Friday next week, and Thursday, Friday of the very last week, he almost definitely won't play in that back to back or half of it, I should say. So let's say, you know, 15 ish minutes today, then, like, 18, then 18 maybe again, then 20, and then 22 and 1 after that back to back. So maybe you get, like, 4 or 5 pretty good center games out of him on the roto side, and I think that's probably worth it. The other news of the morning. This is a, great morning for guys coming back. Donovan Mitchell is expected to be back on Friday for the Cavaliers. So, the experience is basically over. Milk one more game out of him, and if, you know, if it's head to head, you probably just have to ride it out. But, Roto, this is your last chance there. Drew Holiday is, he practiced. I think the hope is that he'll be back by tomorrow for the Celtics. We don't know for sure, but if he was a practice, then you'd think he's probably coming back. Celtics can rest guys if they want, but they don't have another back to back until that last last week, Thursday, Friday. Right now, starting tomorrow, they go every other day through Tuesday, April 9th. So and they weren't resting guys in the non back to backs before this. So with holiday, it's act it's an actual real injury. Fee comes back, Payton Pritchard is probably done, although I guess we have to wait and see if if Derek White is back also. So good news on Drew Holiday. Good news on Donovan Mitchell. Good news on Mitchell Robinson. Larry Martin is expected to play again for Utah. He played in their last one, but there's always a question mark there. So, really good news on the injury front. A lot of guys coming back. And with that, this feels a great time for me to once again try out this technique I've just figured out how to do, which is to drop, a prerecorded video into a live video. So let's sit tight here, and let me figure this out. My tech skills are through the roof right now. I'm recording hits in video and audio at the same time. Although, I think I may have actually forgotten to turn on the audio part of the recording. Now I'm recording in video and audio at the same time. I can do this, really. I can. Very excited today to bring on the person who's about to I I don't I was gonna try to use, like, the kids' lingo, but I would mess that. I would totally mess that up. I was gonna say that you were gonna sun me. I think sunning someone, that's like a thing. Right? But the kids these days with their words. The great doctor a, recently inducted into the hall of fame, is now going to wipe the floor with me in 30 deep. So I figured I'd have him on the podcast so he can clown on me in person. Steve, what's going on, man? How are you? Sunning somebody. Is that anything like a like a Victor Wembina dad block? I think probably something. Where he just stands there and doesn't jump and a guard tries to throw it up over him and he just grabs it and takes off. That is It looks like a dad with his 5 year old at the playground. That is I hadn't heard it called that. That's actually that's absolutely brilliant and wonderful. Yeah. Because that's like as a as a whopping 5 foot 8 adult, that's the only person that I can do that to is my 7 year old son who That's what that's what it's like watching Wimby guard a guy that's, like, 511 or 62. Yeah. Or even, like, some of these 6667 guys for him. It's out of control. But I'm gonna need Wimby to continue to rest for you if that's okay. Just can I, like, submit that to for to HR for approval? Can we get Wendy to sit one more ballgame? I don't wanna talk about that. I'm I'm It's my only hope. So so yeah. First of all, before we get into 30 deep, do you have any idea what what this is? That is a very large stack of papers, and I'm assuming it's just people that want your autograph for the hall of fame. Oh, those are brackets? It's my, it is my hand graded 130 person n c, double a bracket pool. Oh, lord. What have you done? Doctor Ray, what have you done with yourself? Literally the dumbest thing I've ever done. I need you need to set get somebody to set up some sort of online submission process that can take care of this for you. This is your whole day. Is there something like that? Is there is there a website out there that could actually run that for me? Probably. I've Yeah. There's a million, Dan. I know. Live. Friends, viewers, if you'd like to set up a well, I mean, obviously, you could, like, have them do it through a thing, but if you want your own, there's probably someone watching or listening that could just set that up. Like, the fish Doctor. Ray bracket. When I started this pool when I moved here, there were, like, 15 people in it, and half of them were just, you know, older country folks that didn't have cell phones or didn't have the Internet. And we were like, we're just gonna make this paper and cash, and that's the way it's gonna be. We're going old school, and that was 20 years ago. And now there's a 130 people in it, and it's still old school. And every year, I'm like, nope. I'm not doing this next year. We are going online. You can pay however you pay. But for some reason, I keep getting sucked back in because I write this crazy email after every round that breaks down all the standings and makes fun of all my friends, and, people seem to really like that. But oh, yeah. It's it's Those big ass I don't even have time to make fun of people anymore. I'm just trying to get the information recorded in, like, 9 hours, and it's, it's awful. You need a steward, some sort of, like, some sort of ward to help you with the the paperwork here. That way you can focus on the clowning email because that's what people are all in it for. Let's be honest. I need, like, an auditing team. Yes. You do. Alright. You guys heard it out there. I mean or you will. It's a recording, so eventually you'll all hear it. You guys wanna help Steve with auditing brackets? Hit us up. I bet you we get somebody to to come out of the woodwork here and help No. It's too late. We're down to we're down to the we're down to nitty gritty. It's easy grading now, man. It's that it's that Thursday, Friday initial hit that that's the one that's the one, man. Who That's the one where it is this insurmountable amount of work. But I did it. Yeah. You there goes your there goes your midday nap, man. You're cooked. I'm still recovering from, grading all night Friday to Saturday. Yeah. Alright. Let's talk so deep. Let's talk so deep. Talking to, of course, the great doctor a@doctor a with a k in there, you're looking for him on social media. Steve, you somehow, drafted just this team. Like, it's very hard. I I feel like I need to backtrack a little bit. So if there first of all, 30 deep is the original mega industry 30 team fantasy league. It's been hosted for you and you and Bruce started this one like I think Bruce, you know, Bruce, you know, Bruce, you know, I started this league together in, like, 2006, something like that. And it's got all the heavyweights from the last 20 to 30 years of fantasy basketball. I'm very fortunate that I was, allowed into this thing. I think somebody dropped out, like, 6 years ago, and I was able to sneak their spot. So good for me. I've now made the finals in 2 consecutive years. I lost to Mike Passador, fellow sports Ethosian last year, and, now I'm most likely gonna get my ass kicked by you this season. The thing about 30 deep, before we talk about what you and I are are staring down here, is that and and people that haven't played a 30 team league probably don't have this sort of feeling in the back of their their head yet. But once you get past the 5th or 6th round, you're you're sort of debating between whether or not you take some sort of wild long shot or someone really like, oh, I think this guy is gonna play, like, 22 minutes of ballgame and, like, get 80 games under their belt and just see if I can kinda plug in a thing. And now here at the end of the year, all of a sudden, your Rishaun Holmes and your Peyton Pritchard are each playing full starters minutes right at 30 d playoff time. Your team was already a top seed before those guys started doing anything. How on earth what what hope do I even have to win 2 out of 3 weeks from you? Like, my only hope is that Wembanyama misses the entire week, I think. I mean, Cam Thomas and Wembanyama well, let's talk let's talk about our teams. Sure. So so my backcourt turned out to be really, really strong. I got De'Aaron Fox. It was like my second pick, I think, after Wyman Yama. I think I took Wyman Yama at 16. I ended up with De'Aaron Fox, and then I got Kobe White late. Like, I don't have draft results pulled up, but, like, something like a 120th, 130th. And Kobe White has had a great year for the Chicago Bulls. So my point guards are Fox and White, and that that's that's tough to beat in this league because it's hard to get 2 really good point guards if you don't take them early. And then I took a flyer on Cam Thomas, and he's nothing but points, but when he plays, he racks them up. And then Austin Reeves for Lakers, nice little mid pick for me. And then, it's so well rounded because I get I only have Wim and Yamah, but I took Zach Collins who when Wendy sits, Zach Collins is pretty good, and they played together for a lot of the year as well. I picked up Reshawn Holmes somewhere along the way, and I don't know how or why, but he he became relevant, like, 8 games ago, couple weeks ago. At the perfect, perfect moment. I'm by the way, I'm looking at the draft results now. Your mid your mid draft is, just destroying in a way that, like so you got Kobe y at 120 6, and Zach LaVine was out, what, 3 weeks into the season, so that one immediately became a monster. You got Cam Thomas at 186, and then immediately, he stepped into a bunch of stuff. Peyton Pritchard, you drafted at 235, and all of a sudden now he's a Goliath. And like you said, we picked up Reshaun Holmes. Austin Reeves, you got it at 66. De'Aaron Fox at 36. We have 3rd round reversal in that. Zach Collins at 115. So, like, you got this this reasonable base, and then you rounded it out with hits in the 5th, in the 7th, now in the 8th, and the pickup, like yeah. I mean, you know, your middle You add you add Payton Pritchard with no Drew Holiday to Kobe White and Deere and Fox and like that, that's that's gonna be tough. That's gonna be like, if I'm healthy, this team is is almost impossible to beat, I think. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm staring down the barrel of. My only hope and I don't know if people if I even wanna say my team, my team is fine. So, it's weird to say that about a team that's that's in the finals right now. My team is fine. I do what I always do in 30 deep, which is I draft generally, older guys that have fallen too far, and it works. Basically, every single year, I'm in the top I'm in the playoffs because they're gonna be, like, decent enough. I I'm generally never gonna have a terrible team. So Kyrie, I got a 14, DeMar at 40 7. Brook Lopez at 77. Chris Paul at 104. Jaden McDaniels at 137. KCP at 164. Alex Caruso at 197 was probably my best pick in there. And then Pat Connaughton at 224. My starting eight for our playoff battle is my top 8 picks from draft night. I don't know that I I basically didn't pick up anybody all season long, and I basically didn't drop anybody all season long. My hope was that someone like a Trey Lyles who was hurt to start the year would do some stuff. And he did, and now he's hurt again. And Kevin Love was kind of a flyer, but, like, I took a bunch of older ish dudes that were getting drafted a little bit too late. And, again, I just kind of floated my way to a solid regular season record. I, I was the one seed for a while, and then Kyrie got hurt, and I fell to the 3. But I've plowed my way through the playoffs, but my team just doesn't have any of that upside. None of my, like, 7th, 8th, 9th round guys just dramatically turned into monsters 2 weeks ago. So I have no idea how how do I have a shot. What I needed was for Rashaun Holmes and Payton Pritchard to stop being awesome for you, but that doesn't appear to be something that's about to happen unless Drew Holiday comes back for the Celtics. Or Well, it's it's funny, man. So again. So many people in this league are making moves, like, all the time. They're picking up guys, dropping guys, picking them up, and they're literally like the scrubs from the bottom of the earth that half of us have never even heard of. Like like that dude that's playing for, is it the the Pistons right now? That that guy that's got the impossible name to say, tell them Oh, yeah. I I don't even I don't even Tombo or something. I I I I butcher it every time. I need to go and, like, I gotta listen to their broadcast team do it. What I'd love is for every team to send out a pronunciation guide to the world so we know that we're getting it right. Like, cool was one that took a while before everybody knew that where the accents were on that. But, yeah, like, I don't do those pickups. Frankly, I don't have time for them. I made one move in 30 deep this year. It was on November 27th for 1 93. I dropped Joe Harris and picked up Reshaun Holmes. And it and it's could not have worked out any more perfectly. Got traded, still didn't play. Rashaun Holmes just he just wrecked Joe Kiser last week in our final four matchup. Like, Rashaun Holmes had had such a great week last week. He's off to a great start against you this week. Yeah. 14 and 15 with a steal and a block on great percentages. He's crushing people. He has 45 rebounds in his last 3 ball games. This is a guy who's gonna be able to play. You gotta be lucky in 30 deep, man. I mean, honestly, I think you'd probably still beat me even if Rishon Holmes wasn't going nuts right now, but I feel like I would at least have of, like, a fleeting prayer of getting through it without an injury to your team. I I right now my prayer as I as I look at the standings is I gotta win both percentages. I don't really I don't think I have any shot without winning both. Steals, threes, turnovers is probably, like, my best path or maybe assists, turnovers because I have I don't think I've I don't think I've won turnovers in one matchup all year. Yeah. I'm lose I'm losing those right now, but only because 1by and Cam Thomas sat out on Monday. Correct. So that would flip. But, also, if those guys played, you'd be beating me in 3 pointers. So that would also flip. I would also be chasing you pretty hard in assists if Wimby and Cam were playing. Yeah. That would probably be around a tie. I think I'm up 9. Yeah. I'm up 9 right now. Those guys together probably would have gotten pretty close to that, I would think. Somewhere between, like, 612. Yeah. And on on on paper, man, it looks like I'm gonna beat you, but, you know, Wimby still has a big red cross by his name. Cam Thomas has a big red cross by his name. And, I'll tell you what, though. Talking about Wimby, I mean, are people sick of hearing about Wimby yet? Has he jumped the shark like Caitlin Clark or Dion or Kelsey and Taylor Swift? I don't think he's there yet. No. No. But the thing about Wimby is I took him with my first or second pick in almost every league I drafted this year. It was one of those things where it was like me and Ellie De La Cruz in baseball this year. I don't care who is in the league and what else is happening. This dude's gonna be on my team. And that was my that was my, that was my Wimby this year, and he carried this team all the way here. And and he had help. I mean, he's a well rounded, healthy, good team. But Wimby, I will take him with the number one pick in every draft I'm in next year. I don't care. I got him at 25 this year. And you'd go number 1 next year? I will take him number 1. Yes. Yeah. I don't think you're alone by the way. I will take him over Jokic. I will take him over Sabonis. I will take him over SGA. I'll take him over Luka. I feel like we're building a green eggs and ham poem right now. Can we do this for would you take him over, Luca? Would you take him over? I'll I'll figure out a rhyme. I wasn't ready for it there. No. Yes. You are correct. I will take him I will take him over anyone, Sam I am. Yeah. We're that's beautiful. Alright, doc. Before I let you go, silly season stuff. Besides Reshawn Holmes, is there anything you're looking at here over these last 2 and change weeks of basketball that hasn't already shaken itself out? I know it's a big open ended question, and the answer might be f that. But is there any, like, is there any way to really prepare for what we've seen particularly out of places like Memphis, although now they got Bane in back, or Portland where they're going full, like, g league roster now. Anything else to do at this point besides just react and set your lineups, like, 12 seconds before the game start? Yeah. You just gotta watch the you gotta watch the news feed. You gotta watch The Wire. Luca was a game time. Called last night. I panicked. I went SGA in my DFS lineups instead and then beefed up a little bit with Keegan. But, Murray, it didn't really work out. But, yeah, anytime a player on a good team is playing in a back to back, you have to be very worried about it because Denver and Boston have no reason to run their guys out there every night. They are done. They're at home. They are coasting. They're better than everybody else. Jokic is gonna Jokic is gonna sit out some games. MPJ is gonna sit out some games. Jamal Murray's already missed a couple. Boston's gonna sit 2 guys every night the rest of the way, I think. This Delano Banton kid in Portland, I picked him up, like, a month ago in a couple of leagues, and he's like the silly season superhero at this point. Like, he is he he might be the silly season MVP. He's been so freaking good. And then the other thing about this season that strikes me is who knew that Dante DiVincenzo and, Grayson Allen were not only going to be ballers and, like, impact players and championship winning caliber fantasy players, but has anybody ever seen those 2 alone in the same room together? Like, are they the same dude? Just a just for men hairstyle away between the 2 of them. Yeah. And they're they're both just white ballers. I mean, I I don't know, man. I can't I I can't get my head around the fact that Grayson Allen has been so good all year. Even when I ain't playing in that stacked lineup, and then the Vincenzo has had these explosions and has been worth having all year. The next team that we might see unleash a load of unknowns that might be worth picking up might be Washington. I I don't know. But it seems like the shutdown the shutdown thing is not as prevalent as it what once was. Like, the fact Desmond Bane and Jaren Jackson junior are playing basketball right now boggles my mind. Yeah. That's kinda nice because Memphis had a stretch there where everybody was gone, but now they've they've sort of pivoted back into a more reliable lineup in the last week and a half or something like that. So it was almost like they had their silly season February to early March instead of late March to early April. It's very weird. I mean, at least a lot of head to head leagues, if you end them 3, 4 weeks in advance, you dodge a lot of this stuff that I think the thing that drives everybody nuts is, like, you know, what you talked about with Boston and Denver. The teams that are up near the top that are now resting superstars where it's much more clear. And and Drew Holiday might actually be hurt in Boston, so I don't wanna take that one off the table, but everything else is skipping a game. You and I also have a lot of work left to do because, we're going all the way to the end of the season with this thing. We have we have this week plus 2 more weeks of facing each other, and we don't have a lot of options on our bench to play. And it's a weekly lineup league, so you gotta set it on Monday night and then let it go. And, you know, everybody could sit out that last week for both of our teams. So who knows what's gonna happen, but I I do know that it's an honor and a privilege to be in the finals with you and I Likewise. Wish you luck. And if if I get beat by you, I get beat by you. And if I don't win my 2nd 30 deep title, I may never recover from it, but at least I'm in the GD Hall of Fame. So whatever. Damn right. Damn right. Well, I think you've got this one in the bag. I think I'm set to be the always a bridesmaid of 30 deep losing in the finals 2 consecutive years. I don't know. Has anybody done that in the 30 deep history? Probably. It's ignominious. Is am I using that right honor for me to have? 2 people have won it, twice. Straub and Mike Gallagher both won twice. Gallagher won it in back to back years. So he was in the finals back to back years. But you, I think, are the only, non winner to be in the finals back to back years. I bet you Camma has done that. I bet you Camma Camma is always good at 30 deep. You and him both have a good way of drafting 30 deep teams. Yeah. I gotta get over the hump, though, man. I I need some luck. We it may not that last week, the silliest of the weeks might not matter if you just smoke me 2 weeks in a row here, and then you'd you don't have to think about it. But I will continue to watch. I will continue to pray, and, I will continue to hope that I get a monster game tonight out of, I don't know. Is Chris Paul gonna get more than 22 minutes from my team? My team's going the wrong way at the wrong time. Stupid, but if Wendy plays, I don't know I don't know how I I don't know how you're gonna beat me. If Wimby if Wimby just checks out I mean, he's already won the rookie of the year. He plays for Gregg Popovich. He's got a bum ankle. If he just sits if they shut him down, we gotta battle. Yeah. That's I that's my that's my hope. I'll be watching The Wire, and I can't say that I'm rooting for Wenbee not to play, but I'm kinda rooting for Wenbee. No. That's rule number 1 about fancy basketball, dude. You never root for injuries to your opponents. No. You do not. You'll be punished for it. The karma comes back tenfold and then you're then it's then it's a long long way out of that hole. You don't wanna root for injuries. But No. No. Injury. Just like a day where he's still there, like leather. Yeah. Get him down. I mean, I wouldn't be opposed to it. That's not rooting for an injury. That's just being real. Yeah. Just like stuck in the snow or something. Aren't they in Utah or something like that? I don't know if it's snowing there right now. But it you know, just late getting to the arena, bench tops, half, little Unfortunately, Wimby is has got a little better minds, little head on his shoulders than, Deandre Ayton. A little snow in the driveway is not gonna keep him away from the NBA game. I know. Damn it. I know. But a man can dream. Well, a man can dream. He is the great hall of famer, doctor a Steve Alexander, as we do battle in 30 deep. Doctor a, thank you as always, my man. Hey. Good to talk to you. I'll see you later. And that was the great doctor a, d o c k t o r a, on Twitter. Doctor a. Make sure you're spelling it right if you're going and finding the man. You guys have already found him. Who the hell am I kidding? But whatever. Maybe there's one of you out there that hasn't. Let's, segue now into talking about yesterday's card. Quickly, a reminder to, please follow. Many of you are watching on social media right now. It's at Dan Vesperis on Twitter. Like, rate, and subscribe. I like to try to do these shows as if there is one new listener every single day. So if it's you, hi. Welcome. It's really nice. It's a it's a pleasure to have you around. Suck Fantasy Basketball. StockboxScore. Golden State whipped Miami pretty good yesterday. They did not have Jimmy Butler, and that played a role. Klay Thompson back into the starting 5. Did that have anything to do with Trace Jackson Davis being out? I'm gonna say probably not. I think Brandon Bojemki, they feel like he's kinda hitting a little bit of a wall, and Klay's been getting his legs underneath him here second half of the season, kinda like last year, really. So I'm gonna assume that this continues. Trace Jackson Davis, who, again, did not play, is someone you probably hold on to if you need big man stats and you can weather the free throw issue. He is, you know, probably a little bit in that stat hunting department where you know what you're getting, and you're getting a few that are very, very good. And you just have to be okay with the stuff that's not. But, Andrew Wiggins is the other question mark. He's been very reliably in that, like, 13 to 17 points and, like, 4 to 7 rebounds. They just happen to kinda come together with a better ball game here. 1772 blocks on good percentages. I still think he's more of a 100 to a 150 range guy where you you play Wiggins if you need points, a few boards, and a couple of defensive stats and don't mind what he typically does to your percentages. Draymond, punt points guy. Kuminga, yeah. I mean, you know, we've got his issues as well. Chris Paul has been trending down here lately. I'm gonna call him a soft hold, but he's not at you know, we're at so close to the end of the year that you're not risking very much if you do end up dropping him for somebody doing more. I'm okay with it, but I'm gonna hang on a little bit longer. As far as the heat go, this game was a blowout, so the minutes are a little bit kooky, and then no Jimmy Butler left the minutes also a little bit strange. Adebayo played 39 minutes because the game didn't really get out of hand until the end. But, I mean, you can look at the rest of it. Rozier, Adebayo, those are the 2 safe ones. Typically, when Butler's out, Jaimee Haquez junior has been good enough. He was not in this ballgame. But if Butler misses another one, I would probably consider. Haquez is a stream. Haywood Highsmith, no. Kayla Martin, head to head maybe. You know, if you're looking at a scheduling spot, heat schedule is nothing fantastic that plays, what, Friday, Sunday to finish off this week, so not particularly good. So this isn't really a team where you wanna do a whole lot of dumpster diving right now because the schedule stinks and because no Duncan Robinson means that the most obvious stream pickup isn't even there. Lakers, Bucks, I will never forgive myself for one decision on this game. This is where you all have to say, what decision was that, Dan? It was the decision to not the decision to record the game. I do that plenty because, typically, I record some of the ballgame and then watch the rest of it once my kids go to sleep. But the decision to only set the recording to go 15 minutes past the scheduled recording time because this ball game went 30 minutes beyond the end of the risk the scheduled recording time, A wild double over t a double over t double overtime, 19 point comeback win for the Lakers. They were down 19 with, like, 8 minutes to go. That was that was really something. Austin Reeves was right in the middle of it. Monster Q4. He was everywhere, hitting clutch shots, defending. Some in the water, man, woke him up. It was nice to see Reeves fighting on defense too. That that has not been something we've seen from the Lakers all season long. LeBron was out, so you knew Roy Hatchimura would have a slightly bigger ballgame. He did with 16 and 14. I thought you might get a better game from Spencer Dinwiddie, but he sort cashed in all of his shooting chips in the previous one. What I don't know and the reason I bring up all these names is who the hell is going to play for the Lakers tonight on their back to back in Memphis, which, you know, not the world's easiest back to back here. Milwaukee to Memphis is not a super long flight, but, you know, they got out late. It's not like the game is super late or anything like that. You're traveling, ever so slightly east, ever so slightly, not by a ton, but, by some. And then, you know, Anthony Davis played 52 minutes. Dilo played 50. Austin Reeves played 48 minutes. Dinwiddie, 42. Anthony Davis was playing through a little bit of a sore knee late in this ballgame. I think he got undercut a tad on a jumper. So I have no idea who's gonna play for the Lakers other than we're pretty sure LeBron will be back for this one. And it's not like they can just take an l right now. The Lakers need wins because what with the other stuff going on in the Western Conference around them, the warriors have been losing lately. So they've opened up a little bit of a gap between the 9 and the 10 spots. The Suns have the hardest schedule in the NBA, and they're only up 2 games on the Lakers. The Kings lost it, got blistered by a Mavs team that now moves a game up. They have a and they play each other again in a couple of nights. So you got this I didn't think there was any chance the Lakers had an opening to get to the 6th seed because, again, look, they they don't have the tie breaker with the Kings, so that's a big part of it. But all of a sudden now, they're, like, sniffing it. And more than anything, they'd love to get into the 7, 8 instead of the 9, 10 because at least it would give any of those teams, Kings, Suns, Lakers, Warriors, even if you wanna extend it up to Mavs. It gives any of those teams an opportunity to lose twice before getting punted out of the playoffs as opposed to you know, right now, Lakers warriors play in that 9, 10 game. Whoever loses, that's it. At least the Kings and the Suns, if you lose that battle right now, you play the team from the 9, 10 bracket. Those teams gotta win a couple to get through. That's a big I mean, the 7 8 is is a big jump from the 9 10, and then the 6 is obviously another gigantic jump from the 7 8. But I think the Lakers are looking at the sun schedule and thinking, man, we got a shot to outplay this team by 2 games, but we can't afford to lose any. So if anyone can go for the Lakers, I would expect them to go. But this is I mean, you're asking a ton off of 50 plus minutes the previous night that risks an injury. So if somebody's out, you might get another good one out of Hachimora. You might get another serviceable one out of Dinwiddie, and I would just sorta keep that on your front burner as, the the streaming spot to watch for the night. For the buckos, Bobby Portis played 30 minutes. He's been pretty good lately, but, you know, look. He and Malik Beasley are both gonna trend down here with Giannis and Middleton each playing and the Bucks, not having a back to back this week. They do have one early next week, so, you might get sort of, like, a one game pop from Beasley. And I know he he, was better in this ballgame. Oops. And I just realized that I forgot to start the recording back up. That's problematic. So we're gonna have to download this and digitize it. Oh, nuts. There's no hope, ladies and gentlemen. There's no hope. Oh, that was a mistake. So yes. I mean, obviously, you're gonna hold those guys through this week, but then just keep an eye on stuff for next week. Brook Lopez, blocks are way down. Bucks have changed the way they play defense, but it's not like you're gonna do anything with him. He's still their starting center, and he still has that big time blocks upside. But it's gonna be probably not a great end of the season for Brook, and something to very much keep in mind for next year. If they're not just exclusively dropping him into the paint every time on defense, then the blocks numbers are just not gonna be as high. OKC with the win over New Orleans, Shay Gilgeous Alexander, injured his quad in this ballgame. It doesn't sound like a major thing, but they are on a back to back now, home to take on a a Rockets team that's been surging. So keep an eye on that. If Gilgeous Alexander sits it out, do you maybe look at, Lou Dort one night one night play or a Josh Giddey one night play? I think the answer is maybe. I'm always a little bit reticent to drop these guys into a lineup, not knowing exactly what you're gonna get out of them. Head to head, it's an easier call than roto, but at at you don't wanna use a roster move on it. There's just sort of a lot of shots that get distributed among other people. And, usually, Dort takes enough of them when Shay's out for he's, you know, top 10125 range, and Gidi would probably be in that range as well. So you could probably do it if you're stat hunting what they provide. For Giddey, it's typically points or not points. It gives me rebounds, assists. That's sort of usually the kind. I always scored a bunch in this game, but we have to talk about what usually happens. And then for Jordan, it's mostly points and threes when he's doing sort of the fill in job. So, again, category hunting, think about it, but make sure, the status on Shay before anything else happens. Jose Alvarado left this ball game early, which is a shame because I have him on a couple of, Pelicans midweek light day streamer situations. Now the Pelicans first of all, I I mean okay. So you've got these fringy dudes that you're playing because they go Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. But on top of everything else, you've got Jonas Valancunas who played 11 minutes in this game, and we've a full we've officially bottomed out on him. You can drop on JV mostly because there's just not enough season left where even if it got turned around, it would really hurt you all that bad. But you'll hold him through these these you know, the Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday thing because what the hell else are you gonna do? Larry Nance, Najee Marshall, Alvarado, if he plays, these guys are all perfectly playable for the good schedule this week, but, typically, you're just going with the main 4 in roto. Keeping one eye on on Nance. Because, typically, if he's gonna play 30 minutes, he usually puts a fantasy value. He just didn't in this particular ball game. You're watching the minutes. You're not watching the end result of each individual ball game. And then Dallas blew out Sacramento. This game was was over relatively early, although Luca and Kyrie else each at least did get over 30 minutes, so that kinda salvaged it. Let's say salvaged. They each had pretty good ball games in 30 some odd minutes. Tim Hardaway's had 2 good ones in a row. I don't care. I don't. Daniel Gafford, only 22 minutes here. Part of that, again, was blowout related. He's a hold, for the Mavericks. They had that back to back to start their week, and, you know, now they go into a couple days off. They still have 2 more games this week, so it's not like it's the end of the world if you wanted to hold, head to head streamer level guys on that club. But as far as games cap players, it's just Luca, Kyrie, and Gafford. And finally, for Sacramento, if you're talking about games cap, you got Fox, you got Keegan, you got Sabonis. Malik Monk has very much slowed down when he hits these these quieter stretches, these poor shooting stretches, that's when you gotta be really careful. I like the minutes are still there. And, you know, with Kevin Herter out, it's tough for me to say, like, don't play Malik Monk. But I don't think it'd be the craziest idea in the world to just wait until he warms back up again if if you're going games cap style. And then Keyon Ellis, finally, you know, the other stuff, 104 and 2, but no defensive stats. A little bit weird there. I'm gonna give you know, with Roto, I'm gonna I'm gonna play Ellis where I badly need steals and blocks, or even where I kind of need steals and blocks as he has the upside to get a crap ton of them. And he'll usually hit you 1 to 2, 3 pointers a game as well. Head to head, Sacramento also still has a couple games left this week. So if you're streaming them before, you might as well just sort of see it through because no one has one game and nobody has 4 games left this week. It's all twos and threes, so there isn't much to gain on the head to head side by making a move. Roto, again, with Ellis, you're category hunting. With monk, you're kinda category hunting too, mostly points and some assists. Not sure either of those guys I mean, Ellis certainly has the potential to be inside the top 100 just because of how crazy the defensive stats are. Monk is much tougher for him to roll hard inside the top 100 if he's not scoring a ton. But it's, again, it's very hard this time of year for me to definitively say someone is in and someone is out. If they're even decent, then some teams need Ellis and some teams need Monk. I prefer Ellis because I prefer attacking certain categories and not, you know, again, like, where he hurts you is mostly points. Monk has the the potential to hurt you in a lot of places. That's why that that lower floor scares me a little bit more. But, again, either way, there are plenty of opportunities for both of these guys to be relevant, and Monk has been pretty good for long stretches this year. He's just in a little bit of a slump right now. I don't know. Hopefully, that made sense. Those are listening after the fact. So it's gonna take me a minute to get this thing edited down because I forgot to record the audio. What a dummy. If you have streaming questions, we will answer them on our streaming show a little bit later on today. And I think I can finally promise that the streaming show is gonna be quick because this is a terrible day to make roster moves. How's that for a great teaser for our streaming show? That'll be probably a 10 to 15 minute real quick burst, right after lunch Pacific time. But for now, we take our leave. Please remember, if you're new, if you're not new, like, rate, subscribe, please, especially this time of year. Wanna make sure that I can get my claws into you, all of you, so you come around and hang out with me again next year. Big thank you to doctor a, the man, the the legend, a true legend of fantasy basketball. That term gets thrown around. Doctor a is a legend. He's in the freaking hall of fame. Quick check-in the chat room before we wrap this thing up. I'm not gonna do a ton of questions here. Is it safe to play Al Horford from now for Thursday Saturday? So if you're talking about against the games cap, the answer is I don't really know because it sounds like Drew Holiday might be back. And if Derek White's back also, then that pushes Horford back to his 6th man role, which isn't bad. You know, he's 100 to 150 range as the 6th man as opposed to, like, you know, top 60 as a starter. So safe, no. But, you know, worst case scenario, he's still, you know, like, top 1 40 ish range, so not awful. Some notes on doctor a. Johnny writes, one of the first Fantasy Hoops columnist I followed, a legend. Please ask him if his son is still in the navy. Oh, I'm sorry, buddy. So this is actually a recorded segment that I just played. It might have tricked a few of you guys because I threw it up like it was happening live. So I didn't have a chance to ask him questions in real time. So apologies on that front. Doctor a, hall of famer, hope you and your family are doing well. Much love and respect from Indo. Awesome. Thanks, bud. Great stuff, Dan. I follow doctor a and Rick Kamala's show, the OGs. That's right. Kamala is also a legend. Is Wembie playing today? We don't know yet. Injury news is coming out, like, every 12 minutes right now, so you just stay glued to it, and you'll you'll get it. Even since our stuff at the beginning of the show, when we did participate in shootaround, but he remains questionable. Jonathan Kuminga is questionable. Jade Nivey got downgraded to questionable. Jalen Duran got listed as available, so he got upgraded. Trace Jackson Davis is questionable. Marcus Sasser just got downloaded to, no, sorry, upgraded to probable with an illness. And this is gonna be happening all day, so just watch the injury. Watch The Wire. It's gonna be straight and not so. Dan, do you think hitting on all your late round flyers is more important than getting the optimal first few rounds since they're kind of similar up there? Great question, Steve. No. In 30 deep, the answer is all of it is extraordinarily important. You're just not gonna win unless most of your stuff is working. In like, a typical redraft 12 teamer, not screwing up your first few picks is, in my opinion, the most important part. Because if you don't get a good first and second rounder, there's very few ways to make up for that. Getting some nice hits in the 5th, 6th round range, that's also very helpful, but those would only cover up part of a disastrous first rounder. And then, like, if you get a flyer in the 13th round that turns out awesome, that's great. But if you had a bad 1st round, or it almost doesn't matter, your season's just cooked. Do you think Mitch Rob has a better chance of being a league winner or a big trap? I'm gonna go big trap, my friends. I think he's gonna come along slowly. Is there a Marcus Smart timeline? Nope. Need to drop one between Alvarado, Najee Marshall, and Larry Nance. Well, it's probably Alvarado since he got lightly injured. Anyway, we'll see. Anyway, come on back around, everybody. We can talk some streaming a little bit later on. Again, I think it'll be quick today because there isn't a whole lot going on on that front, but you never know. Thanks for watching. Thanks for listening. Shout out again, doctor a, d o c k t o r a on social media. The legend. The myth. He's the man, and he's gonna kick my butt. Oh, well. Better to be destroyed by a legend. I don't know. Alright. See you guys later.