Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Good morning, everybody. Good late morning, Pacific timers. Good early afternoon. Everybody else, basically, except Hawaii, where I wish I was constantly. It finally stopped raining in Los Angeles just long enough for the first massive trade of the day to break. I know. I know. We're joshing. We're just having a little bit of our sillies today on the show. I gotta get my sillies out. I gotta wig jump dance my wiggles out or whatever those kids songs are. The first trade of the deadline week pandemonium. The Utah Jazz are trading Simona Fontecchio to the Detroit Pistons for a 20 24 second round pick. Whoo. And we also believe Kevin Knox. Woahj has 2 tweets on this. I was hoping that I could find a way to get them all into the same thing. It looks like it's a second rounder and, and Kevin Knox and the draft rights to Gabriel? Gabrielle? Get that right. Let's see here. What do we got? There's the other tweet. Let's see if I can get this one on the board as well. This one actually is probably better, honestly, so let's switch it. Give you guys the old what do you get to see on your screen switcheroony. Where is it? There we go. Alright. There's the full deal the details on it. I mean, I get it. We're, you know, we're having a little bit of fun here at the beginning of the show, and I've got my trade tracker sheet cooking. I have no idea how I'm gonna keep up tomorrow when all of this stuff is happening, and I'm already live on air. But, this is the 4th trade, basically, of the season, I think. We had OG, the OG trade right before New Year's. We had, Siakam, then Rossier, and now we've got Fontequio. I'm sure that the first thing you guys all wanna know is, should I do anything with this? And the answer is only in a very specific set of circumstances. We're going to give this one the, the Liam Neeson particular set of skills treatment, which is the particular set of circumstances for what you'd be doing here is and and I'm referring to 12 teamers. It's it's simply too hard to do a show where you're like, and what about 14 teamers? Well, what about 16? What about 18? What about 20? We got time today. If you're in a 12 team league, the player that benefits the most from this deal is Fotekio. The question, however, is, is it enough? His fantasy game is kinda middling by all accounts. This year, averaged about 23 minutes a game for Utah, Nine points, 3 and a half boards, point 6 deals, point 4 blocks, 1.83 pointers. That was sort of the big upward thrust for Funtekio, who's already a much older player, born in 1995, which is, like, ancient in the modern NBA. Yes. I feel very old. But he's in his late twenties already. So from, like, a developmental standpoint, he's gonna get little bits better, but there isn't this, like, big pivot coming for his fantasy game. So what you can see and then, you know, I always find it more helpful to go in and look at a player's game log to find out, okay. Well, what have they done in games where the role matches what we either expect or hope? And those two things sometimes align and sometimes they're very different. What we either hope or expect the role could be. In this instance, for Detroit, Woje was kind enough to send out another tweet in sort of a a bit of a mini storm from the man himself That said, and I quote, I'm not fast enough to get this one up on your screen. Also, you know what? Maybe I am fast enough. Let's see. Can Dan get this one on the screen? We're gonna go to Woja's feed, and we're gonna just scroll down past all these lovely advertisements on x to, this one. This is the one right here. Let's zoom in on it for everybody. Quote, Fontecchio will be a restricted free agent this summer, and Pistons made trade to keep him as part of franchise's longer term core. Bunteccio had a lot of suitors at trade deadline, 2 hyphens, and Pistons land him for an early 2nd round pick and draft rights to proceed. Poor Kevin Knox got left out of that tweet, but he's also a part of this as well. The thing that I think we wanna focus on, and I'm gonna try to highlight it, and I don't know if that's gonna show up properly on the video feed. But Pistons made trade to keep him as part of franchise's longer term core. That is key. What this this is verbiage that Woje doesn't come up with on his own. This is verbiage that is fed directly to the big news breakers because this is what teams want him putting out on their behalf. Meaning, Detroit told him this is not something that Utah is gonna leak. It's not something, I mean, maybe Fantechio's camp could leak it, but that wouldn't really help them. Who does this help? This helps Pistons try to endear themselves to a fan base a tiny bit more and to a player, frankly, a tiny bit more, who again is about to be a restricted free agent. So So he doesn't have that much in the way of opportunity, but it's good to build a nice relationship, and maybe that leads to something. Point is the only, really, the only entity that benefits by putting out a statement like this is the Pistons' front office. So you can kinda tell where it comes from. But it also tells us something. And, yes, it can all be bluster because Monty Williams can ultimately do whatever the hell he wants with his players. That's why we've seen Kevin Knox starting on a team that has, Aza Thompson waiting in the wings to develop and become an NBA star. Fadekio can shoot. That's the key here. So let's just play a brief game, because in a moment, we'll we'll look at the 7 games from yesterday, but I I didn't think it was, like, that hyper impactful of a card. The Rockets game, I thought, had, some stuff. The Grizzlies had a little bit of stuff. Brooklyn had a little bit of stuff, and that's kind of it from yesterday. So we'll we'll don't worry. We'll we'll laser in on those teams in a minute. But, again, you know, with the deadline coming and, honestly, something could happen while we're on air. I kind of frankly hope that it does because then I can just be like, hey. 1st. 1st. But, yeah, nothing nothing at this moment as of yet. The reason I bring this up is, okay, if they're gonna go out of their way to describe this player as a part of their core, which is pretty weird for a guy who's already 28, but let's just take it at face value, the assumption then is that he's gonna come to Detroit and he's gonna get to play, especially with Isaiah Stewart out. Because now you've got Kevin Knox out of the way. You've got Stewart sidelined, and you've got a team that desperately desperately needs somebody to be able to go hit a damn jump shot who's also not tiny. That's actually important. Fontecchio is 67, 68, somewhere in that neck of the woods. He's sort of a big guard, small forward kinda thing. So, you know, he's wingy. Everybody loves wings in the NBA these days, and Fontecchio's a wing who can shoot a little bit. What if we extrapolate his numbers? That's the game to play here. What if we extrapolate his numbers to 26, 27, 28 minutes per game? Now if the if the Pistons roster stays unchanged from this point forward and Isaiah Stewart comes back and Bojan Bogdanovic is still there and Alec Burks is still there, and Danilo Gallinari is still there, then things do get a little bit jammed up. No question about it. But I gotta think that Burks is on the block. We know Bojan Bogdanovic is on the block. They you know, repeatedly, they haven't gotten as much as they wanted to for him, so I don't think you can just assume he's gonna go anywhere. But let's let's take the best case scenario path here because that'll give us, I think, a pretty good indicator of whether we should even dig deeper. Is it even worth it? Fonsecchio at, let's say, 29 minutes. Well, that's a big number. It's a big number. He's at 23 for the season in Utah, and, you know, wasn't remotely close to good enough for Fantasy Valley. 23 minutes a game, he was outside the top 200. And it's not like the percentages were all that bad. It's just that he sort of wasn't doing very much. But there's a couple things at play here. 1st, let's extrapolate to 29 minutes. Let's call it a best case scenario, because I don't think there's any way he's playing 30. I I don't even think in a best case scenario, he's playing 30. So let's say 29 is the perfect stars aligned universe without a whole team getting hurt at the same time kinda thing. What does that mean for his numbers? Seven shots becomes what? Well, 7.2 in 23 minutes. 29 is 6 additional minutes, which is a little bit less. It's about a quarter more. It's about a quarter more. Quarter of 23 minutes is, you know, 5 and change. So it's about a quarter more. Quarter of 7 and some odd is, in the high ones, so 7 shots becomes, call it, 9. 7.2 shots becomes 9, which actually I think is is exactly an extra quarter there. So if he's at 9 points in 7 shots, which is again, you know, like, one point 2 8 ish points per field goal attempt. In 9 shots, it again goes up by about 2a half. So, 9 points becomes 11a half points. Assists goes from, 1 and a half to close to 2, not quite. Steals goes from 0.6 to 0.8. Blocks goes from 0.4 to 0.5 and a little bit, free throws, he'll take 1 a game instead of 0.8. Rebounds goes from 3a half to roughly about 4a half, little less. 4.4, I think. Yeah. Yeah. That's no. Yes. No. Yes. Is that good enough? Is 11 points, 4 and a half rebounds, 2 assists, and 1.3ish combined defensive stats? Mind you also, you know, about 2.22.33 pointers. That's not nothing. Is that a a top 100 fantasy play? And the answer is barely. Barely. And at 45% shooting an 80 at the free throw line, I think the answer is actually kinda barely not. But then we have to adjust for one other thing in our brains on this fun techy situation. That one other little thing is, is his role bigger in Detroit than it was in Utah? And that's kind of digging in on who gets the shots. Unfortunately, we can't answer that right now because we don't know if Bogdanovic and or Burks and or Gallinari and or whoever, if these guys are all gonna be on the Pistons past the trade deadline. Like, if you move say you moved Bojan Bogdanovic out of the way, that dramatically changes. Forget just the minutes for a fun tech yo. It dramatically changes the amount of looks he'll get. Bogdanovic is taking 15 shots a game and almost 4 free throws. That's a lot to put back into the main bucket. It's a lot. He would probably be the the the largest of the possible things that could get I mean, Cade, I know at 19 shots a game, but he's not going anywhere. Jai Nivey is at 11 shots per game and more than that lately. Some of that, of course, being with Cade out, so you kinda mix and match. But Burks has been at about 10, 11 shots lately when Cade was out, and Isaiah Stewart was at 10. Bogdan or Bojan is in that 15 range still. So, you know, what happens here? Because it's not like Kevin Knox took a bunch of shots with him on the way out. Yucky. No. So could Fonsecchio then go from 9 shots, say, Justin role alone to 10 if nobody gets moved? Possibly. What does that then change on his numbers? He goes from 11 and some odd points per game to 12 and a half or 13. Now are we getting close to a top 100? What if one of these guys gets moved? What if Burks gets moved and, you know, 8 to 11 8 to 12 shots off the bench get put back into the main bucket? Could you get Funtekio to 10 and a half? 11 shots? I think we're starting to ask a lot. Because if you look at Utah this year, there just aren't that many games where he took more than 10 shots. Then you can count them on 2 hands. Maybe less. November 29th, 30th, and December second, 13, 12, and 12. That's 3. December 11th, December 13th, that's 5. Say we need our second hand. December 21st, January 1st, January 3rd. That's it. 8 games all year. He's taken more than 10 shots. And I think in one game, he took exactly 10 shots. So if you wanna call it 9, that's fine. But that's basically what you need out of him. He needs to be taking 10 or more shots per game to have consistent fantasy value. And I know you can dig in there and you can say, oh, look, Dan. January 2030 took 9 shots. He had 18, 4, and 2. Yeah. I mean, he made 6 out of the 9 shots, and 5 of them were 3 pointers. That's the type of thing that levels off with some other game where he played 24 minutes and took 9 shots and made 3 of them. These things are just they're they balance out. That's December 16th, by the way. 25 minutes, 3 out of 9, he had 7 and 2. You gotta look for opportunity, and you gotta look for consistent opportunity. And if you go to those games where you took 10 shots or more, you could make an argument that this guy is a is a a 12 teamer even if the field goal percent is not that outstanding. Like, if you look at December 11th, December 13th, he didn't shoot that great in both of them. 7 for 11 and 1. That's good. 4 for 12 in the other. So 11 out of 23, a little bit below 50%. 6 threes, he averaged 17 points, 4 boards, 3 1 and a half assists. Excuse me. He did have a weird, measure of blocks in there. Came out of nowhere a bit, but, you know, one steal is where he came out. So, again, like, that's the thing. Can we get him up near 30 minutes? Can we get him to 11 or 12 shots a game? And the answer, I think, as the Pistons are currently constructed, is no. If they move Bogdanovic, the answer I think becomes probably. And then we're talking about being, right now, a player away from maybe being a top 100 guy. Just, again, analyzing how a fantasy game takes shape. And this is all part of the handicapping process. So, I know a lot of you are like, Dan, you've done 15 minutes on Simone Fontecchio. Am I adding him? And the answer is on head to head, probably not, because I think I'd rather save my 4 weekly moves for something bigger. I don't know what it's gonna be. Maybe it doesn't happen. I you know, there's no guarantee that a better trade pops up, but we we've talked on, you know, 3 different shows about guys that have stash appeal. Like, if Spencer Dinwiddie is on the move, I'd rather use a move on Dennis Smith Junior than Simone Fonsecchio. What are their names? You know, I wanna have a move available in case Daniel Gafford gets moved. Wanna have a move available in case Dejounte Murray gets moved. If none of those things shake out, okay, fine. Then someone else beat you to Simone Fonsecchio, and maybe they have, like, a top 125 fantasy guy, or maybe somebody gets moved, and he actually does get near the top 100. But I wouldn't use a move on it. The other question that's coming through is, does this help, Azzel Thompson? And I actually believe in the short term, it doesn't. Kevin Knox was starting for the Pistons, but he's not good. Sorry, Kevin Knox. I didn't intend to come on this show and clown on you. He's, a fringe NBA level basketball player, which makes him better than 99.9% of basketball players in the universe. But compared to these guys, he's not good. And, you know, Knox started the last ball game, but he only played 13 minutes. Simona Fontecchio is better than Kevin Knox as evidenced by the fact that the Pistons had to send more stuff to Utah to get Fontecchio than Utah had to send to get, in quotes, Kevin Knox. Fontecchio has a better chance of playing than Knox did because he's a better basketball player. So in the very short term, this actually hurts Nasser Thompson. I know that's not what any of us wanted to hear, but it's the honest to goodness truth. They brought in a better player than the guy they're sending out. Thompson is going to have a path to minutes at some point. I've said in this show many times, I think it's maybe more silly season than trade deadline season. Like, you know, if Bogdanovic gets shipped out and, and Burks gets shipped out, like, the Pistons really do peel off all the pieces. I actually don't think that it's a guarantee that these guys are gone because I think the Pistons badly need shooting around Cade Cunningham, and they just don't wanna play out the string. Well, look. They're bad, but right now the Pistons are more competitive than the Hornets and the Grizzlies. I don't think they wanna be that. It's been bad long enough in Detroit. They want to at least be fighting in these games even if they go down swinging. And they need shooters. It seems like Burks' contract is easier to move. That's why he's the name I keep mentioning as a guy that that could be traded here for Detroit. And Bogdanovic could get traded too. It's just get you know, someone's gonna have to pay up for him. He's he'll be more pricey for some other team, and I think the Pistons kinda prefer having him around veteran leadership, floor spacing, that kind of stuff on a team that has none. Pistons are the worst 3 point team. I think they were the worst 3 point team in the league the last time I looked, but maybe that's shifted since then. So, yeah, some of these guys could get cleared out tomorrow or later on today. And would that then help Thompson? Yes. Would it help Fontecchio, who they just brought in? That would also be good. But the answer to the question of, does this trade make you wanna pick up Thompson is no. No other trades went down in the 20 minutes we spent talking about this one. Womp womp. Let's quickly then welcome you to the show. I didn't even have a chance to say hi. Hello, everybody. I'm Dan Vesperis. This is Fantasy NBA Today, the day before the deadline. We got a day before the deadline. Actually, deadline, is, what, 24 hours and about 39 minutes from this very moment. Our show starts at 7:30 AM tomorrow. That's 19 hours and, 10 minutes from now. I'm very excited. Thank you, everyone. I kept asking and asking and asking to get to 750 pre likes on that thing, and we did it overnight. We got to, like, 756 or something like that. So I'm officially gonna stop bugging you guys to hit the pre like button. But I will remind you all, our trade deadline show starts at 7:30 in the morning tomorrow, Pacific time. We wanna be the 1st show on, because it's fun. Fun to be first. You had a nice chance to just yell at everybody before anybody else is awake and doing it. It's gonna be a 5 hour show. I'm really excited. We're gonna have a whole bunch of, internal ethos folks on it to break things down. We'll have Mark Camaro, our dynasty guide towards the end of the show to talk about some, you know, some of the smaller trades. They're gonna matter more on the dynasty side. We will I don't know if we're gonna have brew because remember, the big dog had surgery yesterday for a thoracic outlet syndrome, and, he's in recovery right now. But I'd love to get him hopped up on some goofballs, and, he could join us maybe from the hospital bed. But we'll have Keith Cork on as well. We'll have some, friendly some fresh new faces on the show that you guys haven't heard from before. Corbin will be back. John Mo Sales will be back. I never know if he wants me to call him Mo Sales or Mars Sales. John will be back. Paul and Gabriel will be some of our, new faces on the pod. And then, I bring you some sad news, however. The great David Williams has the flu, flu b. He was gonna be with me at the outset like we did last year, but, he's got a call out sick. No flu game for, for Dee Willie this year. So that's gonna be a lot of fun. Please do if you're watching on social, follow now at Dan Besbris. If you're watching or listening after the fact, however it is, it's at danbesbris. This, of course, is a sports ethos presentation. I'm very excited because today, tomorrow, these are, like, the most fun days of the whole damn year. Outside of, like, the days you have your fantasy drafts, there is no more enjoyable time to be a fantasy analyst than trade deadline stuff because it's just, like, constant insanity all the time forever. And, yeah, sometimes stuff doesn't happen, but who cares? Because everybody's watching. This is this cool day when everyone is paying attention to the NBA. And it's a few days before the Super Bowl, which is also kinda crazy. I'm gonna stop sharing that screen because now it's looks like it's just playing an ad of who the hell was that? That was that, that was that musician. Why can't I brain farting on her name. Ariana Grande, I think an ad was playing there, so we can close that down. What else? What else we got? What else we got? What else we got? Hang out in our Discord. That link is also in the show description as is the trade deadline show. All that stuff is is in the show description, so scroll down or however it is. Please, again, like, rate, subscribe, and I'm gonna yell at you a lot tomorrow to come find me on social media because there are gonna be, some new folks that are tuning in. That's also fun about trade deadline day. Gonna be a Wingding, my friends. Gonna be a Wingding. Let's, let's quickly go through yesterday's stuff. Just make sure we didn't miss anything super important. That's not yesterday. Apologies. We'll also zoom in so you guys can get a good look at it. There we go. Houston, no Freddy VanVleet for at least a week. That's one of the big pieces, for the Rockets right now. Dillon Brooks is gonna get more shots. I am not sold on him as a stream. Ahman Thompson got the start double doubled with rebounds, by the way. 3 blocks, 6 assists also missed a bunch of his free throws, but I feel like and this is again, you know, a do you spend a weekly move on Thompson? Probably not because this is a short term fill in thing. But, certainly, if you have unlimited moves, that's where you make the the pivot here as a Freddie VanVleet fill in. And, you know, there's gonna be some, maybe some issues. You saw it yesterday with the missed free throws. He's not a good foul shooter. He doesn't shoot 3 pointers, but he'll put up some defensive stats. As you saw, he can rebound. He can pass. I think he's worth a look here while Freddie VanVleet is out. I think we should probably also not put the cart before the horse and just expect him to be, like, a top 50 fantasy guy as a rookie ball handler. These are problematic times, friends, but there is enough there, you know, in terms of other stuff that you just sort of pray the free throws, the field goal, that stuff doesn't kinda sag him down. Do keep an eye on Dillon Brooks. Much as we mock him for his, ridiculous confidence, if he actually is gonna go take 15 shots a game with Freddie Van Bled out, you consider it. But we also need to bear in mind this game was against the Pacers team that doesn't bother to play defense. So everybody's always gonna put up bigger numbers. I think we should probably watch for one more game before doing anything on the Dillon Brooks front with the Rockets' sole, Freddie VanVleet. For the Pacers, Tyrese Halliburton, 29 minutes, friends. 29 minutes. We had our by low show yesterday, and I said he was a by low, and you had to do do it. And I didn't think we only had, like, an hour and a half to pull it off. Oopsies. Well, guess we need to do that by low show a little bit sooner. Anyway, Halliburton's gonna cost you again because no way people didn't notice he played 29 minutes instead of 22. This is awesome. If you can go get him I mean, honestly, spend anything up to, like, number 15 because he's now very close to getting revved back up to full minutes. I don't know if you can get him for anything in that range, but I think it's worth a try. You know, if you've got, like, a Tyrese Maxi, throw him out there. See if you can get Halliburton. Maybe Dame can get you Halliburton. Trae Young, probably not. Scottie Barnes, worth a try. I don't think anybody lower is gonna get it done. And I don't know how much higher I would go because some of those other guys are are cooking as well. You could go Paul George. Maybe get Jadirah Sala Burton. Who knows? Maybe it doesn't work after him, you know, after he played more minutes here, but worth a shot. Not too much to take away from Miami, Orlando. I think I'm downgrading Jonathan Suggs back to or Jonathan Suggs. Jalen Suggs to not super trustworthy. It looked like the defensive stats were coming along, and I don't wanna read too much into this game because the Magic got blitzed by the heat, but it also doesn't seem like I mean, we're in a situation now where Wendell Carter Junior is sort of probably points league is yeah. Banchero points league, yes. 9 cat, So Franz Wagner is the only 9 cat guy I trust on the Magic. That's where we're at. Not the other guys. Wendell and Paolo, yeah, sure. Points league side, Suggs, meh, pass, faults at this point. Faults also a pass for me. For the, Josh Richardson's had a couple of decent games in a row off the bench, but I'm not doing anything with it. Same story for Jaime Akins who had a decent game here, also not doing anything there. Jimmy Butler continues to rumble since coming back from his injury, but for all intents and purposes, the Heat are a team where you're playing the 4 name recognition guys. Butler, Rozier, Hero, Adebayo, move on. Oh, the grizzlies. Good gracious. Alright. So Trey Jamieson played 32 minutes at 12 and 7 with a couple of blocks. I think you can get away with watch listing him. Luke Kennard, should his body allow it? And I've gotta think that he's actually on the trade block for the Griz, but maybe not. Maybe they wanna keep him for, when they're putting the pieces back together next year. If Luke Kennard can get back up to 28 minutes or more, I would add him. Santi Aldama, I'm holding on to. I actually don't know why he only played 22 and a half minutes in this game, but he had 11, 4, and 5 with 33 pointers. So it's actually a pretty good line even in 22 minutes. I'd still expect Aldama, as he gets fully healthy, to ramp that back up into the high twenties. Maybe if we get lucky, low thirties, but I don't wanna guarantee anything on that front. And, again, then you're just hoping for decent percentages because he can give you stuff in every counting category if he's playing, you know, 27 to 32 minutes of ballgame. 22 here and a half would not be useful long term, but I'm gonna give him a little bit longer. Gigi Jackson's a no for me. Jacob Gilliard is a no for me. Vince Williams is a yes for me. Jon Konchar is a no, unless I think honestly, I think I need Luke Kennard back out again just to guarantee Konchar a few extra minutes. But, anyway, David Roddy has been a no for a long time. His fantasy game is not very good. For the Knicks, Jalen Brunson hurt his ankle late in this ballgame, relatively late. You can see, you know, some of these starters played 40 minutes. Brunson only played 31. That was why. If he's out, we saw Miles Deuce. McBride put up some pretty good numbers. Last time, Brunson had to miss a couple of ball games. Again, not using a weekly move on McBride, but if you wanted to stream him in a in a league where you didn't have a weekly moves cap, could probably do that. Precious Achuah is a start because he's playing 40 minutes. Steven Chenzo has been crazy in his run lately. Josh Hart got his knee looked at late in this ball game. Hopefully, he'll be good for the next one. We'll see, but he's also very much a start for the Knicks right now as well. Kinda lightning rounding this one a little bit. Ah, well. Dallas, both stars played. Luka was questionable and then got ruled in and ended up with 35, 18, and 9. Whoo, boy. Dallas could use a little bit of help around those 2 guys. Kyrie had 36. He was awesome. Also, Tim Hardaway's a drop with those 2 guys healthy. I don't care that he had 14 points and 7 boards. Tim Hardaway's not good enough when Kyrie and Luca are both playing. Derrick Jones Junior, no. Josh Green, no. I know he played 33 minutes. He had 2 good games prior to this one, but his fantasy game just doesn't hold the weight in the 9 cat side, and he's a a candidate to maybe get traded. Maxey, Kliba is somewhat interesting. He didn't have a great ballgame here because Luca took every rebound. But Kliba, typically, if he gets these full starters minutes, he is 9 cat startable, and he's been playable basically over his last 3. Two good ones and then this kinda quiet one. I'll be honest. I don't know exactly when Derek Lively is coming back. They've been kinda covert on that timeline. But if Kleba really is gonna start and get full starters minutes, which he did here now basically 3 games in a row, I would probably use an ad on him on the side. Again, not spending weekly moves on short term stuff in head to head right now. Don't do it. Gotta save those moves for tomorrow. Miguel Bridges, decent game. Nick Claxton, decent game. Spencer Dinwiddie, I've been calling him a drop for a month. He might get traded somewhere where he could be useful, but it does feel more like anybody trading for Dinwiddie is gonna use him as kind of like an around other bigger pieces kinda dude. So I think Dinwiddie's a straight drop. Ben Simmons is an interesting one we kinda have to pause on as well. He had 99 and 7 in 20 minutes. He's playing fast and hard in his limited minutes right now, which to me says, okay. Fine. Roto, add him, sit him on your bench until his minutes get up to a higher number. Head to head, I don't know that you can play Simmons because he's gonna sit back to backs, and he's gonna I mean, I'm gonna be constantly worried that he's gonna get hurt again, which is very much in play. And it's gonna take still even if he doesn't get hurt again while sitting back to backs, it still feels like it's gonna take another week or 2 for him to get up to a number of minutes that you can say, oh, yes. I can reliably start this guy. So I just I I don't know how you start a guy who you know, even when he was playing well the 1st couple weeks this season, he was still, like, sitting just outside the top 100. That's not a player you could hold in head to head if they're also taking back to backs off. That's not good enough. You can't get a you know, if he's got a 4 game week with a back to back, top 100 guy in a 3 game week is often gonna get bested by a top 125 guy in a 4 game week. And, yes, some of the Ben Simmons stuff is because of the free throws. If you're punting, that makes it a little bit of an easier decision, but that's where I'm at with him. I think I'd be much more inclined to stash him in a place where you don't need to play everyone every day. Cam Thomas, I am continuing to call a, sell very high when you can. I like the 8 boards and the 8 assists. That was kinda cool in this one. The percentages are eventually going to obliterate him, and they're doing it. What is he? Something like is he 6 for 16 here and 4 for 21 in the last one? What's that? 10 for 37, last two ball game. I mean, he'll lose you a category by himself some weeks, which, again, like, he's putting up these big popcorn numbers, so you you have a shot to go out there and get aim top 65, top 75, something like that, top 80. If it works, you do it. Royce O'Neal had a decent ball game. I expect him to get traded or certainly on the block. Dorian Finney Smith, who knows if he gets traded or comes back. I'm hoping Dennis Smith junior can end up on some of my teams, but, again, that's gonna require Spencer Dinwiddie get out of the way, and that hasn't happened yet. Nothing for you on the Timberwolves. Not much for you on Chicago other than, you know, one little footnote on this game. I would assume who came back off the bench again and had a quieter ballgame because Andre Drummond got the start in kind of a, like, a goal line package for Chicago. They went huge. Drummond and Vooch is their starting frontcourt as big frontcourt, but they could do it because the other side had Gobert and Cat. So they could have Vooch go chase Cat around, and Drummond could deal with Gobert closer to the paint. Bulls had a wild comeback in this game. Kobe wide, Vooch, DeRozan, just huge, huge, second halves in particular. Someone's asking me, I think, in the chat room, and I I wanted to address it anyway. Should we pick up and stash Andre Drummond? I don't think this is a repeatable lineup for, the, Chicago Bulls, And I think we may have actually just had a trade, everybody. Oh, that's fun. Oh, here we go. Let's finish up going over the box scores because we're almost done there, and then we'll, talk about the next one because it's the grizzlies unloading a player that wasn't really playing anyway. So, yeah, you're not gonna need to do a whole lot else with this, but we'll break it down. Don't worry. Let's do the last of the box score here, and then we'll we'll talk about the next one. Where were we? Okay. Oklahoma City, nothing. Utah, let we just talked a little bit about the jazz. You can see Fontecchio with a little trade logo by his name there. This is another one where different lineups had success for Utah. So Chris Dunn saw some extra time, and he had a monster fantasy game. Keontae George was playing well. Walker Kessler has gotten a couple extra minutes in the last few ball games. That's good to see. There isn't anybody that I'm picking up and just stashing on Utah because we've heard Dunn could get moved. We've heard Clarkson could get moved. We've heard Olynyk could get moved, which that would actually, I think, really help Walker Kessler and John Collins a little bit if, if Olinic got traded. Right now, you're still starting Sexton and Kessler and Markkanen and Collins. Sorry. Throw him into the mix as well every day right now for Utah because John Collins getting center minutes has completely woken up his fantasy game. You're not picking up Chris Dunn. You're not picking up Keat De George, because this Fonsecchio trade doesn't really change his path all that much. If Clarkson gets traded, that could kind of unleash George. Although, I don't know that I want him fully unleashed because then you get the sort of rookie guard stuff creeping back in. But, yes, Kounte is kind of on your watch list right now. If Clarkson gets traded but Chris Dunn doesn't, that's also one where you can be like, oh, maybe that thing kinda creeps in. But, again, save your moves until something happens until something happens. Someone in the chat room mentioned, Taylor Hendrix being helped for the Jazz. Okay. But unless they go into full blow it up mode, this is a guy who's playing in the g league right now. So he has more than one player to jump to get full NBA minutes today. I mean, yes. Long term, yes. But short term, it still still weighs off on that one. And, let's talk about the last game on the card, then we'll pivot back to the trade that just went down. Milwaukee loses again, but they were down a bunch of players. Khris Middleton got hurt early. There was no Dame. There was no Brook Lopez. So I wouldn't read too much into this one. Malik Beasley is the very obvious ad when big, usage guys are down. Bobby Portis is the play when Brook Lopez is down. So if Middleton has to miss any time, I think I might consider a Beasley ad. Just try to see if you can get 3 plus 3 pointers for a week or 2 or whatever it turns out to be. And then hopefully Brook will be back, so we don't have to worry about Portis much longer. I know Jae Crowder also played 40 minutes here. They were just a distinct lack of bodies for the Bucks. But Beasley is the one that you're looking at first or Portis already, and then Beasley is sort of the next one in line there. And for Phoenix, you start the starters. That's an easy one. Alright. Let's get back to the trade that just went down. I wanna make sure that I'm properly sharing that. I also wanna make sure that I can tweet about it so people know that I'm talking about this trade. So there you go. Let me read the trade out loud, and then I'm going to mention that, we're talking about it live on air. The Memphis grizzlies have traded Xavier Tillman to the Boston Celtics for 2 second round picks, and this is a big, mighty ho of a trade. This trade means nothing, really, because Tillman wasn't really playing. Did he even log a minute in yesterday's game? No. Not one minute in yesterday's ballgame for Xavier Tillman. So we just talked about the grizzlies. What you saw yesterday the only thing that this changes is, you know, like, Trey Jamieson will see a little bit more consistent playing time. There really isn't many guys floating around that are gonna come in and and take all of Santi Aldama's minutes. The grizzlies are an absolute dumpster fire. Let's let's be clear. But Tillman wasn't playing anyway. They were putting him on ice basically for this moment because he was gonna be a restricted free agent. I don't think they wanted to pay him. And then, you know, now they don't have to worry about it. So easy peasy lemon squeezy. Xavier Tillman is gone. He will be doing very little for the Boston Celtics. He is basically big man insurance in case Porzingis gets hurt and or Horford gets hurt because the Boston big men are a little bit on the brittle side slash old. But as far as the grizzlies go, you know, you're getting to see it already. Everybody's getting a chance, which is kind of annoying because that whittles us down to right now, Vince Williams is kinda like the only guy you're like, yeah. That guy gets to play every day. Again, like I just said, Luke Kennard, if he can get up near 30 minutes, he'd be someone I'd play. If Aldama can get up near near into the high twenties, he's someone that I would play. And I'm holding Aldama in a few spots because, again, provided his percentages go back to what they were last year, he would actually be kind of interesting. Points, threes, boards, assists, steals, blocks. You just have to hope he doesn't kill you in field goal and free throw percent. And then I'd like to see a little more out of Trey Jamieson. I'm not spending a weekly move on him. And, frankly, I don't think I'm spending a move on him on the side either. I'd I think we'd probably see some games of Jaren Jackson the next few weeks, not all of them. He'll get plenty of time off. I don't know if Trey Jamieson is even on a guaranteed contract yet, so this could just vanish overnight. And that's why I would trust, you know, someone like an Aldama a little bit more. But keep an eye on the grizzlies. Again, not a whole lot to do as a result of this trade, other than for me just to kinda put it on the list. I gotta update my trade board. Yeah. Well, you know what? I asked for trades, and I got trades. And, I didn't get the trades I wanted, but I got some trades that actually happened. I think we've basically talked about everybody today. Is there anything we didn't cover? I don't think so, at least in terms of what's going on so far. Tough road, man. Memphis is billing everybody 23, 24 minutes a game. Yeah. Here you go. Good call, shining night. Make sure you don't have Tillman rostered is the result of the straight. He goes from being someone you definitely shouldn't have rostered to someone you definitely shouldn't have rostered. Anyway alright. If something crazy happens in the next few hours, I might try to pop back on for a sort of a quick hitter show, but it would have to be, like, a big name trade, not more of these sort of little ones. These happened to occur right around the time I was gonna be doing this show anyway. But, like, you know, Dejounte Murray, if he gets moved, I'll probably pop on and do a live show. If not, if it's all little stuff, we'll save it up. We'll have more to talk about tomorrow. Big live audience today, which means that I need to ask you guys to please come find me on social. There it is over there. I gotta use the hand that's not blocking my face. At danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. Definitely hope you guys find me. We do a lot of work on social media. And please please come hang out with us on our trade deadline live show tomorrow. It is going to be a freaking wingding. That's right. It's gonna be both a wing and a ding. There's the link on your screen for those that are watching the video. It's very much in the show description. I expect you guys to subscribe however you're taking in the show, but, obviously, if you wanna watch it live, that'll be on YouTube tomorrow. I think we might do it live on Twitter as well. So make sure you're subscribing to YouTube, following on Twitter. That way, you guys can get alerts when we roll. Again, it is at 7:30 AM Pacific time tomorrow. Shout out all also to our buddies over atmanscaped.com. Promo code, you guys know it. Ethos 20. Get 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscaped.com. 20. Ethos 20. 20% off on your order atmanscaped.com. Go check them out. You can look better than I do today because I haven't used my my grooming. That will be, prior to the live show tomorrow. I wanna be beautiful for all of you, Thursday morning. I'm I'm gonna try not to talk the rest of today because tomorrow, we got a 5 hour live show, and I'm doing 2 basketball play by play games in the evening. God help me. I'll get through it somehow, but, not by yelling a bunch more today. Thank you again, everybody. I appreciate y'all, and I'll see you on social. We'll talk to you soon. Very longest case. We'll talk to you first thing tomorrow morning. So long for now.