Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Good morning, everybody. We finally, finally have some games to recap from yesterday. It would appear that my lighting is just a tad extreme. We're gonna bring that down to a more mellow, sexy, dare I say? Lighting situation here in my, bedroom slash office slash bathroom slash cave. That's better. That's better. Not too shiny. I'm a pasty fellow. I'm fully aware of that. I am what you'd call pink of skin, but I don't need to illuminate that for everybody to see. Welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. It's Thursday. Just one show today. We've been going heavy on the episodes these days, but only one show today. Find me over on social at Dan Bespirus. You know, a few years ago, I didn't think that I would care about this sort of thing, but now I'll fully admit I do. I'm at 19,703 Twitter followers, and I wanna get to 20. I know. It's embarrassing. I shouldn't care. But social media gets this grip on you. And now that I have this, what you'd call, very niche level fame, Now I want it. Now I crave it like a weirdo. So if you could help out on that front, go drop a follow over on x.com to at Dan Besper, so I'd be most appreciative. This is, of course, a sports ethos presentation. Fantasy NBA Today always is a sports ethos presentation. That site is sportsethos.com. And the Twitter handle for all your NBA news is ethos fantasybk. By the way, we are, looping up around on baseball in the not too distant future. Yankees acquired Juan So to yesterday, so the hot stove is warm. And, Joe Orico and his amazing baseball team will start having content pumping out for you here, basically, right after the New Year. I know he's got a show going right now, but it's almost baseball fantasy draft time. So that's pretty cool. Other good stuff going on over at Sports Ethos. That's ethos fantasy b b for baseball. If you wanna go follow them as well. But let's dive right in because we actually have some things to recap today. That's fun. We didn't for a while there. Got a mellow level recapping. Eleven games yesterday and lots of injury related stuff. And, basically, any game where we don't have an obvious one is a small victory in the grand scheme of things. And that first one almost had an injury. Daniel Gafford left early, came back, however, just before halftime, and ended up putting up another terrific fantasy line. He did also foul out in 23 minutes because that's the magic of Joel Embiid. But, I mean, Washington kept this game competitive, which was kind of fun for everybody because it meant that Embiid went for a 50 spot. There's just nobody that could guard him on that other side. They had they had Danilo Gallinari trying to guard Embiid for a while. De'Anthony Melton. Remember when you guys were asking if you should drop De'Anthony Melton? This is why you don't. He's inside the top 80 now after that slow start. Kelly Oubre made his return from injury, played 19 and a half minutes at 12 points, 3 boards, and an assist. Looked a little rusty, but overall pretty good. I would say make sure he's not on your waiver wire because I think as we settle in here, his minutes will trend back towards that 26 to 31 range. And he played relatively well even after the Harden trade before getting hurt. It wasn't obviously as big as when guys were out and Harden was sitting and they didn't have Batum and Covington and whoever else, Marcus Morris. Because those guys combined played something like 51 minutes yesterday, but O'Bray's gonna take some of those minutes back. I also think we're in a little bit of a buy low on Tobias Harris for whatever that's worth. He started the year super hot just like he did last season. He's now cooled a tad. He'll be okay. Just kinda finding his space. And, honestly, in this ballgame, anybody taking a shot besides Embiid was kind of a win for the Wizards because Joel was fully unstoppable. Anyway, make sure Batum or, make sure Oobre is not floating around on your waiver wire. As far as the wizards go, if they can keep games close, we can get okay fantasy lines. Tyus Jones had 20 points and 8 assists with a steal and 2 blocks. Fantastic line from Tyus. And this is why I cannot ever advise a drop on this dude because if the Wizards and they're the Wizards are at about 50% of their games have been competitive this year. If that number was just 55% right now, Thais Jones would be inside the top 100. As it stands, he's at 103 on Basketball Monster, which, I mean, honestly, that's as close as you can get without actually being inside the top 100. But I think you guys sorta get what I'm what I'm not at all hinting at here, which is that there just aren't that many guys floating around out there that have that level of upside. Meaning, all his team needs to do is remain competitive until the final 2 minutes of a basketball game, and Tyus Jones is a top 75 or better play. Yahoo actually has him ranked number 94. So he's actually inside the top 100 on Yahoo right now. It just sort of depends on what metric you're looking at. And guys are also bunched together as, of course, a garbage truck goes by. Guys are so bunched together that the difference between 103 and 94 is basically negligible. It's like one steal for Tyus Jones so far. So, I mean, that's basically the same thing. 10394. Those guys are separated by nothing. That's the same separation as, like, one slot in the second round. But, again, this is why you're hanging on to these dudes. Even Jordan Poole was a little bit better in this ballgame. He did no peripheral stuff, but at least he didn't shoot all that poorly. Kyle Kuzma, you guys know my stance on Kuz, and you guys can keep arguing with me all you want. But I've watched him long enough to know that the stuff we were seeing from him and have basically seen for this season so far is just not who he's been for his whole career now. Meaning, the 47% from the field and 82 and change the free throw line, those are numbers that are just likely to come down. Maybe the field goal percent stays a little higher, but I don't expect that free throw to hold. And when it does, then you see the tapering. He's already down to number 72, and it's not the counting stats that are doing it. He's being held by percentages that to me feel like ones he probably can't. So the nice thing about Kuzma and we've had him on the sell high board a couple of times, so I don't wanna go too deep down that rabbit hole. But because he's scoring 23 points with 6 boards and 5 assists and 2 and change 3 pointers, you could probably trade for someone who is very close to him in rank because most people don't think that he's a traditional sell high, and that's fine. Jakob Poeltl's right nearby. Yousef Nurkic right nearby. Jared Allen. I don't think you're trading for Zach LaVine who just got ruled out for another month, unless they trade him before then, because then he'll probably play wherever he goes. DeMar, Vooch, these guys are all in the sixties. You could probably get most of them for Kuzma. Let's keep moving. Memphis, gigantor game from Desmond Bane. Gigantor game. Launched himself up back inside the top 20 on the year with this one. He's now number 19 per game. Only, however, 5 more games until Ja comes back. So at at some point here, Bane is gonna take a small hit. And, look, let's be on it. I mean, we know there's gonna be a hit. We just don't know exactly how large it's gonna be. It's probably not gonna be inside the top 20 once Ja Morant comes back. He'll still be fine. He's not like it's gonna turn Desmond Bane into a bad fantasy player. But if you can move him right now for someone inside the top 25 or top 30, I think I would try to do so. If you can't, that's fine. He's still gonna be good. He's just not gonna be quite this good. J j j, 24 points on good shooting with 3 blocks little by little. Baby steps are being now obviously playing against the Pistons house, but there's a couple good ones in a row for Jared Jackson. We had him on the buy board a couple of times when he was hovering in the nineties, and then he dropped outside of the top 100. And now he's back into the seventies. Just a few good ball games is all it takes. I don't know that anybody else healthy at least on the Grizzlies needs to be rostered right now. Basically, everyone else split the minutes almost evenly. There are, like, 6 or 7 other guys that all played about 24 minutes in this ballgame, which means that's not really enough for any of them. The closest you might argue I know Jon Conchara had the best Fantasy game yesterday, but we're talking more about sort of the the aggregate, would be Santi Aldama who played 26 minutes. That was the highest mark of anybody not named Bane or Jaren Jackson in yesterday's contest. And we also know that Aldama can put up some fantasy stats. So if you have a roster spot, you can hang on there. I don't think you have to, though. Jalen Duran, another ankle injury. He made it at least to the end of this ballgame basically before having to come out with it. Basketball Monster says he's out 5 ball games. It's that's sort of an educated guess. We haven't gotten a report on it. Presumably, it'll be a couple at least because he has lingering ankle stuff, and they're not gonna push him. Not when you've got a team that's losing no matter what you do. What we don't know is who the hell is gonna play for him because Marvin Bagley has been completely eliminated from the rotation. James Wiseman finally saw 8 minutes of action yesterday. They could just go small. You might see them go small. You might see Isaiah Stewart as the full time 5. And if that's the case, then he would be a pickup because he's been terrible playing as a power forward. But I don't know. There's been no indication as to what the next thing they're gonna try is in Detroit, And losing Duran is is pretty crushing because he was actually a plus 2 in this ballgame that, as you may recall, they lost by 14. So, rut row, bad gets worse for the Pistons who haven't won since October. Well, at least Boyan Bogdanovic is kicking butt. He's definitely not on Waver Wires anymore, so hopefully you got in there and stashed him before he came back. Jaden Ivey has 5 defensive stats to show for his 24 minutes in this game. I'm not trusting him if he's coming off the bench. Killian Hayes played 27 minutes at 12:4:4. I think you could probably hold on Hayes. I'm not super excited about him because so far in his young career, the Fantasy game hasn't really, fleshed itself out yet, but he is starting. And we heard Monty Williams say that he's gonna shorten his rotation. So I don't know if that means that, you know, more minutes for Hayes, maybe more minutes for Ivy. Hard to say. Regardless, there are some questions now for the Pistons. One of them being us r Thompson and whether or not he's ever gonna play decent minutes again. I'm gonna assume the answer is yes at some point, but he's been benched here. And I don't expect that to magically flip in the next ballgame, but you never know. Here's the thing. We had him on our cell board, not, 2 days ago, but the previous week. Saur Thompson, he was already falling, and I was like, this dude's gonna fall farther because he's a rookie, and he hasn't even really hit the rookie wall yet. And then it got way worse because he got benched and his minutes got cut in half, basically. I think he's gonna get dropped in a lot of spots. And I don't think it's that crazy to drop him if you have him because you probably need somebody on your team that's actually producing something. Problem, of course, is that we've now seen what he can do when he gets actual playing time. And we'd all feel a little bit silly if he was on somebody else's team when he starts playing decent minutes again, which I have to believe will, at some point, come back around this year. So if you have Thompson, do whatever you can to try to stash. If you don't, watch the person who has him like a hawk because he may end up on your waiver wire. Another early injury from yesterday's card was Jalen Suggs, and this one was kinda stupid because he turned an ankle or kind of, like, landed awkwardly while going for a steal, and it almost seemed like the ankle flexed backwards instead of to the side. And then he tried to play through it, which is just like the ultimate idiotic move. Someone should have been like, Suggs, you've been hurt your whole career so far. Don't push it right now. They were down, like, 20 points at the time too. But then he tried to play through it, elevated to get a block shot, which he did block, by the way. So he ended up with 2 steals and a block in yesterday's game. But it seemed like that ankle was hurting even before he landed on that jump for the block shot. Either way, he was not moving well. It took 2 players to kind of shoulder carry him off the floor. I'm gonna assume he's out for a little while. We don't have a a report on him yet. And people were like, Dan, do I go pick up Gary Harris? He doesn't really have fantasy game anymore. There's a fleeting possibility that Gary Harris could put up fantasy numbers. Fleeting. But even when you look at his games this year, even when he's gotten 28, 29 minutes, it's been iffy. You know, yesterday, you ended up playing 31 minutes off the bench. He had 8, 3, and 3 with a steal. He's just not a focal point. If he gets hot, that's the only way that it happens. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Kind of a threes and steals streamer, but not much else. The real end result of this is that, Jaylen's or, Cole Anthony is is just gonna have more on his plate. And you saw it already yesterday. 19 7 and 2 with a steal in a couple blocks. He played 32 minutes. Even while Cole Anthony's been hot lately, he hasn't been playing typically this many minutes. 29 seems to be the number that they've kinda landed him on, but he's almost gonna have to get in the thirties now. You can expect low thirties in minutes, which makes him very much a play in all formats. He already was because he'd been running so hot for about two and a half, three weeks. But now there's, like, there's nothing standing in his way. That's Cole Anthony we're talking about. Goga Butadze and, Moe Wagner in this battle for setter minutes, it's kind of turned into, like, bag of sand against bag of sand, and neither one of them ended up being useful. There was a stretch there where Goga looked like he could hunt, kinda hang out near the edge of the top 100, but even that doesn't feel like it's necessarily set in stone. You you can do better elsewhere, and we'll tell you where in just a game or 2. Nothing really on the Cleveland side other than I'm still getting questions about whether or not I think Max Strouse can keep it going. I'm like, still number 57. We're 2 months into the season now. He had 5 fouls, by the way, in yesterday's game. If you're wondering why Strouse's minutes were down by, like, 3 or 4. George Niang also played a little better. Every once in a while, you get that big Niang game, and Struss loses 3 or 4 minutes, but not much to worry about there. And then Jared Allen had horrible foul trouble. He had 5 fouls in 19 and a half minutes. If you're worried about that one, that also contributed to extra niang. But don't worry about Jared Allen. He's he's been fine. He actually put up an okay fantasy line in this one other than the 4 turnovers in only 19 minutes anyway. The zombie heat knocked off the Raptors who really I mean, this is kind of an embarrassing loss for Toronto. Heat were without Tyler Herro and Bam Adebayo and kinda trounced them. The Robinson Twins, that's a joke, by the way. I'm fully aware that they're not related. Orlando Robinson filling in for Bam Adebayo at center. He's a great fill in play right now because we know Bam is still a couple games away. And I think Orlando Robinson is floating around on most waiver wires because everybody's looking at it like, you want me to pick up a who? But he's had 3 games this year, Robinson has, where he's played basically 28 minutes. There was another one where he played 26, and even that one was pretty decent. If you look at the 4 games, screw it. We'll just log them all where he's played 26 minutes or more. His numbers in those were 11, 7, and 7 with a steal. That was in 26 minutes. In 27 and a half minutes, he had 14, 9, and 2 with a steal two blocks. And his last two games, 16, 5, and 3 with a couple of 3 pointers, and this most recent one, 15, 12, and 4 with 3 steals of block and 2 threes. He looks like a juicy, juicy stream play right now, and I am fully blown away that he's not more universally rostered for as long as Bam is out. Orlando Robinson looks like he has some serious fantasy game. So add him in as many places as you can because I believe the last report we got on Adebayo, and we can check on this, but I'm pretty sure that he got ruled out for a whole week. Anyhoo, Duncan Robinson, also a stream while Tyler Herro is out. Caleb Barton is a little bit more iffy. 24 and 12 here, but he's been he sort of appears and disappears, fully almost at random. This was like the Caleb Barton we saw in the playoffs for the Heat last year. He's played big minutes in, you know, basically 5 consecutive ball games, and he's been able to score a little bit in those. But this was the only one where the peripheral stats were usable. He did have a 7 rebound game to go all the way back, like, 4 or 5 games back. So if you wanna stream Caleb Martin, I'm not totally against it. I'm a little bit against it because he's running super hot right now. He shot 50% or better in 5 consecutive ball games. And we've seen when he can when he really starts cooking, like the playoff Caleb Martin, that he can be a hell of a fantasy play. But, unfortunately, he only has 3 steals and a block over those 5 games. The assists have been, like, you know, whatever. The rebounds have been okay, but mostly, it's been points threes on good field goal percent. And that to me is, like, maybe makes more sense in head to head than roto. It's not, like, quite enough categories for me to really take the plunge, especially because the field goal percent could cool off at any moment. And then you don't have those other categories to fall back on in a way that I know this sounds crazy to say. Duncan Robinson is actually putting up some stuff in other categories besides just threes. Even Kyle Lowry, who had a terrible ballgame here, he's been streamable with Tyler Herro out. I think we might be seeing a little bit of the shine come off of Jaimee Jacquez Junior. And it's to be expected. Young dude had all the adrenaline in the universe for those first few ball games. He still played okay yesterday, but the rebounds have tapered, the assists, the steals, all that stuff, the the energy stuff is tapering as he starts to sort of get those, what do you call, kinda walking in mud a little bit now. All that to say, I think I like the Robinson streams, Lowry, and then if you need threes and some points, you probably go Caleb Martin. Josh Richardson also played 31 minutes for whatever that's worth, but, he's the guy you certainly trust more when Jimmy Butler's out. For Toronto, OG Anunoby finally finally with a really nice ballgame. He's gonna need a few more to get anywhere near where he was drafted, but he's a guy we've had on our buy low board. So it's good to see some of those coming around. Pascal Siakam also had a nice ballgame. He's also been a pretty obvious buy low. The question more was, like, what the price on him, I don't think was quite low enough. And then, you know, not surprisingly, Scottie Barnes is is not gonna be able to put up those ridiculous numbers every single ballgame. He's still number 14. It's been an unbelievable start to the year. I just I feel pretty strongly that Scottie Barnes is gonna end up falling back towards 25. Again, still very, very good. But if you can get somebody inside the top 20, I think I probably would for him. And then the one that was making me feel like a total idiot was Dennis Schroder who has now fallen outside the top 110 after his hot start. He's been outside the top 150 for the last 3 weeks in a row, and I no longer feel like an idiot. Thank goodness. Great head to head play for points and assists and some free throws, but very weak in a handful of categories, and that's what's been weighing him down. And Dennis Schroder is now back exactly where we thought he would be. Phew. Ended up getting that one right. Just a weird path to get there. Brooklyn over Atlanta in a game that had over 4040, 4 0 lead changes in it. That's one of the most ever since league changes in a ballgame were tracked. Kind of a fun little stat. Cam Johnson, rolling along. He was another one of those by lows who I thought we were able to get. Even after he had already jumped from, like, 120 up to 90, I still thought he was a by low. And he's been rolling top 50, 55 range the last 2 weeks. And I still don't know that anybody's even really noticed. Dorian Finney Smith has been serviceable off the bench. I don't think that he's, a roto play. The guys you probably want me to talk about are Spencer Dinwiddie and Cam Thomas who both had their minutes down in this ballgame. Actually, a lot of the Brooklyn players had their minutes, like, semi shaved a little bit here. Bench units were having good runs, so they got a little bit of extra run. So don't worry too much about that. That's why Dennis Smith Junior got a little extra, and Finney Smith got a little extra, and Deron Sharp got a little extra. Royce O'Neil got a little extra. I have been saying on this pod for a week that I'm worried about what's gonna happen to Dinwiddie when Cam Thomas comes back. This isn't really how I thought this was gonna go. Cam Thomas was always someone that was gonna run either extraordinarily hot or extraordinarily cold. This terrible ballgame dropped him down to number 94 on the season because basically all he's doing right now is points and free throw percent. Steals, blocks are low, assists, rebounds, low. I guess threes is okay. And, you know, that's enough because he's been good enough in those categories to where it it's floated his value. But when you're only good in 2 or 3 categories and if you have a bad game in those categories, it it really looks bad. And that's sort of what happened here. But you're obviously holding on to Cam Thomas. You're holding Dinwiddie. Although, I will repeat again, historically, he doesn't have the world's greatest fantasy game. Low field goal percent, free throw percent, that's kind of a net neutral, which is unusual. Guys that have low field goal and take a lot of free throws, usually they're the guys that kinda help you in 1 or the other. He doesn't really help you in either one, and he hurts you a lot in field goal. Turnovers tend to be on the higher side. He's been able to keep those down so far this year, But he reminds me a lot of Dennis Schroder. He'll get you points, assists, not the same free throw percent, but better 3 pointers than Schroder. But it's hard for guys that are only good at a couple categories to stay high enough rank wise. And so I do still have this feeling that Dinwiddie's gonna end up back outside the top 100. You guys can yell at me all you want, but we've watched him long enough to know what he is when he's not getting super efficient looks right next to Luka Doncic. And that is a guy who's high usage, but sometimes hurts more than he helps. You're almost definitely holding him in head to head also, but I I I like, I'm not playing Dinwiddie in roto right now. If I had him on a roster, I wouldn't play him. And against the game's cap. I will say it again, and I know it actually is harder right now than it has been before. Onyeko Kangoo remains a hold. I know. He's been very bad the last week because he's just sort of not doing anything in his time on the floor. His steals and blocks are lower than we need them to be. Kinda need the field goal percent to kick back up a little. He's dropped into the mid fifties. It is what it is. Klinkapelle has been healthy so far. We don't usually see Capela play 2 consecutive months of basketball without missing a ball game, but that's what's happened to this point. So Capela's inside the top 65, and Okongo is in that 120 range. And that's sort of what it is. Okongo is a 90 to 1 100 30 ish range guy when Capela is healthy, and he's top 40 when Capela is hurt, which is tough because how long can you sit on a guy like that? Well, if he's running cold, if you're in roto, you can go ahead and bench him head to head. I think you gotta hang on because, you know, at some point, the juice is gonna be there. And in the meantime, it's not like he's been so bad that he's killing your team. He's just sort of, like, right outside everyday play. He's stream level with ridiculous upside. Saadiq Bey seems to be enjoying life without Jalen Johnson, although the hawks as a team are not because they've stopped winning without Jalen Johnson. Womp womp. Spurs finally realized that Jeremy Soehan, a point guard, wasn't the answer and then face palm time. Nope. Not Trae Jones at point. Chitty Osman? No. Technically, he's not the point guard. Technically, Devin Vassell was the point guard. But Osman led the team in a 6 assists with 6. Trey Jones was second on the team with 5 in his 23 and a half bench minutes. Did this lineup work any better? The answer is, Minnesota didn't look like they were taking this game all that seriously. So you got good ones from Vassell and Keldon Johnson, and you might you know my take. Anytime those 2 guys put up a big ball game, I think you try to sell on him. Wembley finally slowed down in a ballgame, but, obviously, he'll be fine, Victor Wobanyama. Nobody's trading him anyway. He's number 33 right now. He'll be bouncing back and forth depending on percentages and things of that nature. I saw a couple of analysts talking about how you wanted to, like, hang on and see what happens to Sohan. He's outside the top 200 for the year. I don't know that anybody was still hanging on. So no. And then Zach Collins, I like that he took 20 shots. I don't like that he only made 6 of them. He's also a hold, but he's kind of a tougher hold also. Spurs are god awful. Tried to warn you guys about this going into the season. Remember when they won, like, 2 games early and the media was like, Spurs are coming for a play in spot? And I was like, no. Nobody like, look. There are a lot of pretty good analysts out there, but you really do have to watch this a lot. It's not a 2 hour a day thing to be good at this. It's more. I don't usually try to get up on the high horse on that one, but you can't be a mess around analyst. And I'm not talking about fantasy. I'm talking about, like, all the way across. Because there were a lot of people that looked at this team, and they were like, oh, yeah. This is gonna be fine. No. Wembley's rookie year, you think they were gonna be gunning for anything? Hell no. Anyway, Rudy Gobert has bounced back. He had 2 really good weeks to start the year, and then he had 2 kinda bad weeks, and now he's back to being good again. It's a weird back and forth that seems to be based heavily on his free throw percent. Mike Conley, just zooming along, doing what he did in Utah, but kinda with a team that, I would say, appreciates it more, if that means anything. He's number 66 and 9 cat. He has a 6 to 1 assist to turnover ratio this year. Crazy. Anthony Edwards came back. The Kelloggs are and Alexander Walker continue to start small forward, continues to do nothing. Nasrid is on one of his little heaters right now. I think you can play him until he decides to take a week to sort of regather his strength. I'm okay with that. I'm okay with playing a guy who's a hot hand. That's what Nasrid is right now. Chicago wins again. I know it's the Hornets, so it's not like you're gonna really celebrate this. But the Bulls have been markedly better without injured Zach LaVine, and that's, of course, one of the big pieces of news is that LaVine yesterday got, quote, unquote, reevaluated, and they decided to just shut him down for another 3 or 4 weeks. I guess the foot isn't feeling any better after 1 week off or, you know, I guess the paperwork on whatever trades are being processed didn't didn't come through quite yet. In any event, we'll do bulls before Hornets in this one even though that's not the order I normally go in. Kobe White, it continues to be a very good play. Once LaVine went down, he's been killing it. DeMar, just waiting on DeMar's free throw percent to work all the way back up where we know it's gonna be. Once it does, he slides up the board pretty easily. Alex Caruso's a play anytime he's healthy and upright. The questions I think people have on this team right now is what do we do with Patrick Williams and or Iota Sun Mu? And my thought is Patrick Williams has been good enough over the past really, like, not not really since LaVine got shut down, if you wanna call it that. He had a couple of really good ball games when both LaVine and DeMar or Caruso were out. And he's sitting at, like, top 150 over the last week and a half, but a lot of that's because he's gone, I think, 2 for 6 at the free throw line or something like that. So it's got a sort of artificially weighing his numbers down. The other stuff is actually pretty good over that stretch. So I think you could make an argument to just stash Patrick Williams now. That doesn't seem like Zach LaVine's gonna play another game for the Bulls. That's certainly the direction this feels it's moving. If they keep winning ball games, they might see what a team looks like. And I know that's what, AK, Karnesova, said that he wanted to do, which is let's see what we get back for LaVine, and let's see if that makes the team any better. Still feels like they kinda have to blow it up. But if that's gonna take more time, then that's the type of thing that could push Patrick Williams back outside the realm of usage. Like, what if Zach LaVine gets traded to I have no idea. It doesn't sound like that that many teams really want him right now, but let's just throw a team out there and say the Lakers. Who would go back? I think it'd be D'Angelo Russell and probably, you know, one of those wings. That would hurt a lot of guys. I don't think that's gonna happen. I don't think the Lakers wanna go that route. In fact, Lakers played pretty well last few ball games since they've had their wings healthy, so I don't know that and it sounds like they're more interested in Caruso or DeMar. But, anyway, I'm just throwing a hypothetical out there. Guys that come back create log jams. So Kobe White's the obvious one. Williams, I think if you have space, you could do it. And he's been barely playable in most formats lately. Well, we kinda need one more usage guy out of the way, whether it's DeMar or Vooch or White. Caruso being gone frees up more minutes, which is useful, but we just need Patrick Williams taking shots. Shots shots shots shots. Hey. Quickly here because we're a little more than halfway through yesterday's card, now that a nice chunk of you are actually watching and hanging out in the chat room, I I swear to god I'm never gonna be healthy again. Please do take a moment to like this video and subscribe because there's many hundreds of you that watch this over the course of the day, sometimes 1,000. If you're talking about the YouTube side, just hit the like button. It means a big deal. Do it now while you're watching. Just look quick little scroll down, punch that button, then come right on back up. And, also, shout out to our friends atmanscaped.com. Promo code there is Ethos 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on whatever you order atmanscaped.com. Get a handyman, an actual electric razor, the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra, which pretty much does all things in one. It's amazing. Waterproof, hour long battery life, 2 light settings so you can make sure to illuminate the right part of your face if you have to shave where, I don't know, my apartment. We have a, southern exposure in the living room, but the bedroom window points just basically towards another apartment building. So it's dark as hell in here. It helps me a lot to have a damn light on my sideburn trimmer. Or you could just get the shears. If you wanna get something small, that luxury nail kit, I I promise you guys. I promise you. It is the best nail situation that I've come across. I like, it's just we use it on everybody in the household now, kids, adults, whatever. Anyone that comes through, guests, we're just like, let me clip your nails with this. It's so good. I cannot say enough good things about that luxury nail kit. That's the shears. Again, everything 20% off with free shipping. Promo code ETHOS 20@manscaped.com. Check them out today. And, again, please do hit that like button and, follow me on Twitter at Dan Bespres, especially for those that are new to our proceedings. And I have to treat every show like there's at least one new person. Even if we're 2 months into the year, you just never know. Jed Holmgren almost had a bad ballgame yesterday, and then he went up with and blocked 6 shots. Kid is good, man. Boy, am I glad he was the only name we put on the young person part of the old man squad. Jalen Williams cooled off a little bit in this one. In fact, the Thunder as a team basically cooled off other than Shay Gilgeous Alexander. But Jalen's still a top 80 play over the last week, week and a half, so he's been coming on. I'm not really worried about it in any way. And, man, I I just, like I was tweeting about it, but I feel like it needs to be said. I know Shai Gildas Alexander is the number one player in fantasy. Lately, he feels like a top 5 player in real life. He's fully unstoppable. He's fully unstoppable. He's shooting 55% from the field right now, 93% at the free throw line. I don't know that there's anybody in the league that's been more efficient than Gilgeous Alexander. Not Embiid, not Jokic this year because Jokic isn't making his free throws. And in fact, after Jokic bad shooting game yesterday, Shay is ahead of him in field goal percent this year on the same volume. It's crazy how good Shay's become. He is fully unguardable, fully unguardable. He's taken this Thunder team, which look. I'll give you. They have some decent talent, but, like, there's no other star on that team. That's Shea and some, like, above average role players. And Chet is solid, but he's not a superstar. Jalen Williams, solid, not a star. Lou Dort, decent defender, but beh. Josh Giddey. I know they lost yesterday, so it's weird for me to going into a Thunder's run after a loss. But that team is 13 and 7 this year, basically on Shea, who's missed one ballgame so far. And that's gonna be the key for them. If he plays 70 some odd ballgames, they're gonna have a good record at the end of the year. So far so good. Aaron Holiday went nuts for the Rockets. Didn't see that one coming, and it'll probably never happen again. So shuffle along. Dillon Brooks had his first good ball game since, I don't know, last time they played the Lakers usually. That's when he wakes up. And then, Alper and Shengood had one of those, like, oh, ball games yesterday where all the county stuff looked pretty good. And then you got across the board, and you were like, wait. I wonder how he did at the free throw line and, uh-oh. Shango had gotten worse at the foul line. I I did not see that one coming, and it's weighing his stats down because the county stuff is amazing. He's a 21, 9, and 5a half. Point 9 steals, point 8 blocks, that's not bad either. 54 from the field, that's also solid, but a high volume now, 65% of the free throw line, and that's why he's number 55 in 9 cat. He wasn't drafted as a punt free throw guy. That's the problem here too. If you drafted him, you were like, oh, we're gonna get, like, a smattering of everything. And he's gotten better in all the stuff, and you were like, this is all wonderful, and then fell off a cliff at the foul line. I don't know what's going on there. Sort of yippsy. Anyway, he's he's an interesting one because if you think free throws are coming back for Shangoun, then you buy. But if you think this is what he is, you probably sell because his points, boards, and assists are so juicy right now that you can probably sell for a player ranked higher than him, especially if you find a team that either doesn't mind that he stinks at the foul line this year or is already punting that. So it's this weird occurrence where you could sell up. Again, if you think the free throw number comes back, though, then it's a buy. What do I think? I have no idea. None. There's no way for me to know. And saying anything else would be just pulling stuff out of the sky. So Dallas beat Utah by a couple of points. Oh, 50, was it? Oh, sorry about that. It would appear that Utah might need a couple of their, scoring threats back. They don't have any right now. Larry Markkanen and Jordan Clarkson are both out. They ain't nobody left that can put a basketball in a hoop on this team. And it's gonna make everybody terrible because, defending a bad offensive team is not that hard. Ke'anter George did have 11 assists yesterday, but he was absolutely atrocious in everything else. And he continues to be exactly what we've said, but I'll repeat it again. Head to head, he's a long term stash, and you just pray to the fantasy gods that he doesn't put up a game like this one. Roto, he's a drop. Omer Yurtsevinn is a stream at best. Walker Kessler is a buy low in my opinion right now because people still don't think that gonna come on, but he gets much better when the team gets healthy because he could just go and operate off of them. He can get offensive rebounds from, you know, Clarkson and Markkanen and stuff. He could defend better because I mean, well okay. So look. Dallas is always gonna be curtains on an opposing setter. But Kessler's a by low. And what else is there? I know I thought Collin Sexton might score 15 points this game, but he shot over 4 from the field. So John Collins was not good. The whole team was just terrible. But the story here is they need someone who's competent on offense in there because it allows everybody else to operate a little bit more easily too. On the Dallas side, Kyrie Irving and, Tim Hardaway junior both came back yesterday. Hardaway actually had a pretty good ballgame in only 22 bench minutes, but we know how he runs hot and cold. So ignore. A lot of folks are trying to convince me that Derrick Jones Junior was a safe play. I don't think he's a safe play. But with Grant Williams and Josh Green out, it does kinda feel like he has to get enough minutes to be playable here. Certainly on the head to head side. I don't think that I would risk it in roto. Only roto plays for this team. Obviously, Kyrie and Luca, and then Derek Lively is also a start on the roto side. Nikola Jokic, human, it would appear, took 32 field goal attempts yesterday and couldn't make them. He had it with a he had a triple double, but it the I mean, this was truly one of the worst Jokic games that I can remember. Believe it or not, he was still a plus one in a game they lost by 9. Bench just got wiped out for by dent or, for Denver in this ballgame. Starters were solid. Jamal Murray came back, played 29 minutes. That's more than enough, so get him fired up. Reggie Jackson is now an easy cut. And that's probably the whole story on the Denver side. For the Clippers, James Harden, just getting better every ball game. I mean, this is the thing. This is why you were able to buy low after the trade because he had some down ball games. I still can't believe that I was able to draft this dude, James Harden, in the fifties sixties in those last few drafts before the season started. And I know what you can say, Dan, you didn't know that he was gonna get traded that quickly. No. We kinda did because he was a dark cloud over the 70 sixers, and they just couldn't afford to let it go that way. So they just had to make something happen. He's a 2nd rounder now on the year. Last week and a half, 2 weeks, I think. Was it 2 weeks or week and a half? Where is he at over that stretch? Was it week or week and a half? Last week, yeah, last week, he's also a second rounder. Last 2 weeks, mid second round. It just feels like he's getting better in every ballgame too. So ride it out now. Paul George bounced back in this one. Kawhi Leonard was a little bit quieter. Not bad necessarily, but a little bit quieter. And I keep getting teased by Norman Powell who played 32 minutes and had a pretty full stat line. I don't know, guys. I don't know. Every time I think he's a go, then he's not. Every time I think he's not, then he is. I I think you could probably leave him alone. But for a schedule play on Powell, that's probably the easiest way to handle this one. I don't think you need to add him, especially when you've got these other guys getting hurt that's creating streaming opportunities. So leave it alone. Anthony Simons came back for the blazers, and then Malcolm Brogdon went down for the blazers. And if you thought, oh, does this mean Skyler Mays is gonna play again? The answer is no. Because they're gonna roll point Scoot and point Shaden Sharp and point Anthony Simons. So you don't need to add Skyler Mays. I still don't think well, you know, you guys know the deal with Scoot at this point. He's, learning the NBA speed. He won't be good for another month or 2. He's a luxury stash. Shaden Sharp played 42 minutes. He basically has no choice but to play every second of these games right now. Now again with Brogdon out and Jeremy Gran out and Deandre Ayton was out for this ballgame. So, yeah, a lot of weirdness for the blazers. Plus, on top of that, Jumaane Kamara fouled out in 27 minutes. Jabari Walker fouled out in 22 minutes, and Reeth almost fouled out. He had 5 fouls in 22 minutes. So what does that mean for the next one? Honest to goodness, we have no idea. Anybody that says they knows exactly how the Blazers are gonna run their minutes, no. We have an idea, a small one, and I shouldn't say no idea. We have a little one. Mattiece Stibel picked up a few extra minutes when everybody fouled out. He's interesting because, you know, if he gets 30 minutes, he'll put up 4 defensive stats, but we don't know if he's gonna get 30 minutes in the next one. We don't know if Ayton's gonna be back for the next ballgame. Pretty sure Jeremy Grant's gonna miss another one. Brogdon, I have no idea if he plays in their next ball game. So what do you do? Well, you start Simons because dude took 27 shots in this one. You probably start sharp because there's just so much usage even though his percentages often stink and he has these sorta young player efficiency issues. He's probably gonna do enough stuff in 40 some odd minutes that it kinda doesn't matter that he's inefficient. He just has enough things to do with all these guys out. If Brogdon plays, you start him. If Ayton plays, you start him, and probably leave it at that. And then if we look over at the Warriors side, Chris Paul came back. He played 21 minutes. Wasn't very good in them, but he'll be okay. Andrew Wiggins also came back, played 28 minutes. He was terrible again. We had that one good ballgame from Wiggins, then he mashed his finger in a car door, and he couldn't keep the good vibes rolling. I truly I I think you can probably drop Wiggins and then just pick him up if it looks like he's getting it going. I didn't draft him anywhere. I did pick him up in one league where he got dropped after that big ball game, but now I'm inclined to feel like maybe I should just drop him again, especially because Steve Hoehr came out, and he's like, look. Our, like, our starting unit isn't working. And right now, it feels like Wiggins would be the guy to take the hit there. I don't think that they bench Klay Thompson. He's sort of too much of an icon for the team even if he's been kinda terrible. He has been top 90 the last 2 weeks prior to this one, so Klay's at least been closer. And if Wiggins gets benched, then he definitely isn't a fantasy play. Moses Moody would probably take his spot, but I don't know. We'll see. We'll see if it's just bluster or if Curry is actually gonna move some bodies around. Jonathan Kuminga had a really good second half in this ballgame. He didn't play in the first half. Does that buy him some extra playing time? Does he get in there? Warriors have some unanswered questions, and perhaps the next ballgame will afford us an answer. Tonight's card is a short 2 gamer. It's the semifinals in Vegas. The games start early. They start about 4 hours from this moment as I'm recording the podcast. Indiana, there really isn't anything other than stream stuff, which if you guys are interested, sure, you could stream Obi Toppin. You can stream Aaron Nesmith. But then everybody else is a little bit iffy. TJ McConnell and, Andrew Nembhard split, like, 14 backup point guard minutes in the last ball game. Jalen Smith is out, or he might have been the guy to look at. So, bucks, Portis is a stream level guy, and then, you know, maybe campaign Marjohn Beauchamp could be distant streamables if only because this week is super weird. Pelicans don't really have any streamables either anymore. Now that Trey Murphy's in there and McCollum's back, they've got sort of a top 6, and then everybody else is scraping at the ground for whatever's left. Najee Marshall, Dyson Daniels, Jose Alvarado is probably the closest to playable because at least he gets steals in limited minutes. And then the lakers have the same problem as the Pelicans. They just got a bunch of guys healthy too. Cam Reddish came back. Rui Hachamura came back. Jared Vanderbilt came back. Jackson Hayes came back. They got 4 rotation guys back in a week. Pelicans got 2 rotation, 3 rotation guys back in a week. Having that many rotation guys is bad for fantasy purposes. Good for the team. Teams got better. But for those of us that were like, oh, maybe we can get Cam Reddish in 30 minutes. You might get me 2 steals. Nothing is guaranteed anymore. If the matchup doesn't work, they'll go another direction. So anything you're streaming with these teams and, you know, those some of those names I threw out there, Reddish, Torian, Prince, Hachimura. These guys you could play this week, today, basically, because everybody's in overflow mode tomorrow, 13 game Friday. But these are not guys that even make the stream born once we hit a normal week. These are very frenchie. These are, you know, 150 to 200 range dudes. That's like you're not getting very much out of that. Maybe later. 150 to 250. So the look at it tonight is not all that thrilling. Games are at 2 and 6 Pacific. There's, like, an hour and a half break, basically, in between the 2 ball games, but, it's the tourney. They're playing on the same court, so I think they wanna give a little bit of a respite in between, let the teams come in, change locker rooms, all that stuff. And that's why the schedule's a little bit cockamamie today, but I love it. I love having afternoon basketball. It's literally the only good thing about the COVID bubble is that we had games going all day. They started at noon, and they ran until the end of the night because there were only 2 courts, and they were getting 7, 8 games in. That was amazing. Everything else about 2020 was awful. Truly horrible, except for that. Oh, and then all of our Los Angeles teams won championships. That was pretty good too, I guess. But at least there were games all the time. Alright. We're 50 minutes in. This is longer than I thought we'd go. I will do 5 questions. Normally, I do them chronologically, but when I run out of time like this, I wanna try to find the questions that apply to as many people as possible. Here's one. Thoughts on Ahman Thompson in Houston. Would I prefer to stash him or Jaden McDaniels? Well, Ahman's playing in the g league right now. And I know he put up a giant line down there, but there's no room for him in Houston unless about 3 guys get hurt. So Jaden McDaniels, because he's the guy between these two that might see an NBA floor in the next couple of weeks. So there you go. Let's see. We talked about Patrick Williams. That was one of the ones I covered during the show, and it's also in the chat room. Here we go. Hey, Dan. Big fan, first time caller. Very funny. It's like doing an old time radio show. Is it better to get a one game up today with a streamer or try to get someone better on the wire? That's a really good question. This is very much matchup specific. So I'm in a matchup. Also, standings specific. So I'm in a league, I'll use this as, like, as an example, where I had fewer games than my opponent 4 of the first 5 weeks. The only way I know this is because I was like, man, I feel like I've had fewer games. And I checked, and I've won turnovers basically every week. That's nuts. That's, like, just not something that happens in head to head. So then it gets to this week. Consequently, I didn't get off to a very good start in that league, and it's 11 categories. So if you're down in games played, there are even more categories for you to lose because field goal made and free throw made are also in there. So if you're down in games played, like, you very easily could lose 7 to 4 every week. So for me, it was more important for me to try to get an extra ballgame. Even if that's, like even if it cost me a slightly better player, I need to try to squeeze out a categorical win, any little categorical win coming back because I I, like, I just I've had horrible luck so far. I'm in another head to head league. That's a Yahoo Public League, this one, where the games played this week are relatively evenly matched. And looking at my roster, I think I'm gonna beat my opponent. And I'm in, like, 5th, 6th place. My team had some injuries the first 2 or 3 weeks, so I got off to a bad start. But the last 2 weeks has been good. That one, I'm not doing any extra streaming today. I just streamed the 1 guy. 1 guy. That was it. So, look in look at your surroundings. Look at your standings. Look at your matchup this week. Try to figure out kind of a short and a long term view, and that's how you can make a call on this. But, again, it's it's different literally for every team, and I've done it 2 separate ways. I'm only in 3 Yahoo head to head leagues because you guys know I hate them, and I'm playing 2 of them on completely opposite ways. Let's see. Quick Shohei Ohtani thoughts, Dan. Where is he gonna go? I think he's gonna surprise everybody. It's gonna be a dark horse team. But it really can't be because there's only, like, 4 or 5 teams that are willing to give $600,000,000 to a baseball player. I think I said it on yesterday's show. I think the Dodgers were purposely sabotaging their own chances at him, because they'd rather go for, like, 2 or 3 top line starting pitchers instead of a guy who can't pitch until, next season. But wherever he ends up, Shohei Ohtani is the most amazing player I I think I've ever seen. I'm 40, so maybe there was somebody better before that, but he's the most amazing thing I've seen in baseball ever. And he's one of the most amazing things I've seen in any sport ever. Guys shouldn't be like, he's there's no higher league for him to play in. Two way guys. They'd that's, like, the best player on your college team where everyone's like, oh, yeah. This guy, like, he's gonna be a big leaguer someday. That's what is doing to big leaguers if he could stay healthy. I know. Not a basketball question, but it was sort of a fun one. Let's see here. Anything else that applies to everybody? Should I oh, should I drop Obi Toppin for Scoot Henderson? This is an interesting question because it brings up this idea of, like, Obi Toppin is gonna be probably, like, a top one 40 guy basically forever. He's been top 60 the last 2 weeks because Indiana's had a bunch of guys get hurt, and he had, like, a, like, a 3 or 4 game stretch where his shot was going in at a super high clip. He's shooting 60% of the year, by the way. Or do you pick up the guy that you think could have, like, top 50, 60 potential the last month and a half of the season? I'm inclined to go the Toppin route because lately, he has been, like, an actual usable fantasy player. We don't know how long Jalen Smith is gonna be out, and, you know, maybe Toppin continues to shoot this really good percentage. It's possible. Maybe he plays his way into an extra 1 or 2 minutes. All of these things are possible. I wouldn't say probable with Britt Carlisle at the helm, but I go Toppin there. I prefer the short term, because I'd I'd rather play try to get myself towards that 1 or 2 seed on the head to head side. And then in roto, you know, Toppin's actually playable right now if you're at a game's deficit. And if you're running ahead in games played on the roto side, then you probably go the other way and and you go with a stash because you basically don't need that roster slot. Is Okonwu still holding a 10 teamer? That's a good question. I think the answer there is no. 12 teamer, yes. 10 teamer, no. Should I drop Dennis Schroder to activate Jamal Murray? See if you can trade Schroder for a top 100 guy whose appeal is not quite so localized in one category. Would you drop John Collins for Tyus Jones or Herb Jones? What is Herb Jones doing on the waiver wire? He's been a top 40 player this year. He's number 30 right now. Absolutely dropped for Herb Jones. And I would actually probably take Tyus Jones over John Collins also. And that is probably where we'll put a pin in it. 56 minutes, I think, is enough. Plus, I got a busy day. I got a play by play gig tonight. So if you guys, are interested, I call some division 2 college basketball. It's Cal Poly Pomona. Maybe somebody watching went there. It's so much fun. I love it, but I gotta drive out there early in the day because traffic would take me, like, 3 hours if I wait until closer to rush hour. So I'm not. But if you guys wanna hear more Dan, that would be the way to do it because that's, like, you know, 3 and a half, 4 hours of broadcasting for a little little back to back there. I think I saw one last question I wanna do before we wrap this up. This one's a good one because I think it may apply to multiple people. Walker Kessler or Derek Lively, who has the better upside for the Fantasy playoffs. So you guys are forcing me to open up my, my schedule grid while we're talking on air here. First of all, it's gonna have something to do with when your playoffs are. Utah, starting after the all star break, they go 333-4434. So if your playoffs are late, Utah has a really good playoff schedule. Dallas, unfortunately, has a 2 gamer right smack in the middle of that. But if your playoffs start before that, they go 4342434. So if you somehow dodge that 1 week, Dallas is the team you're looking at. Unfortunately, if that 2 gamer slips in there, then that makes them sort of a tough team, for a lot of purposes in playoff leagues. Kyrie and Luca, you're in real trouble if you have those guys as as sort of your top dudes with a 2 gamer. You're gonna be in survival mode. Lively in a 2 game week come playoff time might not be what you'd call a traditional start. Now that said, if you dodge that, then they've got 2 sets of 11 on either side. And that same week, Utah has 4 games. I think most of us I've been telling everybody to try to end their season at least 3 weeks early. I don't know many people have listened to that, But that would mean that Utah goes 334 in the playoff weeks, and Dallas goes 342, which is the same number of games, but a clunkier way to get there. That would mean in your finals, then you'd have a 2 gamer out of Dallas. I think I'd prefer Walker Kessler is the short answer to a long short version of a long answer. But 3, 4 out of Lively those first two weeks, and then maybe you end up dropping him in the 2 gamer. Again, it depends a little bit on what your playoff weeks are, but, hopefully, that was somewhat helpful. Alright, everybody. Have a great Thursday. Tomorrow, I think we're gonna have 2 shows. I'm actually really excited about this. We should have a little dynasty show that'll be sort of like a pocket, you know, minute specialty thing. I've been wanting to get that going for a really long time. We'll be talking to Mark Camaro on that show. We'll also have our big weekend review episode. Like, please take a second to like the show. It's not that hard. Wherever you take in the pod, please subscribe. Find me on social at Dan Vaspris. Really look forward to continuing the conversation over there, and, enjoy the early start today. Should be fun. So long for now. We'll see you tomorrow.