Welcome to the Fantasy NBA Today podcast. Yes. Indeed. Yes. Indeed. I'm getting better, I think, at the at the music frostbait, or maybe I'm deluding myself. Welcome, everybody. What's happening? It's another episode of Fantasy NBA Today. Sports ethos presentation kinda churning these bad boys out these days, and I know my silly YouTube setup. It it persists, but I do with it what I can. And today, we have one of my favorite guests on the show. I always I really do. Okay. So I'm actually gonna throw him on the screen right now. I gotta say, Alex, you and I, we see eye to eye on a lot of things. I think maybe even beyond fantasy basketball. I don't know that I typically laugh more on a show than we do just talking about fantasy basketball players. I don't know how to make heads or tails of that. But Alex Rickling on the show, welcome back, my good man. It's always a pleasure to have you. Good to be here. Yeah. I I for some reason, this is one of the first times we've actually done this where I've been in my own home. And so my memory of our our guest pods is just me and my in law's house, like, kind of cracking up and a half hour taking an hour because we were enjoying ourselves. Yeah. I don't know what the heck we're talking about, but, I always leave the pod feeling like that was fun. Yeah. I don't know remember what the hell we talked about, but that was fun. You guys can find Alex on Twitter at rickleyn. That's just the last name, r I k l e e n. Go hunt him down on social media, especially with season right around the corner. I say this so often. It's a hellscape, but you need it for fantasy basketball. I am at Danbesbris over there, d a n b e s b r I s. There's just things that happen, Alex, at rapid fire. And if you're not on Twitter and you're in any kind of 1st come, 1st serve league, someone's gonna beat you to it. So, follow a limited number of accounts. Don't read the replies, but do get your fantasy basketball information, and you'll, you know, get out of this thing with your head still on your shoulders. But Alex was, as per usual, a part of the preseason industry mock, which I'll now throw up in the background for everybody to take a look at. And you had the 6th pick. And like usual, we're gonna go through your team. Some thoughts on different spots there. I might challenge you on a name or 2. But, generally, I like to let the guests have the floor on this show. And at the end, we'll go over a couple of the names that maybe didn't quite get to you that you were hoping would. Same format as usual, but for anybody that hasn't been a part of it in the past, that's what we're going through here. So starting at the top, Steph Curry at the 6th slot. I think the only question I have for you there is I presume you were debating between Steph and Tatum. Why go with Steph over Tatum? I actually wasn't. I think Steph over Tatum is a relatively clear call to me. Other than durability, Steph's just got Tatum beat. And durability matters, like, I you know, but it's also hard to predict. You know? As Josh always says, you're, you know, you're not injury prone until you are, and you're injury prone until you're not. You know, Kevon Looney missed how many games in his first two season and is now, like, the 2nd most Ironman player we've got. So but, I mean, Curry is just per game, like, by any measure that we have, a better fantasy producer than Tatum. And I'm kind of surprised to see how much, the community at large is viewing Tatum as an equal or a better player. I I just kinda don't see it. I I don't get me wrong. I do have Tatum right there in the 7 or 8 spot. But to me, he's he's not the 6th guy. It's Curry there. Do you think some of that is the the strong gravitational pull towards head to head where everybody is extra concerned about getting the additional games out of their top guys? I know for me, like a roto player, I'm usually looking at per game more so, but I don't know everybody's thinking, okay. Who's gonna be upright in my fantasy playoffs or too much of a coin flip? I mean, maybe that's not how I'm thinking about it when I'm building a head to head league. This was, you know, in theory, a head to head mock. Yeah. So it's possible that that's impacting people. I think it's just more the shiny new object. You know, Tatum is entering his prime. If if one of these players is getting better and the other is getting worse, it's clear that Tatum's the one getting better. But a slight improvement from Tatum and a slight decline from Curry could still have Curry ahead in the per game ranks. Your second round coming back and this is you're gonna everybody's gonna get to enjoy me doing, my attempted math on the fly. I believe this is pick 19. Did I do it? I think I got it. I do it. Yeah. Devin Booker, who I'm a little bit I'm a little bit worried about. I mean, he's obviously a super safe play because he's gonna score, and he's gonna do all of his stuff. And he and KD are, I would assume, kind of a little bit ahead of Bradley Beal on that club. But, what's the thought process behind Booker at 19? As much as I like KD, I just I I feel like so, you know, Cade went 2 pics later. It went Booker Towne's Cade. As much as I like Cade, I do feel like I can't just I can't sort of internally justify, someone who we're hoping will get there over someone like Booker and Kat, who we've already seen it from. So he he was someone who sort of passed my mind, but I I don't know. Part of it was sort of there was something kind of fun and amusing to me about starting the draft with players who had, like, almost identical stat profiles and just to sort of see how that built. That was also a motive in taking Garland to 3. It was like, these players are all very simple. Let's keep it going. How Steph and, you know, 95% of Steph and 85% of Steph. Let's keep them going. And That's I did that as long as I could. I ran out after 3. So there was something I did I do but, seriously, though, Steph is a pretty good all around guy who leaves you with a lot of flexibility in what direction to go in the future. And I thought that adding Booker to that, sort of reinforced that, while also giving me a pretty comfortable advantage, at least in threes and and probably free throw percentage and and hopefully, points and assists, although I would still need to do some work there. I do believe a bounce back is coming for Towns, but that's not a given. And, you know, the the addition of Beal could hurt Booker a little bit, but, you know, I'm it's 19th pick. I'm not paying top 15. I'm paying top 20. I thought it was fine value. It it was more safe than trying to hit a home run. It's kind of where I'm going with this. A lot of words to say, it felt like the safest option. Yeah. I you answered my my follow-up during your answer, which was who are the other guys you were looking at, and it was basically the guys right after him there. Yeah. And, I go ahead. I'll I'll admit to having been relieved that you took bridges. I was looking at the board. I was looking at the board, right there, and I wanted Booker. Like, I had Towns as a second place, but I was I wanted Booker, and I was getting a little worried he wasn't gonna make it to me. So I did appreciate that. I'm not sure that I built the wisest team in this one. At some point, I'm gonna have to break my own very wing heavy, top end down. I went Tatum Bridges Kawhi for my first three picks here. And I'm upside. But Yeah. Yeah. Lot of a lot of wing. Not many rebounds, not many assists out of those 3 guys, but you cover, like, all of the peripheral things. But you already told everybody who you got in the 3rd round, Darius Garland, and it does seem like, and I can't really fight with you here because there are so many bigs available this season. You're able to get your guards early, lock them in. I do think, mentally, one of the things that that people need to get over is, like, you take your guards and you think, oh, I'm way behind everybody else in a big man cap. But you've done that knowing when you're going to try to make that up. So, beyond just the Garland pick because I feel like Garland is a very reasonable, also very safe, what did you say, 85% of Steph pick. What is it about the guard path here for you that just felt like the right opportunity? I mean, again, part of it's the the players available. I have done a lot of as as other people who listen to other pods know, I've done a lot of, Walker Kessler in the 3rd round, but was trying to sort of keep things to verse a little bit and trying to build something a little bit different here. I generally speaking, I think that you're much more likely to find a, 12 a 12.10 rebound one block a guy on waivers than you are somebody who gets 6 assists. And so I am often willing to go guard heavy early on the assumption that not only am I building whatever I'm building in the mid rounds of the draft, but, also, that's gonna be the area where I have the easiest time, especially if you're active and attentive early in the season hunting waivers. But also, I mean, some of the players I got later, like, Julius Randle is probably a pretty good value in the 6th in the 5th round. Dan Gafford's probably a pretty good value in the 8th round. Like, there are some of these bigs who are going later than I think I would have designed if I were the king of things. Your 4th round, you did finally end your, early season Steph and, Brooke. Well, I don't we gotta come up with a fun name for the the the Steph and also Steph and also Steph. It's like a slightly dirtier mirror every time each as you're you're extending down infinite. A reference that, like, 10 of your listeners are gonna get, the multiplicity movie. Oh my god. Michael Keaton. The increasing multiplicity close of stuff. I remember that movie vividly because, there was a kid in my carpool who's now actually our family dentist, who loved to quote the line, she tucked my Pepe, Steve. And so that's, like, embedded deep in my brain, and that I I I think that was one of the, like, later multiplicities multiplicities. I I've, like, never even seen the whole movie. But, my, like, my group at summer camp, we had 2 kids with the same first name, and one very clearly kind of followed the other one. And and Same you guys. Our our counselor referred to him as the 4th multiplicity clone Poor kid. Of the first. At least they'll never which is not a compliment. Yeah. At least they'll never funny. They'll never get the the, like, early mid nineties reference that was thrown at them, though. These these young tykes. So you went OG, by the way, in the 4th round. I'm thinking along with you here. You have 3 very good guards. None of them really well, I guess Garland's okay defensively, but your team was lacking in steals in a in a pretty reasonable way considering you had guards and big men were probably not gonna be the guys that made up for it. So I'm assuming, number 1, you like the value. Number 2, he provided a stat that your team could use a little boost in. How'd I do? I I the only thing you're kinda meant that you left out, you you did well. The only thing you left out is, at this point, we're 4 rounds in. Mario shot block has been scented. At this point, I'm I'm pretty clearly gonna be punting that. And so someone who is good on defense, but specifically steals and not blocks, I like. And also, all of these guards I have, they're they're good scores, but also good shooters. And so to to be as strong in assists and threes as I am without a real anchor, from the field was something that I liked, and OG kinda kept that going. What did he shoot? 46% last year, 47% last year, 46% last year? Yeah. He's been above 46% 3 of his 3 of his 4 years. So I liked that element of it as well was I'm I'm building my sort of, a monster in threes. I'm a monster, in free throws, and I am at least competitive in field goal percentage despite not having a big still. Was there anybody else near that pick that you were considering in the 4th? Because you had mentioned you're a big Walker Kessler guy. He just didn't fit the build for this one. He went actually really 5th in this draft. I was so sad about how late he went, but I just I didn't think he fit the build. She had a tear. It hurt. I think I actually, like, said in the chat that I was offended. I was offended that how far everyone else let him slide. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. I took it as a personal attack. That's fair. I would have loved to have taken Jamal Murray if he had made it to me. He went a couple pics earlier. Oh, you really were going for all Stephs. Yeah. Yeah. I really wanted to keep it going. I considered Jaylen Brown, who went a few pics later. He was probably the other one I had my eye on. And I I mean, I definitely I looked at Zion. I looked at the hard pivot to including Walker Kessler. I didn't I thought the hard pivot didn't make sense. I thought it was a little too early to go for Zion. Jaylen Brown, I just thought OG was a slightly better fit. Head to head, I I'm gonna guess Jaylen Brown finishes higher in the sort of traditional z score rankings, but I thought OG fit a little bit better. Your 5th and 6th, you're you're doing another multiplicity thing here. Julius Julius Julius Randle in the 5th, Kyle Kuzma in the 6th, and and, you know, these are, very high usage power forward types who have their issues in the percentages, one of them more than the other, the, you know, the the the bad duplicate or the bad clone. These ones actually surprised me given your team build, not because they don't block shots because that does kinda fit what you're doing, but because you do have a guard heavy team that didn't have a field goal issue. Did you now create that with these 2 guys and kinda say, screw it. I'm, like, basically punting, like, the traditional big stats besides perhaps rebounds. I was I I mean, that's a reasonable critique, I think. I was more focused on and this is some this is a mistake that I am prone to in drafts, is I was more focused on, like, I'm looking at, you know, the the list of ranks, and and I'm sorting by big men who don't block. And the and because when you're punting something, you know, one of the one of the advantages to punting is it changes the valuation of players. Players who block shots are boosted up the rankings, and I no longer care about that. So that's effectively a wasted boost up the rankings. And so by focusing on players who don't block shots, you can focus on players who, according to your specific team build, are more valuable. But in so doing, you can almost get blinded by, like, hey. Yes. I'm opt I'm no longer wasting, money spending on blocks, but I might actually be hurting myself a little bit here by taking 2 people who are poor field goal shooters. I think I'm a little more you described Kuzma and Randall as a little bit worse field goal percentage shooters, I think, than is fair. You know, they're not 42%. They're not they're not 40% guys. They're 44, 45. Not good for a forward, but but but not terrible. And both of them, both of them, I do think, are kind of undervalued in drafts right now, and both of them, can can do some some passing. You know? With Curry and Booker, I've got 2 point guards who do get some decent assist numbers, but they're not getting the Doncic or Halliburton, levels of 8, 9 plus. So I did still need a little bit of help and assists, and I liked that. Especially Randall was going to help with that. You're you might be right that I might I'm perhaps I should have paid a little bit more attention to the damage that he would've that, us that they would've done in in the field goal percentage. You know, I did consider DeMar DeRozan in in, the Randall spot. By the way, I was I was grateful there because you knew I was taking his old buddy. Yep. I was I was very much considering that, but I I decided I wanted those extra rebounds more than than anything else. My my wings a re reasonable critique. You left me another wing. I couldn't say no. My team is my team is 4 out of 5 wings at that point, but it's fine. We'll we can we can destroy my team some other day. Before we get to destroy your next day. I I really Oh, did I Terryse Maxey in round 6 is, I think, just incredible value. I don't think I actually I might not have taken him at 6:7. I I think that the 6th round, mid 6th round is way too late for both Maxey and Kuzma. So I in terms of overall value, I'm pretty happy about Kuzma there. Whether or not he fits my team as it, as well as I hoped is a different conversation. But I think both of those guys should be going at least 10 picks higher. Yeah. I was I was pretty surprised that Maxey was still there. I think I I don't remember exactly what was going on at this part of the draft, but I'm pretty sure that I was looking at some guys, like, 6, 7, 8 slots deeper down the board thinking, alright. Well, this guy's not gonna get back to me. What do I do instead? And then he was there, and that made it a whole hell of a lot easier. Before we get to your 7th pick, I wanna make our faces a little bigger for a second so folks can once again see your Twitter handle atrikleen, r I k l e e n. We're talking to Alex Rickleen here breaking down his team. We'll get you guys some little nuggets at the end of the show as well. 7th rounder, Wendell Carter junior, big man who doesn't block. I get it. I figured this out now after you told me. Yeah. I mean, that, like, he does all the other stuff. Scoring, get some rebounds, get some assists, doesn't really block. Yeah. That one makes a lot of sense with your team build. I don't know that you know, and he does help with the field goal percentage. Yeah. Actually, your next few in a row, you went a little more field goalie to kinda cover that up. I really like Daniel Gafford, actually. I just I just did a show earlier this morning where he's on my, you know, favorites beyond 100 chunk of the board. Like, every time we've seen him get 27 plus minutes, he's been a force. He just never got those minutes. And for some reason, folks kept telling me that he was always injured, but he played in he missed 4 games last year. That's not 2 the year before is That's pretty good. It is pretty good. And, also, ever I mean, we all know that Gafford is expected to start this year, but I almost think we've undersold how much he's expected to to start. I I think we should take a moment to pause and take a gander at the rest of the wizard's, depth chart. We got Taj Gibson. There you go. The the excavators are still trying to find his exact birth date, but I believe he's the 2nd oldest active player in the league right now. Behind Braun? I think it's Braun and then and then Taj. And Chris Paul's very much in that top few also. Right up there. Yeah. So did wait. Did Iguodala retire officially? I think Iguodala officially retired, and I think Haslam officially retired. No. The top of the board. There's been a great shoveling. The top of the board kinda cleared out a little. So we got Taj Gibson. That's that's the main backup. Mike Muscala, who I love 10 minutes of Mike Muscala per game. Not a threat for more than 15 minutes. Who does that? Xavier Cooks, if you know what he looks like, then then you are unique amongst the basketball viewing, sphere. Oh, man. A a person by the name of Anthony Gill, was actually He was there last year. Yeah. He's he's actually played a little bit. We've we've our DFS people are gonna be at least familiar with the name. Oh, lord. Daniel Mount Gallinari as an out of position, actually often injured, also very old. Could be, like, can sometimes play the the Oh, lord. If I had if I was good enough with this stuff, I would a 100% clip the, that sequence of if you know what he looks like, congratulations. No. But you're a 100% right. Like, if Gafford is upright, he's the big man. Yeah. That's it. There I I honestly I often I often find that one of the issues that I have with other fantasy analysts is that people are too confident in their assertion of so and so is gonna play 28 plus, 30 plus, whatever. I I honestly don't see the path to less than 28 minutes for Gafford. I I don't understand how you build this rotation without at least 28 and probably more for Gafford. I I I don't get it. I I like, my mind can't can't imagine it. Yeah. I mean, honestly, I can't I can't argue with you. I I like you, I try to sort of temper the way that I talk about players because saying you're certain of something is, like, almost a guarantee that you're gonna screw it up after that. But there are situations where guys step into a much bigger role, and it's weird that he's not really fully being treated like that. He's going in the same neighborhood of as a lot of guys who I think probably have more competition than he does. So we'll see. He's got a good block rate. He's got a good rebound rate. He's actually not horrendous. He's not good at the foul line. Don't get me wrong, but he's not a full tank free throw guy. Like, you make it high sixties, low seventies out of it. That's survivable in whatever it is to take only 3 or 3 or 4 to like Yeah. He might be 3 attempts to gain from the line, which is makes it even less bad. So, I think I actually lopped off the last round of, on the board because, I know I was very much not available for it. I don't even remember who I got auto picked in that one. So apologies. This was actually a 12 round mock. Your last 3, I'm gonna group together. I do this annually because, basically, once we hit pick a 100, especially in an industry mark. Well, before we Sure. Lump the rest of them, I think we gotta talk about JV for a second just because, I you set this up as a 2 center mock. There is not a chance in that I would have taken JV in the 9th round in a 1 center league. There were a bunch of players that I would have been much happier to take, but, you know, I'm trying to do this like a serious endeavor. You know? I know you're gonna talk about it. Hopefully, someone's gonna learn something from listening to this TBD. And and if you're in a multicenter league, you you know, being able to have not just 2, but at least 3 people who can start at center is critical, not just from the health standpoint, but also from the trades standpoint. You know, I I do I stand by the point of you're likely to be able to pick up, you know, at 1210 and 1 guy off waivers, but you're still there's still going to be a robust trade market for functional big men for functional center eligible big men in a 2 center league. And so I felt like if I was treating this like a serious draft, I had to take Jonas there, where, you know, if this wasn't a 2 center league, even if I might have even on Rob Williams. I could have stayed at the position but taken someone with more upside and and but a much lower floor. You know, Rob Williams gets hurt a lot, and he could be just a pure backup, to Ayton limiting his workload this year. But at least we know he's got this massive upside, and I'd rather that than JV in a one center league. But it was a 2 center league, so I had to take I had to do that. Yeah. You left me a couple I needed a big man here as well. I I felt like I was, short on blocks because my first big was Vooch, and he's not blocking a ton of shots anyway. So I actually was in a similar mode, not because I needed a center because I got, Rick Lane and Best for his powerhouse Brook Lopez in 7th. I mean, you and I have shared many many a cup of soup over Brook Lopez over the years. Okay. But, also, I I was able to pick between Capella and Mitchell Robinson there, and so I'd that worked out pretty well for my team. I I I just sticking on this 2 center thing, one last point on that is in the 7th round, half of the picks were centers. You know, you you you in a 2 center league, you get to a point where anyone with a pulse who can, like, be a top 100 center is gonna go. And so you've gotta anticipate that you gotta know that that's coming. Yeah. I think there were, like, 5 out of 5 out of 10 picks in a row in round 7 and 3 out of the 5 picks before that or some something I forget. I guess there was, like, a mini run-in the middle of 6th, but there was a bunch of centers that went real fast. So, you know, if you're, someone picking early in round 6 there, the you know, took they took John Moretz or Miles Bridges. Oh, they probably wouldn't have done that anymore. Instead of the center, you know, they didn't get back to you. Names got off the board before they got another try. Yeah. It's really it is interesting when you're able to look at it just as, like, the colors on the page in front of you here. You could see the way it is. Not many going early, because everybody wants to load up on their guards and then just an absolute truckload between Kessler, who, by the way, we do have, a comment that I figured you'd enjoy. No Walker Kessler in the 4th, a surprise from Rickley. So there you go. Bud Kessler in the 5th Brand is strong. Yeah. The brand is strong, man. Well done. But, yeah, 4 of them went in the 5th, 3 more in the 6th, 5 in 7th. Oddly, none in the 8th. I don't know how that happened, but then 5 more in 9th and only 2 more the rest of the way after that. So once Mitchell Robinson was off the board, the only 2 centers that I can show on this screen, and there might have been one that got taken in the 12th round, were Al Horford and Evita Zubac. Technically, Bobby Portis is center eligible, and he went in the 12th round. But, Oh, there you go. But no no true center in this. Yeah. Okay. So that, well done. Thank you for taking that question off the board. Your, 10th 11th. And you wanna talk about your 12th, who's not pictured on the YouTube screen, Shaden Sharp in Portland, Dan Vesper's fan favorite, Mike Conley, in 11th, and then I can actually flip over and, Bog Bojan Bogdanovic in 12th. I had it on a a browser tab as well. Tell me a little about those 3. And then if there was anything else that maybe you were hoping would get to you or guys that you were eyeballing late, Who are the, the Rick Lean specials here, potentially besides those guys? Sure. I took a screenshot of my, of my cue at the end of the draft because because I wanted to, like, have that available. That's incredible prep, by the way. For a man with 2 children, I don't know how the hell you kept that in your brain. So I've I've got that ready for it for you. Sharp is I I was referring to him. He's a he's a mystery box. He might be he might not be very good to be determined, but, the potential and opportunity are there. I don't care that he might not fit my team build. I I'm I'm taking a home run swing, and if he doesn't fit my team, then I'll trade him if he hits. And in the 10th round, it's late enough that if he doesn't hit, I can drop him, and it's not really a lot of pain. You know, one of my as much as you and I always, talk about not drafting rookies early, and Shane Sharp isn't a rookie, but he's young and raw enough that he he kind of falls into that bucket. You should absolutely spend at least one late pick on one of these high upside guys. You know, players who jump from, you know, outside the top top 10120, 130 into the top roughly 60 usually are rookies because the other players who the players who've already been in the league have a more gradual build. The problem is we're terrible at predicting which players are gonna do that. And so that's why I never draft a rookie early. Not I haven't drafted Chet anywhere. And unless Scoop falls a bit, I'm not taking him anywhere, but someone like Sharp or the top name on my queue that went undrafted in our league, Derek Lively, people like that, I'm I'm targeting late because they're home run swings. And and if they hit you know, late picks are likely gonna get dropped anyways. If they hit, then there's a massive payoff. Mike Conley, I just I mean, what he's got a he's likely the starting point guard. He's likely gonna average, what, 6, 7 assists per game? Yeah. Feels like he's gonna do what he did in Utah last year. Yeah. And so how many players after pick 100 do we, like, think will average 6 point 5 assists or more? Is the answer 1? Yeah. I think the only other one in this draft might have been Trey Jones who went, I think, 2 picks before you at Sharp. That might be the only other one. Maybe if you're super optimistic and things go right for Nembhard, maybe. But, like, I don't I don't know. No. It's probably those 2. Believe is his family that optimistic? I I I mean, I it's really probably just just Conley, who's gonna be getting that many assists that late. So I love getting him late. If again, even if he's just a trade ship, I love having him late. And Bogdanovic, I think people are sort of a little too down on him. We kind of you know? Yes. They played last year without Cade, and Cade coming back, like, he's gonna have more of an role. I get that. But I think we often as a fan base and especially as a community as a fantasy community, we're a little more eager to take touches away from the proven vets than actual NBA teams are. And, you know, maybe he gets traded at some point. You know, maybe he does have a massive drop off. I I I think that especially in the 12th round, what are we looking at? Pick 1 30 something here? This is just the upside far outweighs the downside at for at cost here. And, you know, in the late rounds, I like to sort of balance proven veterans who, you know, are going later than they should. Maybe they don't have top 75 upside, but they're probably going 20 spots too late with these home run swings of Shaded Sharp, Derek Lively, Jeremy Sohan, another name on this queue that I had. Nem Hart was on this queue. You gotta be going a little bit deeper to actually draft Nem Hart. You're probably more looking at him as a late pick in a 14 team league or a 16 team league, but he's a name that I have sort of on my radar in a deeper league. And the last name on my queue, other names on my queue, Kevin Herter sort of fit my build, but I'm glad I didn't have to get there. Keontae George, another rookie. I'd rather Lively. I'd rather Sharp, who's a fake rookie. But, but Keontae George, is a if you're trying for this late round rookie approach that I advocate, he's a reasonable target. Wait a minute. I I need to know more. What what constitutes a fake rookie? Is that a a foe a a fooki? I can't I gotta be careful how I pronounce that. I he's he's sharp. I mean, he's he's not a rookie. He's Yeah. But he I wanna I wanna make this a thing now. Game experience. He has limited game experience. He's 20 years old. He's kind of raw. And Fake rookie. Massive offside. He's for the purposes of this exercise, I can pretend he's a rookie. Yeah. Fair. Well, I'm not. And the other thing the other thing that's, I think, key for the fake rookie, because I'm also I hadn't realized that I had made this internal classification, before this conversation. But I actually I have Sohan in the same category. In my head, I'm thinking of Sharpen, Sohan as because I'm always advocating, don't draft a rookie early, do draft them late. But this year, I'm I'm finding that I'm pulling the trigger on the Thompson Twins a little later than most people, so I'm not often getting them, which means that the only actual rookie that I'm likely to get is Derek Lively in a standard league because, otherwise, all the rookies are gone. But I still like this strategy. I still believe in it. So how do I how do I pull it in if I don't have a Get a fake rookie. Get a fake rookie. Of course. And I have and I have 2, and it's Sharpe and Sohan, both of whom are young. Both of like, I I think they're both 20. And both of them are in new situations where more will be asked of them. For Sharp, it's the very obvious Lillard no longer there. Soham just they brought him along so slowly, and then they gave him a ton of minutes kinda late. And now it seems like they kinda want him to be maybe a start if not a starter, like a very core figure. There's been talk about maybe him being point guard some of the time. Who knows what's gonna happen with him, but I kinda wanna be on board to find out. So I I yeah. Fake rookies, apparently, is a thing that I've been thinking about for months and didn't realize. You heard it today, ladies and gentlemen. A brand new term in fantasy sports. Rickley and pioneers, the fake rookie. Are there others that I am missing that I that we should be including here? I have no idea. I'm gonna have to, like I need you to do a to bury through it. Yeah. Fake rookie deep dive. This is actually wonderful. I'm an we I feel like we need a new name for sleepers. Now we've got fake rookies. This is outstanding. I'm I'm over the moon. I think I Resinkoff was the last name on my queue. Oh, there you go. Kings. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I know I saw a few tweets about A real rookie. Yeah. An actual so so maybe maybe he'll end up on your team. So maybe, really, you do you forget advocating drafting rookies late. Maybe it's the fake rookie that's get that part of your brand. Yeah. Walker Kessler and fake rookies. That's the move. I guess if you're in a deeper league, could you argue Dyson Daniels is a fake rookie? Yeah. That's probably fake rookie, because there's a bunch of injuries there right now. Mhmm. There you go. It's sort of raw, kinda young. Well, I'm gonna I'm gonna need a list, I think, at some point. Because you know me, I don't even look at a player until they turn 27. Oh, Jovich. Nikola Jovic of the Heat? Yeah. Do you believe that he's stepping into an a big role? That's definitely a fake rookie. He could even Jovic is definitely. I let me see. How many minutes did he play last year? Just You could Total. You could yeah. I was gonna say go for totals. Forget per game. You could probably get a total that's we may need to establish cutoffs here. What constitutes how many total minutes can they have on it? Because Sohan might have priced himself out by total minutes. Yeah. He he he might have. Yeah. 204 minutes across 15 games. Oh, yeah. Fake rookie. Percent a fake rookie. 100% fake rookie. Yeah. No one can argue with you on that one. Brickley, I love you, buddy. These are always a blast. I'm I've been horrible. I need everybody to know, and I'll say this every time I talk to a guest, but you in particular, I suck so hard at scheduling. My schedule is such an insane cluster mess. So thank you for bearing with me on that. Thank you for, like, slotting it because you're like, I'm free every evening, and I'm like, I can't do anything any evening ever. So thank you, for making the time, for bearing with me. Make it work. I promise I promise this is real that I'm going to be better this year. Some kind of resolution, whether it was for Rosh Hashanah or the or the regular January 1st one. Some resolution's gonna kick in, and I'm gonna do a better job with this crap. So thank you. It's the short version of that. Happy to be here. He is Alex Rickleen atrikleen. He is one of my favorite people in the fantasy space, and we always have a blast. Alex, I'll talk to you soon. Thanks for having me. I love that dude. We didn't talk about as many old dudes this, this time as usual. He had a I mean, I guess the beginning Steph is older, but that doesn't count. The 1st rounders, you don't like, he didn't do the old guy thing except for Conley. I should have stopped and done more Conley. Why didn't I yell about Conley more? I love I love old dudes on a team. Ah, well, shout out to our buddies atmanscaped.com. Promo code there is Ethos 20. You get 20% off and free shipping on your order, including the brand new handy band. That's an actual face razor. Not razor. Face, electric razor. That's the word I'm looking for. I actually used it in this cheek area here, which as you can see is very well taken care of even though the rest of my personal hygiene is, suboptimal. Take a moment to, again, follow Alex on Twitter. I'm at Dan Besperos over on social media. Like, subscribe, rate, review, all that good stuff on your way out. Coming up on Fantasy NBA today, nothing more today, actually. We're done, for Tuesday. Two shows in the morning. I'll rest my voice because I was on 4 pods yesterday. Tomorrow, we're gonna be talking to Brew in the morning, which is always, an awesome time, especially now as we approach the start of the season. Aaron Bruschi's brain's starting to leak out of his ears, so we'll see what what pours out onto the show on tomorrow's episode as well. We should have an episode coming up pretty soon with Dan Titus, an episode with Matt Smith, an episode with Josh Lloyd. We will have the Dan Besper's old man squad, and some of my and I can't think of the right way to phrase it, but just some of my favorite picks this year for whatever series of reasons, good values, fun players to have, whatever. I know that I have self branded myself as the fantasy analyst who doesn't actually like to have any fun playing fantasy sports, but there are a handful of guys out there that bring me a small measure of joy. We'll do a little bit of a show on those as well. Have a great Tuesday, everybody. Thanks so much for watching. We'll see you soon.