Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright. We're doing the shows Flipperude today. It's our streaming guide first and our big weekly preview second. And it's not for any sort of strategic purpose. It's entirely because my schedule dictates that I have 25 minutes right now to do one show, and I'll have plenty of time in the middle of the day to do the other, which is, of course, the longer one. I gotta do the whole deal out on social media, get the list put together, get the anyway. I am Danvers. This is Fantasy NBA Today. Welcome to the program. This is a sportsethos.compresentation, and it's gonna be a little bit different today. Pretty similar, but a little bit different. 1st, we're gonna break down the schedules for today. Worst schedules, best schedules, and then we'll get you the names of the players that fit, on both sides, the droppables, the streamables, all that good stuff. But I do wanna look a little bit farther ahead because it's Friday. I don't know what our I I, you know, I I I couldn't possibly tell you when a weekend show might come because I don't know what my kids' calendar is right now. I'd like to try to get these streaming shows out over the weekend, but I can't promise it. And so this is an opportunity for us to kinda look ahead to good schedules next week, possible stashables, maybe injured guys that are on the verge of coming back, little things like that. By the way, there aren't that many of them. So just a little extra on today's show. So please do take a moment to like and subscribe. This is a time of year when we actually see our, subscription numbers go down, which is so sad after we put in so much work, but then we get it. People are transitioning into the off season. They're doing something else. They wanted to follow whatever it is, or they don't want alerts. So I need you guys that are new coming aboard here and watching during the playoffs and hopefully getting a lot out of it to, be the new subscribers that help push this thing around. Also, follow me on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. Let's take a look at some of the teams that are sitting on bad schedules today. And those that are watching with us, you guys can see the streaming chart. I've actually opened it up a little bit wider today, so you can see a little bit more. You can go a couple of it's a couple of weeks down the line now because I do wanna do more of a lick ahead today. Lick ahead? No. I think you know what I meant. So very quickly, I'm just gonna scroll that sheet for anybody that's watching the video feed. You guys can see how the different teams stack up, and then we'll get into the actual discussion of worst and best. Your worst schedules today again, this is, laser focused on today right now. The very worst is the Milwaukee Bucks, who are, one of a number of teams that only have one game the rest of this week. But the issue with Milwaukee is that their one game at the is the rest of this week is Sunday, so that's already problematic because you gotta wait 2 days before you get them to play. And then they're off for 2 days again after that. Now there are a handful of names on Milwaukee that you just can't do anything about. You know, Dame, Giannis. Like, you're obviously not moving those guys. And then Brook Lopez finally surged back with a big ball game yesterday, so you probably have no choice but to hang on to him. But if you have anybody else on the Bucks, you gotta let him go. Bobby Portis has gotta go. Malik Beasley, who was hurt yesterday, obviously has to go because he put up a 0. He should have gone the minute he was ruled out in yesterday's ball game. That's a terrible schedule. The good news for the Bucks, for Dame and Giannis folks who, continue to play next week is that they do have a back to back at the end of this one game over 5 days. At least that salvages or begins to salvage a 3 game week for them. But it's really a it's a rough stretch. Rough for Fantasy. Great for them because they get a whole bunch of rest, but brutal for Fantasy. The Bucks have a terrible schedule. Other teams that have bad schedules, not quite as awful, but still pretty bad. The Lakers who I mean, they've been on this list every day, really. Right? Since we started doing this show, I think the Lakers have been on this list. The Lakers played Sacramento 2 days ago. They were on the list for the worst schedule yesterday with 2 games over 8 days, so you can do the math. They got 2 games over 7 days right now. The good news for the Lakers is that their 2 games are tomorrow and Monday. So it's not the worst in extreme short term. If you have a fringy laker, you've made it this far. You can actually hang on now because you're gonna get a game tomorrow. You'll get a game on Monday. At least they, you know, it's bad one game to finish this week when a lot of teams have 2 games the rest of this week. But at least you get a game to start next week before you abandon ship, because then they go, 3 get a 3 days off before their next ballgame after that. Oklahoma City actually has a slightly worse schedule than the Lakers. They're also 2 games over 7 days, but they have a game tomorrow, and then they're off for 3 days after that. If you wanna look at it from a silver lining standpoint, you could hold a thunder player. And, I mean, again, the issue with the thunder is you have 3 extremely good fantasy players that you really can't abandon ship on, Shea, Chet, Jalen Williams. If you were planning on streaming anybody else, you get off of them on Sunday. At least it gives you an opportunity to maybe get to squeeze 1 game in at the end of this week. But after tomorrow, they go one game over 5 days, just like we talked about with Milwaukee, which is basically, like, the worst schedule you can talk about. 1 over 5 is the absolute worst. That's 20%. You pretty much never see a team dip below the 20% game threshold. Like, when you're talking about the Lakers having 2 games over 8 days, that's awful. Even that's 25% over a longer span, but you get it. So there isn't really, you know, thunder if you'd like I don't know who the hell you'd be streaming on the thunder anyway. But if you are, get out of the way. And then we have 4 teams that go 2 games over 6 days. Those teams are Chicago, Dallas, Houston, and the Knicks. Chicago, one game the rest of this week, but like the Lakers, they go Monday, then they're off for 2 days after that where the Lakers are off 3. So it's not that horrendous for Chicago, but I give you the full go ahead if you wanna try to get some team that has 4 games over that 6 day stretch. That would be a move that you could make to, move off of them. Dallas' schedule is worse because they're off for 2 days, then they go Sunday Tuesday. So right now, Dallas that puts Dallas in a 1 game in 4 day span if you're gonna shrink the whole analysis up a little bit tighter. So I would strongly recommend recommend getting off of your Dallas Mavericks. Find somebody that goes at least 2 games the rest of this week and preferably starts next week maybe with a game as early as Monday. Houston is the next one. Their schedule is just the tiniest click better than Dallas, but still not good because they go tomorrow instead of Sunday, and then they have 2 games off. So at least you could hold your rocket through their game tomorrow if you then wanted to get off of said Rockets. This is not a mandatory dump because, you know, these teams with 2 games off instead of 3 games off or 3 days off rather, like, you could probably hold through it. But if you wanted to drop a rocket, you could do so on Sunday. Because starting on Sunday, they are still 2 games over 6 days, but then you're beginning that stretch with a with the 2 off days, if that makes sense. And then the Knicks who, I believe are the same schedule as the Lakers. So you're probably not gonna make a move right away, but just know that you could probably turn a 2 game over 6 day span into a 4 game over 6 day span, or you just hang on because they're going every other day, starting yesterday through Monday, and then move off of a nick on Tuesday of next week when you can also go 4 games over 6 days or shorter. Because when you make a move on a team that has 2 off days in a row and then a game into another off day, that's 1 over 4. So you're looking for those 1 over fours mixed in here that you could possibly turn into a 3 over 4 and really maximize games over an even shorter span. That's, I mean, that's the ultimate in streaming is to get 2 extra games played over a shorter span as possible, which is basically obviously, you could turn a team that's off for 2 days into a back to back, but then you have to use moves way too frequently. Turning a team that's playing 1 game over 4 days or a team that's playing 3 over 4 is, in my opinion, better because you get 2 extra games, you chew up 4 days, that allows you to kinda long stream instead of short stream. So those are the bad schedules. Let's talk about the good schedules now. Good schedules coming up, belong to the Utah Jazz. They are way out ahead of everybody because you've sat through. Utah had just an atrocious schedule. Remember that span starting on Tuesday of last week where they had 3 games over 10 days, I think it was? Yeah. That was a bone crushing run for the Utah Jazz. They had a stretch in there where they had 2 games over 8 days also, just like we talked about with the Lakers. Well, you made it, and your reward is 57. The Utah Jazz go today, tomorrow, Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday of next week. It's a super heavy load. You're gonna see some regulars get a day off in there. You already see Jordan Clarkson being ruled out ahead of time for this ballgame, which is notable because, again, they really haven't played very much lately. And I wouldn't be surprised to see some of their other guys ruled out in there. You might see Lowry Markkanen come back at some point during this stretch. It sounds like he's actually inching his way closer, which is gonna muck up all the streams that we're talking about, but, you know, keep your mind to it. Chris Dunn, by the way, has already been ruled out for one of the back to backs here. Utah is in tank mode now, so you have to be aware of that. But it means that, you know, it's not a stream. But if you have Keonte George, he's gonna get a bazillion shots here coming up. I wouldn't be blown away to see Walker Kessler get a game off. I wouldn't be blown away to see John Collins get a game off. Not that these guys are old, old, but Kessler's been beat up, and Collins is, you know, more of a veteran than the other guys on the team. If Taylor Hendrix comes back, he'd be a very interesting stream over this 57. Bryce Sensabaugh, who I don't like at all against the game's cap, but 5 games in 7 days, that's a playable name. There aren't many others for the Jazz, especially when you're sort of looking and seeing, oh, who all who are all these dudes that are getting ruled out on a night to night basis, so it makes it hard to pick guys up. You might see Taylor Norton Tucker play big minutes in, like, 2 out of the 5 games, but in my opinion, that's not enough to make him a viable stream. Luka Cemanic is also someone that might play big minutes in, like, 2 or 3 out of the 5 games. So, like, squeezing up against it. But for the most part, it's Hendrix if he comes back and Sensibaugh, because those guys would play, I would say, reliably, 20 to 30 minutes in probably all 5 games. So a 100 is, like, your low end for minutes played, and a 150 is the high end, which would be a really big win. Even if they're not piling up fantasy stats, they're just playing enough to be fantasy relevant. The other teams with good schedules, it's a pretty big drop off after that. Utah is so far ahead of everybody. Detroit is the next one. They're, like, a distant tier 2. I would argue kind of all by themselves, but tier 2, 3, and 4 here are separated. It's razor thin. Detroit goes 3 games in 4 days. Miami also goes 3 games in 4 days. So maybe I should lump these 2 together. The although I see them differently in my mind. Detroit goes 3 games in 4 days. But on Sunday, it actually starts a stretch of 6 games over 9 days for the Pistons, which is a really good, you know, 67% games played over a 9 day stretch. That's really, really good. But if you wanted to start now, you could. You don't have to wait until Sunday if, say, Simone Fantechio is floating around or if Isaiah Stewart is floating around. I don't know that I'd go any deeper than those guys with Detroit. Guys like Marcus Sasser, they're not really playing enough. Quentin Grimes is still out, and I don't know if he'd play it back to back even if he did get back in there. Evan Fournier was playing kind of okay right when he popped up, but now he's completely vanished. So it's really Stu and Fontecchio, but they have a really nice schedule for 11 days here. 7 games over 11, that's pretty good. You know, it's not it's not quite 2 thirds. It's a little bit below that. I think it's, like, 63%. So that's still pretty good, though, over 11 days. So if you wanted to go mega long stream, Detroit would be the way to go with that. If you don't wanna go mega long stream, I still feel like if you pick up a piston, you kinda need to hold all the way through that 11 day span, because otherwise, you're gonna miss out on one of the 2 back to backs, which are not that that far apart. But if you were really freaking out, you could make a move on Tuesday of next week. I wouldn't do it, but you could. Miami, on the other hand, you probably wanna make a move sooner. So they have 3 games in 4 days, but they don't have any other back to backs looking way down the schedule. So if you're holding on to a heat after Monday, you're getting games every other day. It's not a horrible schedule. You know, they pivot into it every other day situation going on after Monday. But you could very easily make the case to make a move on Tuesday or Thursday or Saturday of next week or whatever. You're not gonna get a ton you'll boost a ton of ball games, but you'd probably gain 1. Still, Miami, again, over this 4 day span, today, Sunday, Monday. So you start next week with the game. You could front load it a little bit. And there are a couple of options there. Caleb Martin, Jaime Ayquez Junior. Those guys are very much viable streaming options. Duncan Robinson has likely picked up here because Hero's been out for a while. But you got 2 really good streamers on Miami. So at this point, that's an interesting way to go. And then if you really need to back it up to the the tightest of the tight, there are a couple of teams that go back to back today and tomorrow. Those two teams are Portland, Charlotte and New Orleans. I don't know why I've misplaced that for a minute. Sorry. No. Not Portland. Portland went back to back yesterday today. It's just Charlotte and New Orleans. I was reading the wrong thing. Get your get your head in the game, Dan. So Charlotte, if Trey Mann got dropped, he came back, and might play in the back to back. So maybe. Because Ali admits she's likely been added since Cody Martin went down. Grant Williams is streamable. If someone dropped to Nick Richards, he would be streamable. So there are a handful of possibilities on the Charlotte Hornets. I don't think I'd go beyond that. And then New Orleans, they don't really have any streamables because they're heavy on the top 6 for the Pels. And then you've got, like, Najee Marshall and Jose Alvarado that are gonna get probably about 20 minutes. But I I would very much strongly recommend against going back to back on those guys. Because 40 minutes over 2 games is really not all that much, especially when you consider that you're then basically forced to make another move on Sunday, because the Pels, they go 2 days off after that. And they got a 4 game week next week, but you don't want one of those super low end streamers with 2 off days blended in. And Charlotte, they pivot into a terrible schedule after their back to back. So I really don't like going for the back to backs. Those two options are way down my board, especially when you consider the fact that if you're gonna go that route and you're just basically looking for 2 games the rest of this week, but it doesn't help you next week at all, go for any oh, Atlanta, by the way. Sorry. I forgot to mention the Hawks. They actually have 3 games in 4 days, starting today as well. I I just completely jumped right over them. I don't know why I did that. I need to get my head squared on straight. Hawks do have a couple of possible streamers. I don't know that it with Credgy, he's playing a bunch, but, like, Bruno Fernando is streamable. 3 games in 4 days, but you'd have to get off of the Hawks after that because their schedule goes 26 afterwards. But what I was making there was if you're looking at the back to backs, you might as well just go for any team that has 2 games the rest of this week. And then there are better options. You know? What if Gary Trent comes back? That'd be a great player to use the rest of this week. Doesn't help you all that much next week. Toronto's schedule's not that good after Sunday, but 2 big games out of a player is certainly better than 2 super low end games just because they're back to back. You should be long streaming anyway. So I I didn't put the tweet. Normally, I put the tweet up on the screen at this point so you guys can, like, see the names of the players I'm listing. I need you guys to just remember that today. I need you to just remember it. We've got about probably call it 10 ish minutes left on this show, and I wanna use those 10 minutes to start to look towards what do you do if, say, you're on a buy this week or I don't wanna talk about if you're on a buy next week. That's almost too far out. But what if you were on a buy this week where you don't have to worry at all about what you're doing today, tomorrow, Sunday, that kind of stuff? Well, first thing is try to hold off on using any of your moves until Saturday or Sunday because you never know when a player on your team might get injured, and that becomes the most important move for you to make is to abandon ship on a player that was about to put up a 0. I also wanna mention before we get into the stashes, please check out our buddies over atmanscaped.com. Promo code there is ethos 20. Ethos 20. Got that? E t h o s 20. 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscaped.com. They're marvelous. Everything that I do, grooming wise, is courtesy of manscaped.com. They've been great. They've been with us for 3 seasons now. And if you guys continue to buy a couple of things every month, they'll continue to be with us for, hopefully, season number 4 as we likely wind out our partnership for this one. Also, a quick mid show reminder, I've seen a very a a big number of live viewers over on social media. Please follow while you're watching, and please like. If you're watching on social media, you can like the post and follow. If you're watching on YouTube, you can like and subscribe. And those of you listening on traditional pod channels, you are actually the most important. Don't tell anybody. You're the most important, because those are the easiest to monetize. That's the honest good goodness truth. So please subscribe, really, all of you. Like, rate, subscribe. It becomes extraordinarily important, especially here at the end of the season. And I hope that if there's a new viewer or listener, these shows are getting you to come back for more and stick with us for the rest of this year and come back. I mean, I go shows all off season, but you don't have to watch all of them if you don't want. But come on back next year. Gotta sort of keep rolling them up. Alright. Let's get back to this discussion of what's coming up in the future. So if you're looking at next week, which by the way is a much heavier games week than this week, but not in the way you'd think. First of all, everybody looking at the screen right now, you can see that Boston starts a 57 on Sunday, which is cool and all. But for next week, that means that you're only, like, kind of semi front loaded That's almost better for folks that don't have a buy, that wanna go with, like, a a a Celtic, reserve, like a Sam Howser or a Peyton Pritchard. Those guys put up really big numbers on their last back to back. And, again, Boston's playing bad teams, so they're definitely gonna be resting half of their guys in each of these games Sunday, Monday. That's a really good opportunity to get big numbers in both of those. But, unfortunately and and look. If you're if you're if you have a buy and you're stashing and you wanna go Celtics, you could do it. You could go Sam Hauser and hope that he has a big game on Monday and a bad game on Wednesday, and then they have another back to back Friday, Saturday next week where maybe he gets kind of loose again. So maybe 3 out of 4 good ones. So it's not insane, but you are taking a little bit of a risk there where maybe you don't necessarily have to. We already talked about Detroit as having a good schedule starting on Sunday. What we haven't talked about is the fact that there really aren't many, just a small handful of teams that have a really good schedule starting on Monday of next week. Because if you're stashing and if you're in a buy, you're looking for who can front load next week. Meaning, basically, does anybody go Monday, Tuesday? The answer is yes, Minnesota, but then they have a horrible schedule after that. Minnesota, like, generally a pretty bad schedule these days in total. They got, what, 2 games over 7 days after that back to back. So if you go Minnesota to start next week, just know you're going to be reserving a move to use on Wednesday to get off of the Timberwolves. The nice thing is because you have a buy, you can do that. You could pick up 2 Timberwolves over the weekend. I don't know who they'd be. Nasrid probably got dropped or probably got held during their bad schedule, but guys like Mike Conley might have gotten dropped. You could pick him up, for the back to back Monday, Tuesday, and then immediately abandon ship again. Mikael Alexander Walker is probably gonna be borderline in there. If Kyle Anderson comes back, you have an opportunity to wait until Sunday to find out if these guys are healthy. They have a game Saturday. Maybe you get to see some of them in that one. If some of these guys come back from Minnesota, you could start your week with 2 of them. And then you have you still have all of your moves on Wednesday, and then you make a move on Wednesday going sort of who plays in 3 times in 4 days starting on Wednesday of next week. Boston, who we just talked about, goes 3 times in 4 days on Wednesday, so you could go with the the, Peyton Pritchard, Sam Houser thing. Milwaukee has a back to back, so you could use 2 moves there and still have 2 moves left for Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Phoenix on Wednesday of next week. Sacramento is a perfect that's your ultimate one on Wednesday of next week because that's starting at 5 and 7. Utah and Toronto, all of those teams go 3 and 4 or better starting on Wednesday of next week if you wanted to front load your schedule with Timberwolves. If you wanna get real saucy and start your week with a 3 and 4, basically, you load up you front load your next week with teams that go 3 games the first 4 days. You could do that with 3 players if you wanted to, and then you'd basically have all of your moves left all the way through Friday unless you had to drop an injured player. Those teams are Utah, because we just talked about them starting at 5 and 7, today. Sacramento actually has a really good schedule starting next week and then rolling all the way through the beginning of the following week, but Sacramento goes 3 games in 4 days to start next week. And that's it. Those 2. Sacramento and the Utah Jazz are the 2 teams that go 3 times in 4 days to start next week. So if you wanted to power up on Jazz, you could you probably have to do it today because other people in your league are gonna be fighting that don't have a buy because they have those 5 games in 7 days, Utah on a back to back. You're gonna be competing. Sacramento is a team where because they only had one game over the last 4 days of this week, you might be able to see you know, like, if Kevin Herter's playing, let's say he comes back healthy, he actually be pretty good 3 games in 4 days. Sacramento don't have too many guys that are getting dropped, though. I don't think anybody's dropping Malik Monk or De'Aaron Fox or Demontis Sabonis or Keegan Murray. If they did drop Murray, then, obviously, he'd be the guy there. But that's how you'd start next week. You don't have to worry about a great schedule for the entire week. You can either go Minnesota for the back to back at the front end and then use your moves on basically Wednesday Sunday or Wednesday Friday of next week, or you can go Sacramento, Utah front load for 4 days, and then you get to power through. You can go back to backs on Friday for a bunch of them and then more pickups on Sunday. You get a lot of games played that way. I mean, really, getting a buy in Fantasy is just such a ridiculous advantage, and that's how you power boost the beginning of next week. I have 2 minutes here to scan the chat room to see if anybody brought up something that I did not bring up on the streaming side. I'm not gonna give you, like, yes or no stuff. There are no updates on Bagley or Rashaun Holmes. That's a good question, and, sadly, the answer is no. Rashaun Holmes, was questionable going into yesterday's ballgame, so I'd assume he's gonna be questionable going into the next one. Washington has a weekend back to back dam. It would be nice if he came back for those, though. Bagley got ruled out well in advance, so I don't think we see him for at least another 3, 4 ball games. After Utah's 5 game stream, is it reasonable to drop Keontae George or other pretty good players? I don't think I would because then they just segue right into an every other day, basically, for the end of time. And Keontae George has been good enough to warrant holding for that type of stretch. Because they go 5 and 7, and then they're off 1 on off on off on off on. They're they gave a 4 game week both next week and the week after that. So if you have a super fringy Jazz and you wanted to move off, that's okay. But for the ones that are actually pretty good, I think I'd probably stick with it. What about Scoot Henderson? I'm fine with him for this Portland hot spell, but that basically just ended. The Blazers go into kind of a light schedule right now. It's 3 games over 7 days. It's not bad, but I wouldn't pick him up for this stretch. If you're gonna pick him up, it's gotta be for a really heavy span. Would I pick up Taylor Hendrix? Yes. If he's healthy, he he's a go because Utah has this really good playoff by next week. Yeah. We'll get into that at in due time. You don't need to make moves right now for if you have a buy next week. If your playoffs start on March 25th, you you don't need to be doing anything to prepare for that today, because guys are gonna be in. Guys are gonna be out. Stuff's gonna happen. I'm scared to have a buy. Don't be scared. It's the best. It gives you so much wiggle room. If your players get hurt, you've loaded up with 5, 6 extra games that your opponent can't get. That's gonna cover you on that. Do you think Al Horford is a good pickup for next week? That's a really good question. My answer is probably not. But if he rests the game against Washington on the front end of this coming back to back, you'd then get Horford for a big game probably on Monday and a big game potentially on Wednesday if Porzingis isn't back yet, and then one out of 2 big games in the second back to back. So in that case, the answer is sort of. Because 3 good games out of Horford, the first 5 or 6 days next week would be worth it. But if he plays against Washington to finish this week and sits Monday of next week, then you end up basically with, like, a 3 day or a 2 day gap and then a game and then possibly another 2 day gap, and then I'd say no. Because then it's just not heavy enough. Alright. I gotta go. I got stuff going on with family. I hope this was helpful for this week and next week. Maximize those games. Let's win. Let's keep this going. I'm gonna try to get these streaming shows going over the weekend so I can give you some indications on Saturday, Sunday. I don't know at all what time of day it might be. The if there's a day game are there day games this weekend? Let's do a quick check on that so I know. Saturday, a couple hours early, but nothing crazy. Obviously, Sunday, there's an early one. So, Saturday, I'll try to get a streaming show going before the game starts. Sunday, I doubt it. So if we get that one out tomorrow, we'll try to make it sort of, like, a 2 day stream discussion. And then remember, later on today, we're gonna do the week in review. Because a lot of folks, you guys are still playing roto. Some of you are not in the playoffs, as you heard. There are some guys out there popping up that are actually kinda rest of season type of looks, and, I wanna make sure we cover those as well. Thanks for listening, everybody. I'll talk to you guys in a couple hours. Like, rate, subscribe. That way you know when the next show is coming. I'll see you then.