Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright, folks. I'm gonna talk a little fast on today's show. And frankly, I'm not sure that you guys really wanna know why, but I'll do my best to toe dance around it. Both of my children, not one. Actually, all 3 in sort of the craziest twist of all, the third one being the dog, have all had things returned from whence they came. Some more recently than others, but it's a hellscape in the Vesper's household right now, and it's not a big home. We're in a 2 bedroom apartment in West LA. So protect me, sweet door. Protect me, sweet door. Gosh. I hope that door can protect me. My wife, god lover, is, sitting out there. She's, stayed home from work today. Does not have it yet, but feels somewhat inevitable at this point. And, we'll, you know, do what we gotta do around here, I guess. Anyway, welcome to the show. It's Fantasy NBA Today. I say that because I don't want anybody's to be surprised when we kinda blitz our way through yesterday's recap and a look ahead at today's very large card. I am hoping to have time for a 20, 25 minute by low show in the afternoon today. Pacific time, I should say, afternoon Pacific time since it's already there, eastern time. But, again, everything's gonna have to just kinda get played by ear a little bit. I'm also demoing a new thing for those that are watching instead of listening. StreamYard is what we use to put these things out on into the universe. I know that if I learned OBS Studio, I think our content would be probably better looking. But StreamYard saves me a lot of time, which does generally is my rate limiting step. I am doing a 7 day trial, that allows me to use a slightly higher resolution. Curious to see if anything looks different on your end. If you think this show looks different in any way, let me know. If it looks exactly the same, then obviously, no reason to continue that nonsense. I think we can probably dive into it. First things first, find me on social over at Danvesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. Yesterday was a, 6 gamer, so not an intensely deep one, but we've got some stuff to go over. So let's begin that now. Chicago, Philadelphia, that was the, we call it the opener yesterday. Philly had the early game at 4 o'clock Pacific time, and they beat the snot out of the Bulls. This game was not as close as the 13 point final score would indicate as evidenced by the fact that, most of the Bulls played in the sort of 28 minute range. Tyrese Maxey at only 29 minutes, and Nick Nurse player playing only 29 minutes tells you a game is over very early. As far as fantasy stuff goes, not really much on the Philadelphia side. Embiid is back and triple doubled, and he and Shea are fighting for that number one spot in fantasy sports. But then everything else is kind of where you'd expect it. Kelly Oubre figures to have a good game here and there. This one was with the we, without, I should say, De'Anthony Melton. So that allowed Oubre to continue to start even with Nick Batum back in the mix, and then he went 5 for 8 shooting. So it's not like he had a massive truckload of usage heaped onto him. He just sort of stepped into Melton's shoes and did almost exactly what Melton does, which, you know, we know enough about Oobre's fantasy game to say, okay. Like, yeah, he does get some steals. He's not Melton level there. He'll hit some threes. He is Melton level there. Generally scores better. What does Oobre become when Melton and Batum are both in and starting? It seems like probably a schedule play or kind of a fill in guy when one of the big usage dudes is out. But those guys weren't out in this game, and he happened to come through anyway. Would I start O'Brien Roto? No. Would I start man head to head? Probably. As long as I knew somebody was out, that becomes a much easier decision to make. As far as the bulls go, Kobe White got hurt mid ball game. He basically finished it out. Patrick Williams got hurt mid ball game and didn't finish it out. Kobe, I think, kinda close to finishing it out, but the game was over early enough pace. He has slowed. We've talked about this a couple times on the show considerably here over the last week and a half after his extraordinarily hot run. We also got word yesterday that Zach LaVine is not that far from coming back. That's why, I had him on the buy low board. Not I guess it would be last week. Almost 8 days ago, I think we did that buy low. And I said, hey. If you wanna take a shot on Zach LaVine, I think he's at I think he's coming back soon. Bradley Beal was kinda that same type of deal where people were so frustrated and annoyed by it that you could get these players with fantasy and reality pedigree at a huge discount. I think some people probably still missed the Zach LaVine news because it wasn't, like, a big thing. It was a Billy Donovan presser quote where it's like, oh, yeah. Yeah. LaVine, you know, he's he's playing with Windy City, and he got a good practice in kinda thing. So they're hoping to have him back in the next week. I have to admit, I am pretty surprised that it sounds like LaVine is gonna play another game for the bulls, or maybe he's, like as soon as he gets healthy, he gets shipped off somewhere. I don't know. But, certainly, with Chicago playing better lately, they're now 15 and 20. They are ahead of the hawks for the 10 seed. You know, congratulations, I guess. But it seems like if he's healthy, they'll probably let him fly. Meantime, if Patrick Williams has to miss a game or if Kobe White misses a game, Iota sumo moves from, you know, decent minutes guy, but not a ton of production to probably enough production on top of the minutes. Because, usually, he's a guy where it's like, oh, you know, you got 28 minutes, but he didn't really get to do all that much with it. And you saw yesterday, he took 14 shots in his 32, 31 and a half minutes. No assists. That's not a great sign, but the bulls were terrible. They shot 38 and a half percent. Nobody really had any assists other than Dale and Terry. If one of these guys misses a game, White, Williams, whatever, DeSUNO, I think, would be a pretty reasonable fill in play. And, yes, Alex Caruso, he's still a play. I know this wasn't a good ballgame, but look. If it's not close, they're not gonna push him. That's the the Caruso rule. The Caruso rule. New Orleans blew out a Brooklyn team that's having all kinds of problems right now. Cam Johnson at least kind of survived this onslaught. Nobody else did. McHale Bridges has been very bad kind of from the outset this year, but the pieces right now just don't fit. I don't know if you wanna point to the Ben Simmons absence. I still don't know that we ever see Ben Simmons play basketball again, but, you know, whatever. I also brought up the fact that I was worried about sense Spencer Dinwiddie a couple weeks ago. This is your sort of bottoming out kind of ball game, which is I think people, when I talk about these things on the pod, they're, like, oh, yeah, Dan. You're taking a victory lap. I'm not, actually. I think this is potentially a buy opportunity on Dinwiddie. Not that I would. I'm not going out of my way for him. He's ranked outside the top 150 on the season in 31 and a half minutes ballgame, and that's, like we've talked about this. Not a great foul shooter. He's not a good field goal percent guy. He doesn't do much besides assist and score. And, typically, those two things are not enough. We've seen Dennis Schroder do it at sort of a a much better clip this season, but this is why I was worried because I'm a 9 cat guy. Bridges is the easier by low rec on this team. At some point, he's just gonna be like, this is stupid, and I'm gonna go do some more stuff. He looks tired. Team looks disinterested. They are just getting smoked early and often, and you kinda figure something's gonna pop here. I don't know what it's gonna be, but something's gonna pop. And you kinda wanna just be ready for whatever that is. As far as, like, what are you doing tonight with that information, see if you can go get bridges for, like, a top 55, top 60 kinda guy because, honestly, you might be able to right now. For New Orleans, they put this one away early. So, basically, the analysis here is kinda don't pay attention to this box score other than one key thing. And that one key thing is that Herb Jones is good when Trey Murphy is out. It's almost been a one to one correlation to this point. Pretty damn close. Almost as close as you can get in fantasy for wing players, non center, non point guard types. So when Trey Murphy comes back, you probably begin to worry about Herb again. When he's out, Herb's a goal, and it I think it kinda solidifies him as an injury replacement and a very good one, mind you. You know, injury replacement 2 burger kinda guy, but he was bad for, like, 9, 10 games in a row when Trey Murphy was in there, and then Trey went down and Herb is magically it's not magic. Had, I think, 2 good ball games straight now. Anyhoo, Memphis beats San Antonio, 10698. Julian Champagne, 12 points, 4 boards to assist a steal, 3 three pointers, but only 22 minutes. It's just, again, you know, he's not gonna get to do enough nightly. There's I am intrigued slightly by Champagne in the starting lineup, but his minutes are not guaranteed. The Spurs are, not that covertly tanking the crap out of this season. Now when Banyama's on a minutes cap, about 25 to 20 6 ish minutes per ball game, he's not playing in back to back. He's still gonna put up nice numbers. Saw it here. 20.7 boards, 4 blocks, still good for Victor. But overall, you know, I I nobody wants him only playing 24 minutes. He can go harder in them. I guess that's a good thing, but, like, it's gonna hurt rebounds. It's ultimately going to hurt defensive stats, and there isn't anything you can do about it besides ride it out. Still think he's fun, though. You guys know my feeling on the rest of these guys. Anytime that Devin Vassell has a big ball game, you try to sell high. Kelton Johnson, if he has a big game, you try to sell high. Jeremy Solhan, if he has a big game, you probably didn't had him have him because he's been so bad. That's the Spurs. In fact, I think is Swamin Jamami the only spur inside the top 100 now? Kelton Johnson has fallen outside of it to 104. You just eventually, you knew the percentages were gonna catch up there. Vassell is where? Am I looking at total rank or per game? Devin Vassell is oh, look. He's inside the top 75. He had a few good ones in a row. Phew. Couple of them. That's fortunate. I think I missed a game or I think I missed a good one or 2 from Vassell when I was in Yosemite. The, the lower Wembanyama minutes are probably a good thing for Vassell and Keldon Johnson because it kinda guarantees they'll have enough to do on a night to night basis. I am somewhat curious what Zach Collins' role is gonna look like when he comes back. Is he gonna play the other, you know, 24 center minutes? Is that his entire job? Will there be any time where those 2 guys coexist? I'm not I don't think you need to roster Zach Collins. It's not at all what I'm saying. I just think that there's maybe an outside shot that he could have value. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Let's see what we got here. Memphis side. I mean, Luke Kennard is making a case to be a 3 point streamer, but they're kinda going easy on his legs, so probably not. Santi Aldama had his first decent ballgame in about 3 weeks, so you can ignore that. I guess the good news here so everything always ends up as, like, the great leveling in life is undefeated. Jaren Jackson junior, after being, like, number 100 after a month, is I think he worked himself up into the what was I looking at yesterday? I got a weird board going. I think he's at, like, number 50 something now. So it slowly works its way up. He's obviously been a lot better the last month. Ja Morant has had his massive couple of games to start the year, and then the magic of 9 cat kicks in, and he's back down to number 81. Points league megastud. That's just the way things go. I'm not picking up Bismoc, Biambo. We've been down this road way too many times for you to even ask about that. Probably the most important thing on the Memphis side is that Marcus Smart played 30 minutes and did nothing. Five points, 2 boards, 3 assists. If you guys remember, he was around 120 before he got hurt, and that was Ja Morant when Ja was out. Now Ja's back, so you figure Smart's offensive role is gonna be smaller. The question is, basically, can he do enough in steals, in assists, and hopefully get those turnovers down to kinda squeeze inside the top 100. But he's still averaging 3 turnovers a game, and that's frankly just way too many for somebody who's not racking up assists, assists to turnover ratio of, like, 1.3 to 1. Not good enough, I say. Hell of a game. Thunder beat the Celtics 127123. That's a fun one. Kristaps Porzingis is putting up normal Porzingis numbers despite playing alongside 2 high usage juggernauts. He's just even more efficient now somehow, and he's number 17 again somehow. Good for KP. He's having a good year. Derrick White's having a good year. Tatum had a big ballgame here, pushed his way back up to number 28, which I mean, obviously, when he was, like, number 30 5, we had him on the Bilode board, which is the most obvious call in the history of mankind. Jaylen Brown was bad in this one. There's not much to talk about on the Celtics. Al Horford had 5 blocks, but, again, he's a guy you play when somebody's out because then he gets those starters minutes. For the Thunder, Shea just keeps on trucking, man. He missed a couple of free throws in this game, which is like, oh, no. Is this guy falling? Nah. Sky's fine. Only one steal, though. I know. We can wag our finger at him. One steal. What happened? This is like the parent that sees the kid get a 97 on the exam and goes, yeah. But what happened to these 3? What I would like to know is what is Jalen Williams ranked now? 66, friends. That was another really easy buy low. You knew things would start to come around for him. Like because he looked good. The only thing that was off was the defensive stats. Right? And they're starting to creep back up now. He's up to 1.5 combined defensive stats. If he gets that up to 2 by the end of the season, you're talking about a guy in the forties. Hopefully, you bought low on him when he was ranked at, like, 95. Someone asked me today if I thought Josh Giddey was coming around. I don't, actually. Not necessarily because he's not having an okay, like, couple game stretch, but mostly just because his game doesn't translate to 9 cat all that well. Field goal percent's not very good. Free throw's a little better. Turnovers are kinda meh. Doesn't get much in the way of defensive stats. Doesn't shoot the 3. So you're talking about a point guard who rebounds and passes a little bit. It's like if you got Draymond Green at point, but without any defensive numbers. It just doesn't translate all that well. Points leagues, yes. He's more interesting there. 9 cat, there's just sort of almost no way he gets to where folks wanted him to be. Warriors beat the Magic. Steph Curry beat the Magic. Maybe I should clarify. Steph busting out of his slump. He had fallen outside the top 20 on a per game basis sort of quietly. Steals have dropped for Steph last couple of seasons. I think some of that's just having to shoulder a larger offensive load. Three pointers had dropped under 5 for ball per ball game, thanks to a field goal percent slump, but and he only had 4 in this ball game for whatever that's worth. But he got some steals. He did it on a good percentages. Actually, missed some free throws. But, yeah, there was never really a reason to worry about Steph. Someone actually dropped into my Twitter mentions to ask, Someone actually dropped into my Twitter mentions to ask if, if Steph was washed. I was like, well, I don't know. Did you watch, like, the first 7 weeks of the year before he shot poorly for 4 games or whatever it was? No, man. We have this thing, and I don't know if I like, I think some of it is a little tongue in cheek where we're, like, trying to figure out when a guy is officially cooked. No one actually thinks that Steph is cooked. He's unreal, man. He still does things that no one else can do. I know guys get older. It's a whole thing. At some point, everybody's gonna hit that marker. But even the greatest go through little shooting slumps, and then they tend to bust out the other side with a few games in a row where they shoot, you know, 12 for 20, and all of them are 3 pointers or something like that. So no no reason to worry there. He was a buy low. He'll be fine. As far as the rest of this ball game goes, Jonathan Kuminga had a better one. I still find him kind of hard to deploy on the roto side because you you don't really know when the numbers are gonna be good for 2 games in a row or even one game in a row. He's outside the top 160 over the last week because turnovers are high. Field goal and free throw percent are not positives. He's not hitting any threes. 15 points and 7 rebounds, it's fine. Like, that works again, points league stuff and head to head if you're not necessarily desperately trying to win free throws or whatever, or turnovers. Like, all these things help him on the head to head side that on Roto, you're like, you know what? That crap is gonna count against me for the whole damn year. So head to head for me, Kuminga over Roto. Gary Payton the second came back and immediately got hurt again. Brandon Pogemski, 28 minutes off the bench. It's something to monitor. Not because I think his his role is just gonna go away, but Andrew Wiggins has been a little bit better lately. Trace Jackson Davis is getting a longer look, which, again, he's the he's the big news here. He needs to be added after that last ballgame where he started, and you start him if he's starting. Chris Paul, they're sort of shoehorning back into a more feature role with guys hurt. And I guess the biggest thing for me on Podgemski, who, again, I think is a very much a hold right now, because one slightly slower ball game is not reason to go full panic mode. But will he ever hit the will he ever hit the I don't call it rookie wall. I guess it's the sort of nomenclature for it. Will he ever kinda run out of gas? Because a lot of what he does is that high energy crashing into people, rebounding, passing, defense stuff. And even the guys that have been in the league a long time eventually get hurt or tired doing that, like the Josh Hartz, the Pat Beverley's, those types. If that's who if if that's what Podgemski's gonna be, which, by the way, is excellent, but those types of guys, they end up battered and bruised, and it's hard to go 6 months like that. Do I think that's gonna happen tomorrow, the next day? I don't know. The hell do I know? We're just sort of trying to read the the ebb and flow of the long season. So hold for now. Keep an eye on it, but no adjustments there. And then as the magic go, you're holding Jalen Suggs. At some point, he's gonna fully get his legs back underneath him. He's in a little bit of a funk right now, but I think he'll be fine. Golgi Batadze started, played 26 minutes in this one. He was good, but they have 3 centers that they're all trying to give minutes to. Batadze got 26, Mo Wagner 15, Wendell Carter Junior 20. They're playing some of those guys together at times. The Magic have what we can deem sort of a good problem. Like, it's not like they have too many great centers. They have too many adequate centers, and not one of them is good enough to supplant the others. Best thing for the Magic would be to see if they could go get something for, like, a Moe Wagner on the trade market or, a. I feel like a team like I don't know. The freaking Lakers would love to have Moe Wagner to go, foul somebody hard and hit a 3 pointer and rebound kinda thing. Because, like, Jackson A's ain't doing it, and Christian Wood is sort of what all the coaches knew he was. That was the difference of fantasy stats versus what is actually happening on a basketball court. I mean, maybe they'd and then there are other teams. I shouldn't say it's the Lakers. I just happen to watch them a lot. There are other teams out there that could use a floor spacing kind of angry big man. I don't know if the Magic could split up the Wagner's, though, so maybe but Todd's is the guy that they'd put out there, and, again, somebody could use him. They probably prefer to have him. He's freaking starting for him right now. What the hell am I talking about? Cole Anthony is in one of his funks. He is a stream while warm guy. He's, very much in that bucket, and then I see no reason to move him out of it. And finally, and this is the big surprise of the night, Charlotte defeated Sacramento. A 111101. That's a big oopsies. Kings will be fine. They're 19 and 13, but this one was supposed to be a tap in. Just tap it in. Just tap it in. And they went out there, and they shot the ball poorly, and they turned it over some odd times or whatever it was. Sabonis had 11 turnovers. I call that the Stackhouse triple double, by the way. 23 points, 18 boards, 11 giveaways because, old Stack used to do that sometimes back in the early 2000. Me and my college roommates used to have a good chuckle about the Stackhouse tripled up. Sorry, Jerry. You are a very good basketball player. This is not meant to pick on you, but you did have some of those. Terry Rozier, giant ballgame. Basically, he again, anytime you can try to sell high on him, you do it. I love Terry Rozier. I I love his fantasy game, but we also need to be pragmatic about the fact that at some point, LaMelo Ball is gonna resurface. Gordon Hayward might also, not that it really matters all that much. Brandon Miller will also. So it's just not gonna be this wide open of a run forever. Miles Bridges is a start, of course. PJ Washington is a start. He only played 24 minutes off the bench, but who cares? With all these guys hurt, he just runs in there and takes all the shots he can find. And then Cody Martin is sort of your fringy one. Nick Richards still filling in for Mark Williams, who's been doubtful for an entire month and still hasn't played. Ridiculous. Kevin Erder got benched for the Kings. Chris Duarte started at shooting guard. He was I think I would argue a better facilitator, and so maybe that's a thing that gets tried again. The Kings bench got smashed in this ball game. Starters were sort of, like, breakeven for the most part. Bench got smashed. Malik Monk and and coach Brown had a little bit of a war of words on the bench, so Malik's minutes got trimmed. We'll see if that wakes him up in the next one or if it puts him deeper into a dog house. You gotta hold on Monk for now. And then for Duarte, I'm not racing out to pick him up because, like, his game doesn't translate all that great to Fantasy. But if he's really gonna be out there, and they're like, look, your job is to rebound, pass, steal, and hit threes, then maybe there's an outside way to sort of circle into Fantasy value. I I just I'd need to see it to believe it. And that was yesterday's stuff. A mid show reminder, everybody, to check out our friends over atmanscaped.com. Use promo code ethos 20 to get 20% off your order. We're getting all these really nice positive reviews from the folks in the YouTube chat room that have been buying the MANSCAPED stuff, and they're like, this thing is amazing. I forget who said it yesterday, and I apologize for forgetting the, the poster who said they bought a lawnmower 2 years ago. That was, like, this first or second year of the MANSCAPED partnership, and he's never had to get another one. And that's the problem with our MANSCAPED partnership. I need new people to go get stuff over there because folks that have already bought things at MANSCAPED, they don't need to get another one. The problem with having a good product is folks don't need to buy it a second time. It's why Apple has to change the freaking charger on all their crap. Why? Because, otherwise, we'd just use the same charger for 20 straight years. That's not true. They need to they put out new phones every year and a half. So, yeah, go new folks, go check out manscaped.com. Promo code again is ethos 20 over there. And, hey, take a second here mid show to to make sure you like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff, no matter you're taking in the pod. And whatever you can do on social as well, whatever you can do to help spread the word, we really do appreciate that. As far as tonight is concerned, certainly a few things to keep an eye on. It's a rather busy evening. What are we at? 13? Is this a 13 gamer? I'll count it live on air. I got no shame. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. Only 12. Oh, that's small potatoes, he says with his tongue firmly. I'm a shake. Sorry about what we're looking for. For the Wizards, it's Denny Abdi heating up, because he's, kind of in that stream while warm zone. He's been better lately. Started the year well. Faded hard. Now he's come on a bit last week, week and a half or so. For the Cavs, I've been watching Max Strouse because he is in a brutal field goal funk right now. 32% for a month. That's rough. The good news is it's pretty easy to fix it. Just goes on a decent field goal stretch, and here we go. Anyhoo, Malik Beasley. So I'm watching on the Bucks. If he's really just 3 pointers and the steals and boards and assists and all that stuff that he was getting early in the year, if those are actually drying up, then he would be a a guy that moves back into just sort of stream zone. Buddy healed off the bench, kind of a these days. I'm gonna hold a little bit longer, see how that goes. Brooklyn is a team where it feels like something's gonna pop. We just kinda wanna be ready when it does. Pelicans, we've talked about. They have Herb with and without Trey Murphy. Let's call them Trey Jones. My bad. Raptors, this is a team to actually keep a close watch on. What's IQ gonna do? That's Immanuel Quickley. RJ Barrett, again, Canada's prodigal son. He returns to play for his home nation team. And then Trent junior, does he actually still have a role off the bench? We'll kinda see about that. Grizzlies, Marcus Smart's the guy we talked about him. Blazers, Anthony Simons has been out with a respiratory bug last week. We'll see if he gets back in for this one. For the Mavs, now we got Kyrie and Luca back together. Do any of the wings remain playable now that the usage guys are in? The bulls, we got a bunch of game time decision type of dudes, so, let's keep an eye on that one. Andre Drummond, obviously, as well. For the Knicks, Hart and Divincenzo are the guys I'm watching there. For the Jazz, I mean, things are weird with Utah, man. Who the hell plays for that team on a night to night basis? So that's another one where you're just sort of watching to see what happens every day. John Collins seems lately like he can be disposed of. Walker Kessler sort of, like, in and out of the starting lineup, but he's been good either way. Jordan Clarkson had a triple double, so then he becomes a sell high. Does Collin Sexton fall off a cliff here? There's a lot going on with this team, Utah. Miami comes down to who's in and who's out, so that's a health one. Lakers gotta figure some stuff out. Rui Yachamour is out. D'Angelo Russell's doubtful. I would assume that means more Max Christie, but I don't think that matters for Fantasy. Probably enough Torrian Prince to let him fly. Orlando on the back to back in Sacramento. This should be a tough travel game for them from Golden State. It's a drive, but still kind of a tough one. Kings, I'm sure, are gonna be pissed after yesterday's loss to the Charlotte Hornets. But you're watching Duarte there for Orlando. You can keep an eye on Suggs, the center situation. That's kind of the stuff for this evening. As I mentioned, folks, we're trying to keep this one a little bit on the shorter side because my children are, like, extraordinarily ill. Two rooms over, and I am going to throw on a hazmat suit and go see if, anybody needs anything in the other room here. If you got a question, apologies to the folks that did put stuff in the chat room. I'd I appreciate you guys. If you can help each other on these shows, that's also great, or throw it in the comments tab, and, and I'll try to take a look at that. One question here that's not fantasy. Baby stay flow says, hey, Dan. In your opinion, what is the MVP race looking like? Right now, it's probably Embiid on the repeat, but Shea is probably your number 2. Thunder 23 and 9, 2nd seed in the West, behind the Timberwolves who have, too many good players for any one of them to be the MVP. Obviously, Jokic is gonna be up there every year. But I feel like and for you know, fair or not, I think people are bored of Jokic being this amazing, and they wanna see if somebody else can make some headway. And right now, Shea has absolutely made that headway. He and Embiid are duking it out. I don't think anybody else is really all that close, frankly. I mean, you wanna look at the Bucks and Celtics who have better records. Could you go Tatum? Probably not. They have too many great players. Bucks, you could look at Giannis. He's been very, very good this year. 31 points, 11 rebounds, but kind of quietly awesome. I don't know why nobody thinks the Bucks are any good. They're 24 and 9. But to me, it's Embiid and it's Shea. And I don't have the odds of that in front of me, but if you wanna throw a half shekel on each of them, feels like one of them probably comes up with, with your winner. So, again, if you got a question, throw it in the comments tab. That again goes for everybody. If you're listening to the show on iTunes, Spotify, whatever service you use to pull the pod down, you can still navigate over to our YouTube page and throw a comment on something. Best way to get ahold of me these days is that because ultimately might be later on in the day or the next day or whatever, I will see those. It won't be hyper fast, but with Twitter, I miss notifications all the time. They're just, like, flying past me at this ridiculous rate, which is cool. I like being, like, popular over there, but I can't I can't keep track of it, especially not with hell happening elsewhere in my house. Even harder. I am Dan Vesperis. We're wrapping it up early today. Short shorter show at Dan Vesperis on social. This is a sports ethos presentation. Fantasy NBA Today, the name of the program. Hoping to be back with you guys later today with a little 20, 25 minute Bilos show. Stay tuned for that. Good reason to hit the subscribe button, or follow on social, because I'll post it over there as well. Have a good middle of the day, and I hopefully will talk to you soon. So long for now.