Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright, folks. It's streaming Showtime episode 2 today here on Wednesday, March 20th. You've got about an hour and a half or so before games begin. That's more than enough time to listen to this show and make your last second long streaming decisions, and we've got some options today. Again, you can find me over on social media at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. This is a sportsethos.com presentation. You can find all the information you need to know about sportsethos and me and our sponsors and our Discord and our products of in the show description no matter how you're taking in today's podcast. So with that, I bring you schedule analysis. As always, for those that are watching live, we'll do just a quick scroll through the board so you guys can see what this week looks like, especially starting today on Wednesday. And, yes, you probably saw some bright blue as we scrolled through. Those are critical spots. But before we get to the ads, let's start with the drops. Who are the worst teams to have players on right now? Well, the worst is all by itself, and that's the Charlotte Hornets. You might be like, Dan, doesn't Dallas also have a terrible schedule? And I'd be like, yes. Listeners, viewers, you are correct. However, Dallas plays tomorrow. So while both the Hornets and the Mavericks each play only one game over the final 5 days of this week, the Hornets have 3 days off starting today. There is absolutely no reason to hang on to, I would argue, any Hornet for 5 games or 5 days with 1 ball game, but certainly not when you can grab a team with 4 games left. That's a big and easy call to make. There sorry. There aren't with 3 games left. Get your head in the game, Dan. You're getting text messages about your kid at preschool, and you're distracted. Three games left the rest of the week. Lots of choices to go from 1 to 3 games. And the beautiful part about it is a bunch of teams play twice before the Hornets even have another ball game. So, legitimately, you're turning 3 days of nothing into possibly 2 games. And with a 3rd game, you don't lose anything on the tail end of the week either. I can make the argument that the Mavericks fall into a similar category, but likely you have someone on the Mavs like a Kyrie or a Luca. Daniel Gafford would be the only one who's a little bit farther down the board where you're like, well, Kyrie and Luca, you're trying to hold on to even after their game with the Hornets. I don't know that there's anybody that's high enough ranked, even Miles Bridges where you're like, do I really hang on for any reason at all here? Like, I wanna try to make it last, but you can get so much more out of these guys on the wire. These 3 gamers that are everywhere compared to one game of a hornet or one game of, basically, anybody on the Mavericks outside of, Luca and Kyrie. But, again, the nice thing about Dallas is that let's say you do have Daniel Gafford. You can play him tomorrow, and you can still pivot off of a maverick for the last 3 days of this week. Play somebody that has 2 games over that stretch. That way, you're still getting the game out of the guy you like the most. In a way where with the Hornets, if you try to hang on and say play Miles Bridges, there's no way to get more than one additional game at the end of the week, and you're really not gaining much in a long term either. So those are your 2 terrible schedules, the Hornets being much worse. There are a couple of schedules that are also relatively bad comparatively. These are pretty bad if they were kind of, like, in a vacuum. But compared to Charlotte and Dallas, they're only kind of bad, and that's Minnesota and Orlando. Minnesota's the worst of the 2. They're off for 2 days, then they have 2 games, and then they're off, well, over 3 days, and then they're off for 2 more days. So it's like the inversion of a 5 and 7. Basically, the Kings play every day that Minnesota doesn't, and the Wolves play every day that Kings doesn't. Meaning, Minnesota has a 2 game week starting today. That's bad. Minnesota's had a terrible schedule for a lot of these playoffs. Now I get it. They have 2 games left the rest of this week, and then they have one game over 4 days to start next week. So if you really loved your Timberwolf, say, like an Anthony Edwards type, then, yes, it obviously makes sense to hold and see what happens. But you've got an injured Nasrid, you've got an injured Rudy Gobert, you've got a bunch of fill in level guys, and you've got Mike Conley, basically. Head to head, there really isn't that big of a reason to keep these dudes over that 7 game span. Whatever you do when you pick up a player now has to be over that week. Meaning, you could drop a Timberwolf for a king and hold for 7 days, and you'd actually get a 3 game bump over those 7 days. That's wild. Truly outstanding. I don't know if I I think I got that right. I think they are inversions of one another. And then the other one that we were just talking about was Orlando, but that one's a little bit no. Did I say Orlando? Come on, Dan. Get your head in the game. Yes. Orlando is the other one. They have games tomorrow Saturday, so it's a little bit easier if you have a Magic you really like, and there aren't that many. Paolo, points league, Franz for everything else, basically, and Suggs lately have been a lot better. You could, if you wanted to hang on through Saturday, make a move on Sunday before they have 3 days off, basically. Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, they don't play. That would be where you could gain a bunch of games, because then they slip into there are 2 games over 7 days, but the worst of it comes after tomorrow, basically. And they're 1 game over 5 days on, like, 2 different angles. You could also make your move on Sunday and still have a 1 game in 5 day span. They basically have a schedule coming up where after tomorrow, they have the schedule that the Hornets have today, if that makes sense. Excuse me. The Mavericks have today. So Orlando's schedule is not the worst thing in the world yet, but it's about to be. So if you wanted to get out in front of it, you could, or you wait and you make your move in, a day or 2 days or 3 days or whatever it is. So that fits in a little bit better. Now we look over at the best schedules, and I'll just put this picture right on Sacramento because there ain't anybody close. The Kings play 5 games over the next 7 days. That's the best schedule you'll ever have in a 7 game span in the modern NBA outside of, like, a crazy makeup scenario that doesn't seem to be happening now that COVID is not a big time problem all the time. Kings play 5 times in 7 nights. Phoenix and Utah, they each have a back to back, and they could also go if you wanted to go 3 games in 4 nights or 4 and 6. So there's some flexibility there, meaning they have a back to back today, then they play Saturday, and they play Monday of next week. Same thing for both of those two teams. Monday is close to an overload day for next week. It's right on the borderline. Wednesday Friday are the max overload days next week, so that's where things get really hairy. Boston, Portland, and Toronto are 3 teams that also have a back to back, but on the tail end of a 3 game and 4 day span. Meaning, they go today, then they're off, then they have a back to back Friday, Saturday. So that was Boston, who we just talked about. That was Portland that we just talked about. Right? Yes. Portland and Toronto. Those teams all have pretty good schedules over the next 4 days, but minimal flexibility because you'd wanna hold until Saturday on those. Though Portland, Toronto, they slide into an every other day valuation for a couple of ball games after that. Boston, they fizzle out after Monday. Boston schedule gets very light after Monday. And then finally, Milwaukee has a back to back, but this is very shortsighted. They go back to back, then they're off for 2 days. So they have one game over 4 days. The big thing with Milwaukee is that they actually have a really good schedule next week because they play on the non overload days. So their 3 game week might be, like, you get 3 games and you give up 0. Still, I don't know how you pick up Milwaukee right now if you're not gonna hold all the way through next Saturday. It's not the best. I think I'd probably look more at the Bucks on Sunday because then you get that last game this week, and you could hold through the the lighter calendar days. But, again, if you have, you know, if, like, a Malik Beasley is floating around because Giannis is still out, Beasley will be a little bit better. Portis is not gonna be on the wire. And you're probably not extending any farther than that even though someone like a, you know, a Connington might be a little or Jae Crowder was better in their last ballgame. Those are guys that you you just you get nothing if Giannis is back. So it's a very hard call to make if you're planning on holding through next Saturday. Okay. So we've given you the bad schedules, the teams that you should be thinking about dropping from. We've given you the good schedules, the teams you should be considering moving on to. Who are the players on those good schedules that you should be considering? That's where we wanna try to get into the weeds a little bit. What's the pickup? What's the move? There's always something that we gotta do out there. Well, this is what we saw this morning, and, you know, we'll we'll make adjustments as news continues to come in. But for the Kings, who has the best schedule? Harrison Barnes and Keion Ellis are the two names you'd wanna look at, with Kevin Hurter injured. We know that Ellis is gonna get pretty good minutes right now, and he's an insane defensive player. If you watch him, he's, you know, hyper high octane guy. Hopefully, you get a 3 pointer. You know, maybe he takes 4 or 5 shots. If you get up to 6, that's a big win for him. Barnes is just a guy who's fringy in every sense of the universe, but 5 games 7 nights out of a fringy player is generally pretty good. I'm much more excited about Kean Ellis because heaven forbid, hurt or misses a week or someone else gets hurt and misses any ballgame in there. Ellis will play 30 minutes, and you might get 15 defensive stats over this next 7 days. Like, you might legitimately get 8 steals and 7 blocks or 9 and 6 or something like that. These are, you know, people throw around the term this, like, will win you a week. It's not gonna win you a week. But on top of what you're getting out of the rest of your team, that's how it maybe pushes you over the top in that week. Maybe you're not competitive in a category you thought you were gonna lose. Maybe a category you thought was gonna be close, he could tip you in the winning side in both of them. I love Kean Ellis for the next 5 games. I think this is a great pickup. I think you could use him in roto if you're hunting steals and blocks. There's just a lot of reasons to lean in his direction. That next tier down we talked about was the Suns and the Jazz. Royce O'Neil and Eric Gordon are kind of the only guys you'd look at on Phoenix. I'm not big proponents of them, although O'Neil's last ball game was a little bit better. And then for Utah with guys in and out of the lineup, Jordan Clarkson still out. We don't know about John Collins still for tonight. What's the report there? Did we get anything back on him yet? Still nothing? Nope. Still nothing. So hard to know, but Taylor Hendrix and Chris Dunn would be the possible plays there, because Dunn's probably gonna get about 20 to 24 minutes. He'll get you some steals and assists. Hendrix is a guy that could get you, you know, 8 to 10 points, 6 to 8 rebounds, maybe a steal, maybe a 3, maybe you squeeze in a block. And it seems like you can do it on decent percentages. So, again, you know, you take the 3 games in 4 nights or you wanna extend it to 4 games in 6 nights or whatever, that's not terrible. Hendrix probably my favorite of that group. And then you move down one more tier. I didn't even go down all the way to Milwaukee because I already said Malik Beasley, and he's kinda the only one you're looking at. The next tier down was the Celtics, the Blazers, the Raptors, teams that had the 3 and 4, but with the back to back flipped, so it's on the tail end. For the Celtics, Peyton Pritchard is the guy. He's probably only gonna get about 19 minutes in this ballgame, but then he'll probably get 30 plus in the back to back when the Celtics rest a bunch of dudes. So again, over 3 games, now instead of you know, you you started to tabulate it all up, and you say, alright. Well, 30, 30, and 20 or, you know, 32, 32, and 19 or something like that. You're talking about over 80 minutes. 81, 82, 83, something like that, which is close to 3 starters level performances out of a guy that can give you points, assists, some steals, definitely some threes, decent free throw percent, field goal percent is a little bit up in the air. I like Pritchard a lot for 3 these next 3 ball games. Scoot on the Blazers would be interesting because Simons is probably gonna rest one half of their back to back. Jabari Walker is more of a rebound stream. Jumaane Kamara is more of a prayer. And then for the Raptors, Bruce Brown, if he's on the wire, this would be a time to pick him back up. Grady Dick is intriguing. Not I don't like his fantasy game all that much, but again, 3 days and 4 nights. And then Johntae Porter, who's playing about 20 minutes of a reserve center role and getting some defensive stats and, you know, a couple of rebounds and a couple of points. As these teams lean into more of a tank mindset, those types of guys get a little bit more appealing, but, again, they're not my favorite. Who are Dan's favorites on this list? Keion, Ellis, and Barnes because their schedule is the best. And then of the of tier 2 and tier 3 where the schedules are not all that, separate, Pritchard and Hendrix are probably kind of my first grouping. The next group down would be Bruce Brown possibly by himself in that tier. And then the 3rd tier down, if none of those guys is available, that's where you get into Royce O'Neil, Gordon, Dunn, Scoot, and then everybody else is kinda below that. That's the way I look at that, that segment. Quick check of the chat room. A handful of you guys were able to, squeeze in here. Let's see. Daily roto league. I'm hunting free throw percent. Mobley's on the wire. I think you gotta leave him alone. I don't doesn't sound like he's back. I mean, if you wanna stash him, great. I have no idea if he's gonna play again. Jess says, in a head to head league, I picked up Gary Trent and and Deontay George yesterday. Should I drop one for Portis or Trace or save my last 2 pickups, or I can drop Trey Murphy and use one pickup? Gary Trent is not someone you should be dropping, because he has 3 games in 4 nights, same with Utah. Those guys have really good schedules right now. Unless we're talking about is this day ahead, maybe? Maybe that's the question where I got confused because Golden State goes tomorrow. Golden State has 2 games the rest of the week. After today, no. I'm all turned around here. Golden State has 3. Utah has 3. Toronto has 3. Yeah. I I wouldn't use a move if you're not gaining a game played. Hopefully, that was a bit more clear. And then New Orleans, they still have 3 games as well, and they have a really good schedule next week. So I think I'd probably stand pat there. Dan, would you drop Aaron Neesmith tonight to grab Isaiah Hartenstein? I'm hunting defensive categories. Indiana still has 2 games left. The Knicks still have 2 games left. I I think I'd stand Pat. I don't I don't think that there's I mean, if this is for head to head streaming, you generally don't wanna make a move if you aren't gaining a game play. Jimmy Butler is in. Who do I drop? On Yecco, Kang Wu, Aaron Nesmith, or Ahman Thompson? It's a little bit based on statistical need. Drop is probably Neesmith. Would you pick up Middleton for Milwaukee if he was available? I I don't think Chris plays the back to back here for the Bucks. But for next week, for Sunday through their light days next week, then the answer becomes a yes. Thoughts on Isaac Okoro and the Cleveland cavalier's schedule? Question from Sammy. Let's take a look at Cleveland. I believe they're every other day, the rest of this week. Yeah. I got no problem with the Coro. They are 4 games in 6 days, but the, the back to back is at the tail end of that. So that would end up being Sunday, Monday. So, not a bad schedule if you're trying to front load next week, but then they roll right into the overflow days. So it's possible that if you picked up an Acoro, you you don't gain all that much here. I'm fine with it, by the way. I think he's gonna have an okay line each of these next 4 ball or however long Donovan Mitchell's out. We think about a week, so next 4 ball games. But then you probably don't get to use him Wednesday or Friday or maybe even Sunday of next week. And so then this this pickup becomes probably someone you drop on Tuesday of next week, so that's fine. I have no problem with it. The only downside for, Coro in Cleveland is that if you do pick up a Cav, you're pretty much locked into holding them through Monday. So minimal flexibility even though, not a bad schedule. You do still get 3 games the rest of this week. Dropping Caruso for Lavert, question mark. Four games for Cleveland, only 3 for Chicago, and Caruso's questionable tomorrow. Cleveland, 4 games? Are we talking about next week? We must be talking about next week. No. Both teams have 4 games next week. Oh, maybe you're saying 2 games left for Chicago this week versus 3 for the cavaliers. Yeah. I mean, it's not insane because if Caruso misses that game, then, or you're oh, okay. So you're front loading. You're looking to get through Monday of next week. No. Both those teams actually have a game on Monday. So it is 4th versus 3 if you're holding through Monday of next week. Yeah. I mean, if you have this is one of those moves you make where, like, you maybe you have some extra moves left over. I'm probably waiting until tomorrow to get a report on Caruso, because he's been so freaking good this year that I don't wanna abandon ship unless I have to. You do have one team tomorrow that goes 3 times in 4 days. It's the Pelicans. There aren't that many options, mind you, but there is one. So if if Caruso gets ruled out tomorrow, you could still turn his now one remaining game into a 3 game week. Yes. You miss out on LaVert who's, like, pretty decent here with Donovan Mitchell out. So if you have that extra move, if you, like, if you still have 3 2 or even 3 moves left today, you could probably make that swap. But if you're down to, like, your last move, if you're in the 1 to 2 ish range, I'd probably hang on and make sure Caruso's not playing before you drop a guy who's healthy. It's hard for me to make the call to drop a healthy player to gain one ballgame. But if you find out he's not, it becomes a much easier call to make. Alright. My little guy's about to show up from preschool, so I gotta get off air before he does. Thank you guys for watching. Please follow on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. Please like, rate, subscribe. But take a second to subscribe. I'm gonna keep trying to do these shows every day until the season ends. I hope they remain helpful. Hugs and kisses to you all. We'll see you tomorrow for a recap show. I'm Dan. Bye bye.