Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Who doesn't love a good day starting with some breaking damn news? I love a day that starts with some breaking damn news. Terry Rozier is now a member of the Miami Heat. Big news of the morning. Trade going down. We don't have to wait long these days. We had Siakam a few days ago. We got Rozier now. Good times are these. Wojs and Shams duking it out just like it's trade deadline morning even if it's 2 and change weeks away. The news, which I've just alerted you guys, details as I've now flashed up on the screen, each tweeting some iteration of the Charlotte Hornets are trading Terry Rozier to the Miami Heat for a 20 27 1st round pick, and Kyle Lowry headed back to Charlotte in the first of what it feels like gonna be many trades. And I don't wanna get my hopes too high about this trade deadline, but the fact that we've had 2 pretty big ones and we're not even into February yet, well, that's got me all tickled. I am tickled pink, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. This is your instant reaction episode. We'll also take the second half of the show to break down the Monday results. So you could just kinda stick around. We'll roll 2 shows into 1. But point number 1 here, in addition to welcoming you all to the show, welcome to Fantasy NBA Today, sportsethos.com presentation. I am your host, Dan Vesperis at Dan Vesperis on social media. Please, please, please make sure to drop a follow over on social. That has been one of our, greatest weapons in the growth of sports ethos, so I'd love to see you guys over there. And I got plenty other things to tell you about, but I'll do that mid show because right now, I know you guys wanna hear what's going on with this trade. Let's start with the, easier side. The easier side of this trade is the Rozier side because, Scary Terry, as many folks know him for reasons I don't know beyond that, Scary and Terry rhyme, is likely to do less in Miami than he was doing in Charlotte. He's been playing for a team that's not playing for anything. He's been very efficient this year, a real nice spike back to honestly, these are heights that he had never reached before, thanks to an incredible 2 point shooting percent this year. But more than anything, you know, he's taken 18, 19 shots a game, which is where he's been the last 2 years. Last season, you saw his efficiency fall through the bottom of the barrel. It seemed like it was because Charlotte was basically missing all of their other offensive weapons. There was no, let me be careful how I'd phrase it. There was no Miles Bridges. There was no LaMelo Ball last year, so he's basically on his own. This year, there have been stretches with no LaMelo. Yes. He missed whatever it was 6, 7 weeks. But by and large, Terry's actually had other people near him on the court, someone else on the floor that can actually draw a little bit of attention. And then some of it is just luck. Guys have good shooting years. Guys have bad shooting years. These things level out a little bit. What's important to remember is what's switching places here. The Heat didn't give up any of their high usage guys. Jimmy Butler, Tyler Herro, Bam Adebayo are all still there, So there's just simply no chance that Rozier rolls into Miami and gets 18 plus shots per game because, basically, nobody in Miami gets 18 shots per game. I think Tyler Hero is the leader in field goal attempts on that team right now. Herro is at 19 18.9. Then you got Adebayo at 15.7. Jimmy Butler at only 13a half. There aren't 18 plus shots available to Rozier. He'll take other people's stuff. Like, Josh Richardson may just not play anymore. He was taking 8 shots. Fine. Maybe give all 8 of those to Rozier. Or does he get a few from Jacquez, or does he take one from Butler and one from Adebayo and one from Hero? And, like, they'll they'll find a way to get him into the teens, but it's not gonna be the high teens anymore. Where does that mean he ends up? Well, I I wouldn't it's not panic time for Rozier. You know, he's having this outstanding outstanding season to this point. He's at 23 points, 4 boards, 6 and a half assists, 1.5 defensive stats, almost 3 3 pointers a game on 4685 splits. That's been amazing, and we always kinda knew it was gonna come down. We just didn't really know how it was gonna come down. He's number 37 at 9 cat right now. So let's just do some math. At the moment, he's at 23.2 points on 18.3 shots per game and 4.3 free throws. If you just by the way, he's also playing 35 and a half minutes per ball game, which may or may not hold. You know, Miami's main guys are all under that mark. Adebayo at 35 is the highest for the heat, so assume Rozier's minute total is also gonna come down a little bit. I'd expect his shots fall from 18 probably to more like 13, 14 range. Anything over that, you consider yourself a little bit fortunate, and that's a big drop off. You're effectively shaving 25% off of what he's done. So just take that and apply it to the ball in hand categories, meaning scoring, threes, assists, and the percentages. And then you have, I think, a pretty good idea of a rough it's fuzzy math to be sure because, you know, you wanna get into the deep, deep weeds on this. You're gonna almost definitely get something wrong. If you're gonna fuzzy math this, you take about 5 to 6 points away. So put him more in the 17 range scoring. Threes come from 3 down to, like, maybe 2.22.3. It's possible those actually stay higher if his field goals come farther away. Assists are gonna drop. 6a half is definitely coming down because he was the primary for a long stretch this year with Nola Melo Ball, and now he's the 4th option and still, I would argue, probably the 3rd point guardy kind of option on the heat. So take those 6 and a half assists and probably drop them by about 1a half, call it, maybe more, even 4a half, 5 is probably any reasonable target. The field goal percent becomes a slightly smaller negative. The free throw percent becomes a slightly smaller positive. You're now looking at someone that is still putting up okay numbers. Call it, you know, 17 points. Call it 2.43 pointers, still 4 rebounds. Fine. You can leave those. I don't care. Adjust them a little bit if you want. 4 and a half to 5 assists. That's this is still someone who's in a pretty good number, but now you've basically just described D'Angelo Russell, who's at 16 and a half points, 6 assists, 48, 78 splits. So slightly lower for Rosier on 1, slightly higher on the other. But you basically described D'Angelo Russell, who's number 80 on the year. Is that satisfying to you if Rozier is number 80 going forward? If your answer is no, I would counter with the following argument. Isn't it nice that you don't have to worry about him being shut down now? I thought I personally, I think this is a reasonable trade off. If you have Rozier on your fantasy team, you should be happy about this because the months of March April are now safe. Even if a full shutdown didn't come until the final, call it, 2 weeks of the year, there were gonna be rest days. There was gonna be dialbacks, just not playing full minutes. So this is better. This is a 100% better than him staying put. Is the best possible landing spot of all the teams that were looking for someone who can score? I mean, I'm sure we could have found some place where you'd be like, oh, well, here's where you could actually still get 15 or 16 shots. But here's the thing. Miami is competing. They're the 6th seed. That's a really, really critical spot to want wins because you don't wanna fall into the play in tournament. So he's gonna be going. He's gonna play as many games as humanly possible between now and the end of the year. You don't have to worry about any, nebulous where will he, won't he around the trade deadline. It's just you're safe now. Take the hit and be okay with the safety of it, and don't complain. If you are anyone looking at Terry Rozier, this is possibly a chance to and I don't think you can call it a buy low on him because I think somebody, if you have Rosier, you're probably more excited about the fact that he's not a shutdown anymore. But if he comes to Miami and he'll probably have a few really big ball games right at the beginning because they're going to be force feeding him to make him feel comfortable. But there's going to be a little bit of a dip when it settles in and he sort of the whole situation realized he's not gonna do as much as he did in Charlotte, that there might be a window there to get in, but I don't, you're threading the needle a little, and I don't think the effort is really worth it. One of the questions from the chat room is, does Rozier get a huge assists bump? No. Not over 6a half. There's just no planet where he is exclusively point guard ball distribution. And, like, we've seen how unbelievably difficult it is to post an assist count higher than 6.6. There's basically a dozen guys in the whole NBA that are doing it right now, and it's basically guys where the whole offense runs through them. The guys ahead of Rozier in assists right now are now forget the dudes at the very tip tippy top of the board, like Halliburton, Trae Young, Doncic, and and, Jokic who where everything goes through them. We're talking LaMelo, his teammate, Harden, Sabonis, LeBron, Book, Cunningham, Chris Paul before he got hurt, Dame. Unfortunately, Rozier is not those guys. He's not going to be like, you almost every one of those guys is either strict point guard, like Chris Paul in that list, Freddy VanVleet also in that list who I've skipped over for some reason, or, frankly, Harden this year, who's almost strictly point guard, or the hub on offense. So Booker, LeBron, who's also the point guard, Cade, Sabonis. Rozier was that while LaMelo was out in Charlotte, but he is not that in Miami. It's gonna be Rosier is gonna be a part of a 3 four headed monster that's initiating offense. It's gonna be ball movement based. I think his assists actually come down from 6.6. If they stay that high, you call it a massive, massive win, but I don't think that they will. On the other side, you've got Kyle Lowry headed to Charlotte, and they've already talked about how they're gonna try to shuttle him along to a new place. And if they don't, he'll probably be a victim of the buyout market, which is smaller, by the way, now. The new collective bargaining agreement says that the high apron, which is stuff that I don't completely understand, but teams that are over a particular salary threshold cannot get guys on the buyout market. So it's a smaller one. But that also means so this, like, created 2 different things. It, these teams that are spending a ton of money, they can't just sit back and and wait for guys to fall in their lap the way that they could in the past. But it also means that they're not well, it also means that if they actually want somebody, then they have to go trade for them. So you might see one of these really high spending teams offer up a second round pick to get someone like a Kyle Lowry before he hits a buyout market that's much narrower. There are only, like, 5 or 6 teams that consider themselves championship contenders that aren't over that salary threshold, but I don't care. Wherever Kyle Lowry goes, he's not going to be putting up fantasy value. So you can just ignore that basically altogether. I don't think he's gonna be playing much in Charlotte, and I don't think he's gonna be playing a ton wherever he ends up. The questions I'm getting a ton of in the chat room on Twitter is about Nick Smith, who, was a late first round pick for the Hornets this year and has done a couple of things so far this season, but not very much. There was, like, 1 or 2 games in there. I think a couple of weeks ago, I made a joke at, and somebody on Twitter was like, why are you being such a meanie to Nick Smith? Like, well, because he has the most generic name on planet Earth, and I haven't really seen him play at all. He's played in 26 games so far this year. Most of them, very limited minutes. His minutes have trended up a little bit lately. He had a 19 point game right around Christmas where he hit 5 3 pointers. He had a 15 point game on January 8th where he hit 3 3 pointers. But I would point out a few things, about Nick Smith. The main thing is that Nick Smith has played 391 basketball minutes this year and has 3 steals. That's not many. That's an obscenely low number, actually, and I've gotta think that that probably comes up a little bit as he figures out the NBA game. But if you're getting all hot and bothered about a Nick Smith ad in a 9 cat format, I think maybe you might wanna pump your brakes a little bit. Not just because his minutes are not going to be guaranteed here, and I think by the end of the trade deadline, he probably does end up playing a decent amount because Woj also tweeted, and I don't have this one on speed dial here for the, for those watching on video, that the Hornets have basically said, we're not done. We're gonna be trying to amass stats. We're gonna or, picks, I should say, not amass stats. That's what we want our fantasy guys to do. They're gonna be trying to match picks, so they'll be trading the likes of Gordon Hayward presumably or waiving him. They're trying to move Miles Bridges because he's about to take some money. They don't have that many other contract slash old guys that they could do anything with. But anybody that that's sort of not attached, they'll they'll be trying to move, meaning everybody but LaMelo Ball and Brandon Miller and probably Mark Williams is available in some capacity. But here's the problem with all of that. We've kinda seen the Hornets with everybody out, and we've seen a couple of Nick Smith, you know, 25 to 32 minute ball games, and they were only okay, which doesn't necessarily preclude him from having an interesting stretch run-in silly season mode. But it does mean that if we're all going, oh my god. Nick Smith. It's Nick Smith. It's Nick Smith. I want us to to look closer. Most of the time, guys playing low minutes go really, really hard in their low minutes. And so far this year, Smith, in 15 minutes of ballgame, is averaging 6 and a half points, 1.7 rebounds, and assist, and point 4 defensive stats. And that's largely because he had, like, 1 or 2 games mixed in there where he blocked 2 or 3 shots, I think. He had, like, a 2 block game mixed in and a couple of ones all clustered together right at around the turn of the year. Otherwise and, like, listen. I know the minutes are not all that high, but Nick Smith has not had a defensive stat since January 8th. That's 7 games where he's played something like a 105 minutes, 0 defensive stats. You guys know how hard it is to have 9 category value with almost nothing on the defensive side? It is so hard. It is so obscenely difficult to basically just complete throw away, and we're not talking about low. We're talking about, like, none. This is like Chris Dunn scoring 4 points a game. This is like somebody averaging, like, one rebound a game. It's crazy difficult to have fantasy value if you are that close to a 0 in 2 categories, and we'll add on top of that the fact that it's not like he's gonna be a field goal percent wizard, a rookie that isn't getting to the rim all the time. Field goal percent is gonna be low. He's chucking threes, and he has a good 3 point percentage so far this year. He's shooting 46% from downtown even if we very liberally assume that that could continue. Field goal percent is gonna be low, and assists are probably gonna be low if LaMelo Ball is upright. Would presumably, they would come up a little bit as guys get put on the shelf, put in shrink-wrap for the rest of the year. And I don't mean to be captain buzzkill or anything, but, like, again, if you if you guys just do this exercise with me, like, how far down the board do you have to go to find the first 9 category player who's averaging under 1 combined defensive stats per ball game? How far do you have to go? I did not prepare this before the show, so we're just doing it. Kat and Jalen Brunson are, like, the first two you come across that are at 1.2, but still over 1. Are we guaranteed that Nick Smith won't hit 1? I mean, you know, 30 minutes of ballgame, he could probably get to 1. But, again, we're now talking about a guy who's probably gonna score in the teens, very get a couple of rebounds and a few assists and very low defensive stats and very low field goal percent. We don't even really know about free throws because, what, is he taking, like, 3, 4 the entire season or something like that? If you're relying on a young guy with, obtuse percentages and few defensive stats, you're basically going all the way down the board to, like, a poor man's version of Austin like, Austin Reeves if he didn't have good percentages. I don't know that Nick Smith can get inside the top 100 as his game is currently constructed. Now if you're again, we can do this points league argument, or we can do this 9 cat this category league argument and say, okay. If I'm punting this, this, and this, then, okay, it fine it works. But, again, it's really needle threading. I added him in a points league for whatever that's worth. You guys wanna know what I'm doing? I did not add Nick Smith in any 9 category formats because I don't think that his game is gonna translate quickly. And like with most rookies, you're giving them 3, 4 months to figure it out. He's only played again a few 100 minutes. That's nothing. And now the chat room is asking, Dan, what about Brandon Miller? He's also a rookie. Are you as down on him? The answer there is no for a couple of reasons. Reason number 1 is that he's already played, what, 3 2 to 3 times as many minutes as Nick Smith in their careers to this point. The learning curve has been shortened for Miller. He's already had a number of games where he's learning the NBA speed. Also of note, we know Brandon Miller is a decent free throw shooter. He's at 82% on the year. We know he can knock down some threes. We know his field goal percent is not gonna be very good. We know that in starters minutes, he's at 1.2 combined defensive stats, which isn't great, but it's not gonna break you. We also know that in starters minutes, he's gonna get you 4 rebounds, maybe a few more than that depending on how time and playing time shakes out here. We know he's gonna get you 2 plus assists. There's already a knowledge built in. Could Nick Smith get to what Brandon Miller is doing? I find it hard to believe that he can do the rebounding that Miller's at, which I know is only 4 in 30 minutes of ballgame. But as guys continue to get out of the way, Miller's gonna continue to feel more comfortable doing more. We know that he's a decent free throw shooter. Presumably, for Miller, you could see the field goal percent start to tick up little by little because of that learning curve thing. Now he's largely rostered, so this is a discussion that you probably don't really need. But listen, I gotta do all of these shows like somebody's watching for the very first time. So let's wrap this thing up. We've done 20 minutes on the trade. Terry Rozier, gonna take a hit, but you don't have to worry about the shutdown anymore, so take a deep breath. Kyle Lowry, probably not gonna play in Charlotte. If he does, it'll be very little. Wherever he ends up, it'll probably also be relatively little. Don't worry about him. Brandon Miller is the guy you wanna make sure is on a roster somewhere. He's already, like, 55, 60, I think, ish percent rostered, so he's not gonna be available in that many of your leagues. But you never know. He's available in one out of my, I think, like, 11 leagues. So, again, there's a possibility. And then Nick Smith junior, who I think people are, like, are probably getting too excited for because they really wanna be able to do something related to this trade, is going to get an uptick, but I don't think it's gonna get him inside the top 125 in 9 cat. I think it gives him an outside shot at points league value. Brandon Miller is gonna have a lot of points league value, by the way, and that's where I think I stand on this trade. Before we get into the, the box score stuff from yesterday, because that's that still needs to happen, I wanna finally take a moment to welcome everybody to the podcast. This is Fantasy NBA Today. This is Terry Rozier breaking news edition, but we're also gonna review yesterday's scores, which did actually involve a Charlotte win of all things. And I also wanna take a second to, have everybody, because there's a lot of you watching right now, please look in the show description. There is a link to our trade deadline live show that's coming up on February 8th. We're gonna start at 7:30 in the morning Pacific time, which I know is, like, ridiculously early. We already got these 2 trades to talk about, and you know they're gonna be more over the next 16 days. So we're giving ourselves 5 hours of trade deadline show. I know it's idiotic, but we're gonna keep doing it. What I need you guys to do is to go to that link and just click the thumbs up. We're at 376 thumbs ups right now with over 2 weeks to go before the show starts. My goal was 500. I feel pretty good about us getting there, but I need all of you guys to help out on that front. So please do not only like the show you're watching right now, but go like that trade deadline show. Take a moment please to follow me on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. Subscribe to the Sports Ethos YouTube page. I finally, over the last 12 months, 13 months really, have poured some resources into this, and I thank you guys all. It's been the growth of our YouTube page has been, very, very fast over those 13 months, but I wanna keep it going. So like, rate, subscribe. If you're listening on traditional pod channels, please subscribe there as well, and check out our buddies atmanscaped.com. Promo code is ethos 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order. Get anything over there atmanscaped.com for 20% off and free shipping. It's awesome, man. They make incredible products. I use them. You see the hair grow and then disappear on my face every day on this show, and that, like, I'm never gonna buy a an electric razor of anything of any kind ever again because MANSCAPED is taking care of it forever. Ethos 20, 20. Ethos 20 is the promo code over there. So check them out. Post haste. Appreciate you folks in the chat room here talking about how you guys love the way that I, operate on social media. I appreciate you, you guys over there. Hopefully, that'll get other people to come follow. And then Manila most wanted said come to Discord and talk as well. Yeah. It's true. Everybody's kinda hanging out over there. That link is also in the show description. Lot of really fun ways to hang out with the very, very, very sharp folks that follow Sports Ethos on, Twitter and on YouTube. We have one new viewer today asking what's with the outdated draft list in the back. I'm so glad that that comes up once every couple of months on the show. This was the draft board from 2020. So this was the COVID draft. Those of you that have followed me back then, and then now it's a long time ago, we did a no. Normally, leading into the season, I do an industry roto mock draft, but that year like, first of all, there was the off season was, like, 6 weeks long, which was crazy because the Lakers won the championship in what, like, the end of October, and then everybody was back at training camp in the beginning of December. Anyway, I put together that industry mock, and I reached out to the guys at FJ Fantasy. I think they may have contacted us at one point to say, hey. Do you guys wanna help us run this thing? And sure enough, they said yes. So the logo for their company is just off screen here. That's not on purpose. That's just the way that the camera worked out today. So we put this thing together, and they did the board on Zoom while the rest of the all the analysts were making their picks on Zoom. And at the end of it, I was like, where are you guys? And they're like, we're in Cleveland. I was like, how much it gonna cost to ship me that board? Because on the other side of this board, those of you guys that have watched this show a lot, you already know what I'm gonna say, is my bedroom. Because I'm in a 2 bed, 2 bath apartment in West Los Angeles with 2 kids who share the other bedroom down the hall that used to be my office, meaning my office now is jammed into about let's see. My arm stretches there. That's the wall. And then right here is where just like the rest of the room begins. So whatever my wingspan is, plus about 7 inches, is the width of my office, and the depth of my office is this, which I'm touching to right behind the camera. I ain't got room. But, anyway, that's the board. It's hilarious. You can see where certain like, LaMarcus Aldridge is right back there. There's LaMarcus. John Collins was a 2nd rounder that year. Let's see if I can getting that point right. It's hard for me to do it backwards. So thank you. That's I always have fun talking about this silly draft board that I plan on keeping up forever because, every year we get farther away from it, it gets funnier. Or at least I think so. I don't know. Maybe you guys disagree. Anyhoo, let's talk about yesterday, shall we? There's the Charlotte game. Let's start with the Charlotte game actually since that's a nice segue into, doing the breakdown. You can see Brandon Miller had a big ball game, mostly because of very good shooting. We're gonna need him to do more in the rebounding and assist departments, but I have some confidence that he will, especially as someone like Miles Bridges maybe gets out of the way. Do they I don't know what they do with PJ Washington. I think they just brought him back, but, presumably, if they can get something for him, they would do it. So, again, like, you're clearing the deck here. What if PJ Washington is gone? What if Nick Richards gets moved and Mark Williams doesn't come back? Do you pick up someone like a Nathan Mensa or JT Thor? Not yet. Not yet. Do you pick up an Ish Smith? No. In the short term, LaMelo Ball, Miles Bridges, PJ Washington, Brandon Miller are all very reasonable plays right now, and I don't know that you I mean, even if Nick Smith does start getting the start now with Terry Rose, you're gone. I don't know that immediately he makes a ton of sense anyway, as we just talked about a moment ago, but also in this ballgame. And it's so funny that, like, the headline today is, not the fact that we had 2 centers score 60 or 70 points yesterday. But Cat had 62, and then, basically, the whole team got called out by their coach for playing selfish and unmotivated basketball. And this was like, okay, guys. What do you think happens to the wolves if they give Mike Conley a day of rest? Tada. Unfocused and unserious basketball. Mike Conley to me, like, there's no chance that he would ever get an MVP vote because his numbers aren't big enough, but he is undoubtedly the most important player on the Timberwolves. Not the best, not the most exciting, not the most, like, basketball important, but the most overall team importance is Mike Conley. Every time that the Wolves have had, like, a a ridiculous joke of an effort game, Mike Conley is the one that wakes him up and fixes it. And he wasn't there for this one, and it burned him. So there you go. We we just had some weird breaking news that we'll, get into in a moment here related to Tristan Thompson, but not gonna have any bearing on anything. Otherwise, for the wolves, you don't have to worry about a whole lot here. You know, Mike Conley was out. Nikhil Alexander Walker got the start and got really hot from 3, but overall, you're not actually doing anything with that. And now we can retreat to the top of the board, and we'll start with game number 1. And we'll move through this stuff a little bit quick because, honestly, yesterday, there was, like, one, in my eyes, really important fantasy story and then a lot of really big lines from people that are a 100% roster. Maybe 2 fantasy stories. Anyway, Milwaukee beat Detroit 122113. It took them longer to put the Pistons away than it should have, but they ultimately got them, and that's fine. As far as Detroit goes, Asar Thompson is a guy you're keeping an eye on. He had a very bad ballgame here, so I don't you need to be out in front of it. Some folks are calling him a trade deadline stash. Yesterday, I called him or on the show, I mentioned him as a possible trade deadline stash, and then when I broke it down, if you listen to the whole discussion on it, I think he probably profiles more as a silly season type of ad, but you never know. The problem is that Detroit just doesn't have that many veterans that they can get out of the way. Alec Burks, Bojan Bogdanovic, end of the list, at least among guys are actually playing any kind of minutes for this team. And even if those guys are gone, that doesn't immediately guarantee that Thompson's gonna play full starters minutes. I think there will be a time later this year that Thompson does get starters run, but it might be March instead of February. Isaiah Stewart had a big game off the bench, but I don't care because we know enough about his fantasy game to know that these steals and blocks are not sustainable. These might be the only ones he gets for a month, frankly. And, yeah, I'm just not I'm not buying it. Sorry. I'm not buying it. Cade Cunningham, by the way, is supposed to be back in the next couple of ball games, and then Jaden Ivy and Alec Burks are each gonna take a hit. Ivy's been sort of borderline in 9 cat anyway, playable in points leagues, which probably does continue after Cade comes back. Almost no chance that he can maintain top 120 or better 9 cat value at that point, but, you'll see. Cleveland beat Orlando. Cavs with another blowout win. They are absolutely smashing teams right now. Eight wins in a row for the Cavs, and I get it. Not all of them have been hyper impressive. I thought this one was actually kind of an impressive win, and they didn't need to play the Q4 again, basically. So Donovan Mitchell just keep putting up these colossal lines in 30 minutes a game instead of 35. He's number 6, in 9 cats still largely because he's he remains at 2 steals per ball game, which I think is second or third second because Marcus Smart was second and he ain't playing for a while. Spidey's behind Shae Gilgeous Alexander and not by much anymore in steals. Sam, another 8 3 pointer game, and I just I for better or worse, I cannot get on board with this stream. I know that I'm probably being shortsighted here or longsighted by saying I just can't do it, but you gotta know that this type of production can't keep up for longer than a game or 2. And, I mean, I get it. He's a very good shooter. You know, he's at 2 and a half, 3 pointers a game this year in 16 minutes a night. So, like, when he gets actual minutes, he's hitting 4 to 6, 3 pointers in that stretch, but there's just there's so little else. And in non blowouts, he's not gonna play 30 minutes. He's gonna play 20. And maybe you get your 2, 3 pointers there, but there's probably not gonna be a whole lot beyond that. It'd be sweet if he went someplace he could play 30 minutes, but that ain't gonna happen. And the Cavs love that they have shooting. So, you know, 3 point stream if you really need it. Dean Wade is kind of a similar story. Max Drus showing some signs here. 2 games in a row of 50% or better. Now we just need a whole ballgame because he's a guy that needs the 34 minutes to actually get to his value, and, that's basically about where you leave it. No Caris LeVert. He'll be back relatively soon. Orlando has fallen on hard times. Magic are now the 8th seed in the east. Remember when they were, like, the 2nd or 3rd best record? Reality has set in there. 23 and 21, which, again, not bad, but they've been on kind of a bad run here. Wendell Carter Junior has regained control of the starting spot, and so now we can get back into that same old discussion with him of can he get inside the top 100? I think the answer is no, but he could potentially get kinda, like, back where he was last year, which if memory serves, he was at 103 in a pretty good year. So that's probably your best case scenario unless a lot of things break the right way. So what does that mean? 9 Caddy probably should be roster just to see how it goes. Points League z almost definitely should be rostered. You can obviously move on from Goga Bitazze and Mo Wagner. That, whatever that was is done. And then Jalen Suggs is another one where every time he has a decent game, I'm like, alright. I guess I can give him, like, another 2 games to see how this goes. I I think I may be out of games on Suggs. He was very, very good at beginning of the year. The steals have tapered off considerably. I know he had 2 in this ballgame, but it it just seems like he's out of gas. And I don't know if there's another way to explain it, but the defense is not the same as it was earlier this year. Maybe it's injuries piling up. Whatever it is, he's not the same, and he's way outside the top 100 for multiple weeks. I think we can probably move on, and and I don't think someone else is gonna be like, someone will probably pick him up, and then they'll probably move on too. Maybe he bust out of it after the all star break. Maybe he just needs some time off. But, I mean, Markelle Fultz is healthy. I mean, he didn't play in this ballgame, but he's healthy. So he's taking minutes, and Cole Anthony's taking minutes. And it's just it's kind of too many guys right now in Orlando. Joel Embiid put up 70 on the Spurs, and it's not even the story of the night. Crazy that Terry Rozier getting traded took precedent, but from a fantasy standpoint, that is more relevant. Still an absolute monster a game from Joel Embiid. I put on Twitter somebody proposed this trade to me. I'm in a a handful of Yahoo public prize leagues, and someone actually offered me Embiid in one of them before this game happened. I obviously accepted the trade because it kind of doesn't matter what you're sending back. If you're not sending a 1st rounder back, you pretty much take Joel who, with this colossal ballgame actually moved in front of Shay Gilgeous Alexander. Embiid is now the number one player in fantasy sports this year, and then there's a big drop off between Shay and Jokic. But, like, how ridiculous, man. This dude is ridiculous. He was great in every respect, and he did it on one turnover. Wild stuff. We've learned, again, that Kelly Oubre is not usable here when Embiid and Maxi are healthy, and, hopefully, we get the Anthony Melton back in the not too distant future. Over on the Spurs side, really cool game for Victor Wampanyama up to 28 minutes. That's a good sign. Trey Jones got hurt, but the word out of the locker room was that he wasn't bad. So, hopefully, only small amount of time missed. I guess we'll see. Spurs have sort of no reason to push anybody through stuff. But you're holding Trey Jones at least until we learn what's going on because he's been very, very good since moved into the starting lineup. Jeremy Sohan was decent in this ballgame. Not great, but decent. He's been on a pretty hot run lately, and I think a lot of that has to do with having an actual point guard orchestrating that first unit. First unit has been a lot better with Trey Jones, to no one's surprise. I'm trying to do a better job of being okay with streaming hot players, and Sohon is hot right now. So go ahead and stream him while he's hot. Just realize that it may run out relatively soon. We do have some news, by the way. There's other injury news that we'll get to, and we'll do that after getting through this, this recap here that I'm trying to get through kinda quick. Memphis is always interesting, and Santi Aldama was gonna be the story actually, fantasy wise. He was as the games were happening last night before I saw Embiid score 71 points, the thing I was gonna talk about in the the the thumbnail art for this game was gonna be Santi Aldama who started for Memphis. I think some of that had to do with playing against the Toronto team that doesn't have a traditional center. You'll probably see Xavier Tillman play center so they can preserve Jaren Jackson at least in hill until he gets shut down. But now we know, at least if the Aldama is healthy, that Memphis is willing to go small in the starting 5 against smaller teams. And in my eyes, that's actually a really big piece of news, and I was gonna say, hey. We gotta all go pick up Santi Aldama because if he's gonna start some games, you know he's gonna get, like, 20 some odd minutes off the bench. Even when he's a reserve, he's probably gonna play 23, 24 minutes. If he doesn't get hurt in this ballgame as a starter, he's probably going 28 to 32 range, and you know he has fantasy value in 30. We saw that last year. We've seen it for sort of fits and starts this year. When Adama gets 30 minutes, it's a really well rounded line. It's points, boards, some assists, some steals, some blocks, so he'll hit a 3. I like him a lot as somebody to I don't know if you wanna say he's a full blown ad right now, but he's awfully close. Now the injury is a bummer. He was just dealing with some knee soreness. I don't like when it's sort of a nebulous, we don't know what the injury is scenario. But I like his fantasy game when he's getting minutes. And so, you know, I think if you can do it, you should try to stash Aldama. But if we get a bad report, then, obviously, you can flip on that. And if you're sort of strapped for roster slots, then that's the reason why you wouldn't. But I love the fact that he got a start, and, I mean, you can game it out a little bit. You can try to figure out who Memphis is playing. Are they gonna be playing traditional big men? Like, they got the Heat next. Would Aldama have started? Would they let him or jjj deal with Bam? No. They probably go big there. Then the Magic, they could go small there. The Pacers, they could go small there. Kings, you need a big against Sabonis. Cavs, probably need a big. Warriors, you could go small. Celtics, you need a big. Knicks, you could probably go small right now, although who knows if Hartenstein. Anyway, so you're just sort of gaming it out. Like, how many of these games do you think Aldama could start? Half? I would have been good enough if he stayed healthy. So that's the whole, let's get a report. If the report is, you know, might play in the next one, then I'm probably adding him. I like j j j here while he's still going. It's sort of, Jaren Jackson against the universe. He had a nice 7 defensive stat ballgame. He's up to number 41, by the way, in 9 cat, and he's been amazingly healthy so far this year. I think Jaren, is number 32 by totals. So it actually hasn't been the disaster that everybody's claiming it's been, but it might be here in the not too distant future because there's almost no way that he gets through the whole season without a bunch of rest days and then probably a shutdown very late in the year. Still, if you can get a few more games like this, because I don't think they're shutting him down before the all star break, and they're probably not doing it immediately after that, but you might start to see those built in rest even on back to backs. You could probably get someone in the forties or fifties form right now even, and that's I mean, you take the loss, but, again, you sort of it's like the same thing with Rozier. You get out from the risk at the end. But if your league game's early or if you're in Roto or whatever, you can also still play it out. Vince Williams is a start. Luke Kennard is a start. Someone was asking me my thoughts on Gigi Jackson, and I I've said them a few times, but I'll repeat it very quickly. He's gonna be very inconsistent. His minutes are gonna be inconsistent. His scoring is gonna be inconsistent. I was not on board with that one. As far as the Raptors go, they need Purdleback because the whole center situation is Thad Young had a nice one here, but he and Jontay Porter and and no one have been sort of alternating in 3 one every 3 games being okay. Gary Trent, only 24 minutes. That's not gonna get it done. Dennis Schroeder, only 22 minutes. That's also not gonna get it done. We need Bruce Brown out of the way, and it sounds like that's still a very distinct possibility because Scottie Barnes, RJ Barrett, Emanuel Quickley are all gonna get big minutes, and Pirtle will probably play in the mid to high twenties when he comes back, which only leaves enough for a little bit else. And if Schroder, Bruce Brown, and Trent are all fighting for the same 65 minutes, that's one too many peoples. What does that mean in terms of how you use your roster slots? They're probably both Schroeder is the easier call here. Someone you should sit on through the trade deadline because if Bruce Brown gets moved, his value comes back up to that kind of, like, 1 15 range. Gary Trent is the one where we really don't know because I need him to play 30 minutes, and I also need him to get a dozen shots. And neither one of those things is a guarantee. He's a sort of traditional, you know, 15% chance it hits trade deadline stash kinda guy. Boston d, Dallas, no real surprises with the Celtics ever. Kristoff sat this one out on the back to back, so Al Horford got the fill in. Easy peasy. For Dallas, Kyrie Irving, Luka Doncic, and Derek Lively are startable. Lively is losing some minutes to Maxey Kliba, but, generally, we've seen that Lively can be top 100 in about 24, 25 minutes a game, which is what he played in this one. I think your actual fear with Lively is not Kliba, but the mass trading for a big man, which we've heard multiple times. They're on the prowl, baby. They're looking at Daniel Gafford. They might even look at someone in Charlotte if it's you're going a little bit younger there, but, like, a Nick Richards would be interesting. There's only a couple of years into the league. Who the hell else were we just talking about the other day? I already forgot. Forgot the name. Somebody more oh, Clint Capela was the more expensive option. I don't I mean, Pirtle would be a slightly more expensive option if Toronto goes that direction. Be great for all of those guys' fantasy value. Well, not obviously great, but be fine. And then as the wings go here, it sounds like Dante Exum might be back by tomorrow for the Mavs, and nobody's really grabbed that job by the horns. Josh Green was not very good, in his fill in work here. Tim Hardaway junior, I think, prefers coming off the bench. Derek Jones junior is kinda hit or miss. I've said on this podcast many times, and I'll say it again. I don't think any of those these guys, including Exum, is gonna be inside the top 100 rest of season. But if any of them has a shot, it would be Exum. Kevin Durant, game winner, 40 Burgers, 2nd game in a row. Turns out, friends, Kevin Durant, still good at basketball. He's right behind Luka Doncic, by the way, for sliding into the 8th spot in 9 cat. One more big ball game from KD or a slow game from Luca or Kawhi, and Durant might be your number 7 player. So, yeah, still good. As far as fantasy stuff goes, not a lot to take away from this game on either side. In fact, 0 for me to take away on the Phoenix side. Chicago, Zach LaVine out for a couple of weeks here. The guys you're wondering are, is Patrick Williams playable as a starter? Is Iota sumo gonna get enough run off the bench to play? The answer, I think, for both of those guys is schedule play only, which is not the case this week. Chicago actually has a terrible schedule over the next through the all star break, and, like, it doesn't get good again until late March. Nope. That's not right. Early March. Sorry. Get my days right, you jerk. So I'm kind of on the side of no, and LaVine should be back or traded by then. So we'll have some sort of closure on it. And so, otherwise, Kobe White, Vooch, Caruso, DeRozan, those are the 4 you go with. Trae Young in concussion protocol, so Atlanta had to try to win another one without him. They couldn't do it. Sacramento just has too much firepower, and this one, it came from who? Harrison Barnes? Trying to get his self traded or trying to earn himself playing time? Probably trying to get himself traded. We know he's on the block. We know the Kings and everybody around them want to move off of Barnes, and rightfully so. He's been a ghost all year. You're not adding him off of one very big ball game. So no adjustments here on the Kings side other than to note Kevin Herter's little, like, 3 game hot run probably over. You can move on there. De'Aaron Fox, really poor ball game here. He has remember when Fox was, like, number 12? And I said, yep. That that that's not gonna stick. He's number 45 because these things just they always level off. He's having a great year in a lot of respects, but the free throw percentage is still killing you. Field goal percent ended up being a negative as expected. He's still over 3 threes a game, which that's remained somewhat surprising to me. I I think there's a chance that could still dip into the twos, but, you know, you get a point on that one, Fox, even though you ended up rank wise right where I said. And then as far as the Hawks go, they ran a lot of Okongo in this game because Capella was just getting run right off the court. And so the problem, of course, here is that Okongo is not as good defensively as Capella. He is a much better offensive option, better passer out of the short roll, actually can space the floor a little bit. He's not like a dead eye 3 point shooter, but he can step out and and hit a jumper, which Capella very much cannot. But, like, if I want we all want Capella gone from the Hawks. We want him somewhere else so Kang Woo can run free and post massive fantasy lines. The problem is that if the Hawks still have any intention of winning games, they need to have somebody big they can throw out there, and Okongo's not that big. He's big ish. Capella's big, and you need a dude to combat big guys. So they tried nothing was really slowing down Harrison Barnes yesterday, and nobody was really gonna stop DeManus Sabonis, who you know, I mean, to Capella's credit and to the Hawk's credit, Sabonis He had 21 rebounds, but by all accounts, he didn't have that great of an offensive game. What do the Hawks do if they run up against anybody with size and all they have is Okangou? They'll just get steamrolled. Of course, the other side of this is not to pull the plug and rebuild, maybe rebuild around Trae Young again, sort of tear it down, start over. That's probably the smart move because they're 1825. Their half game up on the nets for the 10 spot, and those 2 teams, it seems like, are gonna be the teams fighting for that last play in. And then it's like, okay. Well, anything can happen, but can it, though? When you stink, can anything happen? You can't be in that middle spot. That's the worst. But are the hawks willing to do it? Could you go back and build around Trae Young and Jalen Johnson and Onyeko Kangwoo? And could you trade Bogdan Bogdanovic and Dejounte Murray and Clint Capela? And who would come back in a situation like that? And who would step up? Let's just say this. Deandre Hunter is probably your best bet of a hawk who's currently not inside the top 100 that post deadline has a shot to be inside the top 100. Because if they move to Jeontay Murray, or anybody else or a combination thereof, then you look at a guy like Hunter who runs very hot and cold, and suddenly 11 shots a games becomes 12 and a half. Some small bump like that. But he's been relatively efficient, and maybe 30 minutes becomes 31. So 4 rebounds becomes 4.4 or something like that. These very little things, 1.2 defensive stats goes to 1.3, and 15 points becomes 16 and a half. And these just these little things add up and push him inside the top 100. He is, not particularly heavily rostered for good reason because he hasn't been that great this year. But if anybody in the Hawks that's currently not playable every day has a shot to be playable every day, it's probably Hunter. And I'll quickly hear a couple pieces of news, on the injury front from this morning. Isaiah Hartenstein, his, foot soreness has been upgraded or altered to left Achilles tendinopathy, which you don't wanna hear Achilles. Yeah. You don't want that at all. So they'll be cool there. As far as the Knicks go, like, I mean, you're picking up Jericho Sims for a spot start, I don't think that I would. But you never know. Tibbs loves his, traditional big man lineup, so it's possible that Sims could be teetering on some small amount of value. When did that injury happen? Was that back on Saturday? I think that was back on Saturday, and they went over Toronto. Right? So Sims played 2 and a half minutes in that game. I mean, I say Hartenstein left a little more than halfway through. I mean, they generally went small. Precious Achiwa is the other option there. He had 18 and 11 in that game on Saturday, but we've watched Precious enough in Toronto to know that his fantasy game has these gaping holes in it. Alright. So let's play this little game to wrap up our show today. Here is the Precious Achiua rundown. I want you guys to look at his game log. This is this is the best way to get a feel and look for games where Precious Chua played 24 minutes and what he did, 24 or more. And the answer was, like, 13 and 5, missed some free throws. This is in Toronto. 5 and 9 with a couple of steals. 8 and 8. Like, is that really a game changer? His 18 points this year, I think, was the 4th time he's had double no. That's not true. He's had, like, double. Maybe the 5th or 6th time he's had double digit scoring. But it was the the season high. He had 17 and 10, against Charlotte with Toronto. And you can do the same game for last year because there were more games actually where he was playing big minutes. He had a stretch in in January, February last year in Toronto where he was playing 35, 36 minutes a game, and he was still in that same neighborhood of, like, 17 and 10 with a couple of steals and generally missed a bunch of free throws, and the field goal percent was better last year than previous seasons. He had had a nice uptick, to 40, what is it, 46% after being at 44 the year before that. Field goal percent is somewhat unpredictable is basically what I'm getting at. His free throw percent has bounced between 5970. We have no idea what the reality is there. You're looking at rebounds and steals and maybe some points. I guess the question then becomes, do we think it can actually play 30 minutes, or is it gonna be, like, 23 for Achua and then a couple for Sims and, like, 15 for Julius Randle at center? Because if that's what happens, then Achua is not even close. Points leagues, you could you got a better shot at it because the free throws, the turnovers for Achua are always too high for a guy who actually does what he does on a basketball court. So Points Leagues, I'm okay with you taking a shot on it. I don't think that I would use one of your 4 weekly moves on him. But given the news here that Artenstein, might miss a couple of ball games, then you're like, alright. Well okay. What am I looking at? Where does New York schedule land here? Can I wedge in a few ball games? And the answer is sort of. They play 3 times over the next 5 days, today, Thursday Saturday. Then they've got a 4 game week next week, but I'm assuming the Knicks are hoping they have hard time back by that one. So 9 cat, I'm not making a run at him. 9 cat, if I'm punting, say, free throws, maybe you got an outside shot. And points leagues, I think you can probably say, why the hell not? Okay. That'll be that. That was fun. We did a recap. We did a trade. We did oh, no. Wait. The other piece of news, which is not gonna have any bearing on anything. Tristan Thompson just got suspended 25 games for violating the NBA's antidrug program. I don't I was looking for the press release, and he tested positive for a butamorin and Sarm LGD 4033. I think those are, like, HGH type stuff, But I admit, I don't know. That's the first I've heard of Ibutamoran. Here. Ibutamoran is a potent long acting, orally active, selective, and nonpeptide agonist of the ghrelin receptor and a growth hormone secretagogue mimicking the growth hormone stimulating action of endogenous hormone. Okay. So it is a is a hormone replacement deal. So that's that's sort of HGH adjacent, it would appear. And then SARM LGD, that's what I mean, now we're just making things up. SARM LGD. What the hell is that? Legandrol androgen receptor. So that's also to replace muscles. So that's also sort of a a regrowth thing. This is bodybuilding stuff. This is performance enhancing drugs as opposed to I know we've had some players suspended in the past for performance, dehancing drugs. Doesn't change anything. It's just dumb. You know? We move on, but it is weird news for the day. Chris Dunn, by the way, also downgraded to a questionable due to, illness. You might get one game out of Keontae George from that one or, you know, who knows? Alright. Thanks for watching, everybody. Hope you guys enjoyed or listening. Please, on your way out, find me on Twitter at Dan Bespris, d a n b e s b r I s. Like, rate, subscribe, however you take into this stuff. Again, in the show description, you got our Manscaped stuff, you got our ExpressVPN stuff, you've got our Discord link, and you've got our trade deadline live show. I'm hoping a few of you guys found it and liked it while I was yelling at you about it on air. I think, like, 4 or 5 of you might have. Hey. Maybe more of you will do it in the next, I don't know, couple of minutes. Come on. Come on. Come on. Do it for me. Alright. Yeah. Like, rate, subscribe. See you guys on social. I don't think we're gonna be doing a second show today because I'm gassed after doing that one. But if we do, it would be a buy low. If that's not today, we'll do it tomorrow. Catch you guys in a bit.