Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I cannot believe you guys talked me into this episode. This is not the way I like to operate. I like to celebrate the wins. I like to avoid the losses. You guys know that's the Dan Bessemer's method. We don't take chances on draft night so that we can avoid possible pitfalls. So in a show like this, it feels like I'm clowning on anybody who took a a chance, But that's not what this is. It's not. It's because I did a show about a month ago on the best picks of the year, and a bunch of the folks in the chat room and in the comments were like, now you gotta do the worst. And I was like, I don't really wanna do that. And then they said, yes, you do. And I said, no, I don't. And they said, you come on, man. Do the thing. I said, alright. Fine. So we're doing the worst picks of the year today in this little one off episode. Maybe we'll do another one of these at the end of the season. I wanna keep it light. This should be with levity. This show is not to make fun of anybody who ended up with these these people on their teams. It is not to make anyone feel small for taking a chance and ending up with someone like one of these players on their teams. This is so that we can laugh about it. As it happens as it happens, I don't have that many of these guys in the old man squad. But that's the thing. We get a few of the hits, not all of them, but we get very few of the colossal misses. That's the old man way. You don't take massive chances because you don't wanna lose your season on draft night. So I don't want anybody to think that this is like me clowning on other people. It's not. This is by request. We're gonna have a little fun. It's gonna be silly. We're gonna laugh, I hope, maybe cry a little. Anyway, welcome to Fantasy NBA Today. I'm Dan Vesperis. This is the worst picks of the season. As we approach the trade deadline, I figured this was the reasonable time of year to do it. You guys already know who the number one is, but we're not gonna start at number 1. We're gonna start at number 3 because there are 3 of them today. And number 3 is Scoot Henderson. Yeah. Yeah. There are some good guesses, by the way. If you're watching live or even in the comment section, I would love to hear more opinions on this. In the chat room, someone already mentioned Andrew Wiggins as a possibility. And, yes, he was very much close. He is not number 1. He is not number 2. He is not number 3. Scoot Henderson is number 3. And I wanted to make an example of a poor rookie on this because I thought, look, if I can take anything out of this show and if I can impart some kind of wisdom, it's don't spend a top 100 pick on a rookie ball handler. It doesn't work. Scoot Anderson had an ADP of 96.7, which effectively makes him an 8th rounder. And his per game rank on Yahoo right now is 373, which is a not very subtle way of saying you're better off just taking zeros out of that roster slot. Better off taking zeros. Scoot is averaging 12.2 points, 3 rebounds, 4 and a half assists, point 6 steals, and point 3 blocks with 3 turnovers, 78 a half percent feel, free throw, and 37% from the field. You have to be punting about 8 out of the 9 categories for Scoot to be a net gain. The one you would not be punting would be the 4.6 assists. This does not preclude Scoot from having a good second. Well, it's less than a half now. How far along are we today? 56, 57% through the year. So this doesn't preclude Scoot from having a decent last 40% of the year. I would venture to guess that he'll probably have a pretty good last 15 to 20%. But so far, he's in the top 3 because you spent an 8th round on it. And I get it. You're like, well, come on. 8th round, what does that even really mean? Well, I have bad news for all of you. It means a lot because the other guys with an ADP near that point, which I think let's see. We'll pull this number up here and, make sure we get the the names right that you could have drafted around where Scoot went at, again, 96 and change. Oh, there we go. Now I sorted it right. D'Angelo Russell, Jonas Balanchunas, Jabari Smith junior, Keegan Murray. I mean, you can go way farther down the board and find some very juicy names. Trey Jones, who's picked it up here lately. Again, this is 96. These are guys that go in 8th round or thereabouts. Derrick White was at 87, Austin Reeves, Mark Williams before he went down, Jalen Duran at 93, Tobias Harris at 90. I know. This it can feel a tiny bit overwhelming. Where the hell is Daniel Gafford in all this? Isn't he somewhere in this mix? A 100. Daniel Gafford was at a 100.8. So this was not a throwaway pick. And that's why I don't feel that guilty about putting Scoot on this board because it wasn't so far down the list. It wasn't like pick 125 when you're starting to get into the dregs, and you're like, well, you take a shot. Whatever happens, happens. Scoot was earlier than that. Scoop was right in there with Gafford. Ahead of him. Ahead of him. I got 2 people in the chat room right now saying he went in the 6th round. Ahead of Jalen Williams. Ahead of Anfridi Simons. Thank you to one more poster, and I know I'm interacting a lot on this one because I'm trying to I'm trying to make it fun. This is an interactive one. I we we're gonna have a good time. Kenji points out, yeah. I mean, these are guys that I yell about not drafting, rookie ball handlers. But, again, so, like, this one, I, that's kinda chat room. They're talking about me, he writes. Scoot ruined my life. Oh, that's amazing. So this one, I thought I could impart a lesson along with it. The lesson here is you just don't take a shot on rookie ball handlers inside the top 100. You don't do it. I had Chet Holmgren on my old man squad board, and I explained in excruciating detail why that one is so different. And then Wembanyama is just sort of his own universe of pick. But you don't want someone who is at the mercy of a horrible field goal percent or extremely high turnovers unless there's gonna be something that's so over the moon about them that they can wipe that out. And for most of these guys, it isn't the case. Some people in their minds, they think back they're like, oh, yeah. Trae Young, didn't he have a good rookie year? No. He was dogged through February. He got really good the last month and a half. That's, like, your best case scenario for these guys. Number 2 will surprise a few of you, and it is Josh Giddey. Some good guesses in the chat room. You haven't I mean, you guys all know who number 1 is. But number 2, I think this is the one that's gonna surprise a few people. No one's really noticed how bad Josh Giddey's been this year. But I wanna make sure you all notice it today because Josh had an ADP of 58.9. That's a 5th rounder, and he's currently ranked number 167 in 9 category leagues. On 24 and change minutes per ball game, his minutes have gone down. His production has gone down. He's been largely healthy, so at least I guess there's that, which you can't actually say for Scoot. He missed a bunch of time earlier in the year. So at least Giddey's been healthy. But I wanted to try to avoid putting guys in, this list, this top 3 that were punt type guys. And Scoot's not a punt guy. Like I said, you basically have to punt 8 categories for him to be a winner. And for Giddey, you basically have to punt 7. He is sub league average in scoring, threes, steals, blocks, field goal percent, turnovers by a little, neutral in free throw percent, and a slight positive in rebounding and assists. That's not a guy you're trying to get in the 5th round. That might be a guy that could, like, say, okay. Well, I maybe I can build a little bit around this if I draft him at, like, a 130. But that ain't gonna fly in the 5th round. Notable players who were going around Josh Giddey in the draft this year. Brook Lopez, Franz Wagner, Jalen Williams, Rudy Gobert. You wanna go farther down the board or farther up the board? Either way, you're gonna feel terrible about it. Up the board, Jared Allen, Alperin Shangoon, Nick Claxton, OG Anunoby, who's now getting going. This was I mean, listen. I don't think I have to convince you guys that someone you're drafting inside the top 60 was a throwaway pick. This was like a critical 5th round guy. This is where who else went in the 5th round? Scottie freaking Barnes went in the 5th round, people. Like, you could have had a 1st rounder here. Tyrese Maxey went in the 5th round, people. Admittedly, they were towards the front end of it. Giddey was towards the back end, but you catch my meaning. This was not a throwaway moment. This is a guy that people were hoping would give them top 50 production, and he has been outside of about a week and a half, like, 2 weeks ago, not playable in 9 category leagues. Not really playable in points leagues either. Like, if you drafted him in points leagues, like, well, you know, at least his turnover is percentages to hold him down, but other stuff is gonna be good. No. The other stuff is not very good either. Even if you wipe out those 3, you still only have 2 positives left out of the remaining 6 categories. That's not good enough. Now this was another one, where I thought this was a relatively easy handicap and a totally different reason than the Scoot Henderson one. That one was an easy handicap because rookie ball handler, For Gidi, it was like, look. All these guys are getting better around him. Where exactly is the extra stuff gonna be happening for Gidi? Is he gonna be running the team? No. It's gonna be Shea's team. Jalen Williams is gonna do more. When you chat, Holmgren was gonna come in. He was gonna do a bunch of stuff. They had other dudes that they were just adding to the mix. So I thought, like, best case scenario was getting repeats what he did last year, which was, like, 1 15 ish range. Okay. Fine. Not that's, like, borderline startable, but not a guy you take in the top 60. By the way, more guesses coming in in the chat room. I wanna try to address those as they come through. Walker Kessler, no. Not on the board here, because as annoying as he's been to roster, he's not even remotely close to as far down the board as these guys. Kessler's number 81. He's a 7th rounder who was drafted in the 4th round. Not good, but not a team breaker the way that these names have been. Because Scoot, you you spend an 8th round pick on it, you you hurt your team. Giddey, a 5th rounder that has not been startable. And finally, the number one that we can all laugh about together. Yes. Everybody knows where this is going. Jordan Poole. Jordan Poole Jordan Poole who is making a strong case to be labeled the worst player in the NBA. And it's not because he has less talent than other dudes in the NBA. It's because on a nightly basis, I just can't think of players who make more bad decisions than Jordan Poole. He's played in 45 games so far this year, and I can count on one hand the number of times I thought that Jordan Poole looked like he knew what he was doing today. He's averaging 16 and a half points, 2, 3 pointers. You're like, oh, okay, Dan. Now we're getting somewhere. 2.2 rebounds in starters minutes, 3.4 assists as a guard in starters minutes, a steal. Okay. Point 4 blocks, I don't actually even know where those came from, but you'll take them. 41%, pretty good volume from the field. 87% of the free throw line, that was supposed to be his saving grace, but he's only taking 3 of them a game. Ranked 170 with an easy 80 p of 47.5. A message from the chat room says he can create his own shots. He just can't hit a single one of them. I'm really enjoying the chat room, by the way. This is so good. I can't put them all on the screen, and I can't read them all fast enough, but you guys are awesome. This is exactly what I was hoping for from this show. Let's just all have a good laugh about it. I am eternally grateful that Jordan Poole was a guy I listed as a stayaway guy on this podcast, specifically because there was always this this this fleeting hope that was what if Jordan Poole takes 25 shots a game? What if he takes 25 shots a game and averages 30 points a night because there's just nobody else there? That was the upside. And if that clicked, then you're talking about a guy that justified his 4th round ADP. Because that was like, okay. This guy could be top 25 in a perfect world. But we had just literally just seen it last year that Jordan Poole has gaping, messy holes in his fantasy game. And, yes, I said that in a disgusting way just to make sure you guys were paying attention. Last year with the warriors, he averaged 20 points a game, and he was still just barely inside the top 50. It wasn't like he wasn't getting opportunity with the warriors in an offense that was built to get everybody wide open at the 3 point line, and he was still a train wreck. Bad defensive stats, bad rebounding, bad turnovers, horrible field goal percent. He had so far to go. He needed to get back to his percentages from the previous year on a higher volume. And I thought to myself, nah. Now I'll admit, when draft season opened when draft season opened, Jordan Poole had a pre rank on Yahoo in the sixties. And at that spot, I said, alright. I might think about this, because that was a 6th rounder. And, again, 6th rounder is not a throwaway pick, but I thought, like, perfect universe, top 25, top 30, terrible universe, top 150, I could justify that type of risk in the 6th round. I cannot ever justify that kind of risk in the 4th round. And you guys definitely don't need me to go through the dudes that were getting drafted near Jordan Poole, because you already heard me talk about Tyrese Maxey and Scottie Barnes, and they went behind him. Other guys that were drafted almost in a dead heat, if you're just, like, take somebody boring, poor Cengiz, Jamal Murray, Vooch, DeRozan. Oh, yeah. It hurts. I know. I shouldn't even do this part of the exercise. The nice thing about all of this of today's show is, that I have one on, like, 9 cash teams. I have one of any of these guys, and it's Jordan Poole on an 11 cat league where I thought his volume would be good enough. And even there, he's been a disaster. All I was I was punting field goal percent, and all I wanted was a guy who was gonna take a ton of shots and then miss however many of them. And he didn't even he didn't even he's not even taking shots. You guys really wanted me to have Andrew Wiggins on this list, but he's not gonna be there. Honorable mentions, and I didn't wanna put these on the main board because I thought they'd be, kind of an uncool move. And I so I put them on a a side slide here that I'm calling did you think this was a points league? And these were guys that should have been pretty obvious, but they had I ADPs. Zion Williamson, Paolo Banchero, RJ Barrett, Jordan Clarkson, and Julius Randle. These guys got drafted somewhere across the board even in 9 category leagues. Yes. Even Julius Randle, folks in the chat room. He's ranked, I think outside the top 120. But, again, these are honorable mentions only because their, their numbers are built so heavily on being bad at one specific category. So that's that's the issue there. Like, Julius Randle's number 120, but he's very good in points, boards, assists, bad in defensive stats. He's bad because he's bad in the 3 points league categories. And Paulo Montero is bad in the 3 points league categories. And RJ Barrett, same story. Zion, bad in 2 of them. Clarkson, bad in 2 of them. This is these guys don't count. These guys I can't call them the worst picks of the year because, presumably, if you were drafting them, you were either, a, in a points league, or, b, like, if you're drafting Zion, you were punting free throws. If you were drafting if Randall, you were probably punting free throws. If you're drafting Clarkson, you were probably punting field goal. Like, these were guys not like the ones we just discussed. Scoot, Giddey, Poole, Those guys are not good, basically, no matter what you're punting. These are the weirdo punt guys who still get drafted in 9 cat leagues even when teams are not really punting. And I don't fully understand it, but I wanted to get them on the board. And Andrew Wiggins probably does belong on some kind of honorable mention here. Thing about Wiggins is that, he was drafted pretty late, like, right around right around Scoot, and, technically, he's been a little bit better than Scoot. And Scoot was number 3 on this list, so Wiggins couldn't possibly have been in the top 3 if you guys sort of follow the the circuitous logic of getting there. So if Wiggins was slightly better than Scoot, and Scoot was the last name I got on this board, then he couldn't have done it. So, yes, if there was an honorable mention slide, Wiggins would almost definitely be on it, but I didn't do an honorable mention slide because, I don't know, I felt like I'd picked on enough people already, and that was that. Alright. Thank you, chat rumors. That was really fun. I loved seeing you guys just yelling in all caps about this stuff. I would encourage anybody who finds this show after the fact, post some comments if you guys wanna, like, vent about someone else you drafted, if you take issue with the way I rank these guys, whatever. This was supposed to be silly and fun. I hope it was. I didn't mean to make anybody feel bad. Let's have a lovely rest of our whatever the hell day of the week this is. It's Tuesday, but you can listen to this anytime you want. And I'll be back tomorrow to recap the, the night's card. Have a great day, everybody. I'm at Dan Bespersover on social. Sportsethos.com is the website. This is Fantasy NBA today. I'll see you guys obviously too at the trade deadline live show that I'm gonna be yelling at you about over on social media as well. That's coming up February 8th, 7:30 AM Pacific time. The games are starting right now, actually, live as I speak. This is Tim. Let's do it, baby. Let's have a good night.