Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. You're in Dan wrap up time. You're in Dan wrap up time. It's been a day, man. It's been a day. Here's the big board, and we'll scroll through it here. We'll go through this big board piece by piece. Let me go I wanna I wanna make it 1 page at a time. We'll start with yesterday, and we'll do the Dan wrap. We'll go through these trades over the next 5, 6 minutes 1 by 1, and I'm gonna give you guys my feeling on as many of them as is humanly possible. And then we're gonna send you all off on your way. Before I do, one last time, thank you to everyone for tuning in. Please do take a moment to like, rate, and subscribe on your way out. I haven't figured out or decided how I'm going to be porting this broadcast to the regular podcast channels, but I'll figure something out. I certainly can't post a 5 hour episode. Or can I? I'll probably be posting the last hour or so. That'll be an episode. We might do the first hour as well. I gotta get that up on the pod channels. Again, I don't really know how I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do my damn best to figure it out. But in the meantime, thank you again to everybody that's tuned in, especially our new subs. It's really cool to have you guys around. I think we got, like, a 150 new subs while we were on air with this show in addition to however many of you started subscribing to our YouTube page, just because we had set up this feed a couple weeks ago. So all of that is incredible. YouTube is is still sort of updating on the fly, but at a very quick glance 913, just under 16. I think we're at something like 18 to 20000 views on this show, which would be far and away the biggest thing we've ever done on YouTube. And, honestly, it's just a a nice reminder that all the time and energy we've put into this thing, into YouTube over the last 14 months has been worth it because there's no way we get to a show this large anywhere close to this large if we don't finally put, our butts into YouTube. So, here we go. Quickly, Jazz, this is yesterday. Pistons get Symone Fontecchio for Kevin Knox. Fontecchio is a watch list guy right now in, basically all formats. Celtics got Xavier Tillman for Lamar Stevens. That's a nothing. Wolves acquired Montee Morris for Troy Brown Junior and Shaikh Williams. That is also a nothing. Today, Sixers get Buddy Heeled for Marcus Morris and Frick and Korkmoss. Healed is a roster everywhere game. Spend some fab money on him if you have to. Toronto gets Kelly Olynyk and Oshaya Baji for, Kyra Lewis junior, excuse me for the mispronunciation earlier, and Otto Porter junior. Kelly Olynyk is a guy that I'm adding in most formats because especially now with Spencer Dinwiddie getting waived, it's just more opportunities for the Raptors to go bigger with their, their bodies. I think that they didn't like being small here lately. So you'll see, Gary Trent will get a little bump with Dinwiddie getting waived. Bruce Brown will get a bump with Dinwiddie getting waived, and then the newly added Kelly Olynyk. Anabhaji, frankly, will probably play some minutes there as well. But Olinic is just a fantasy gem. I don't expect him to play 30 minutes a game. It's not gonna be like the Rockets version where he was a second rounder. But I could see a path to Olinic getting inside the top 100, and that's a guy that I'd like to be a part of especially on the side. Thunder, get Gordon Hayward for Trey Mann, Davos Bertans, and Vasiliy Mysic. I don't want anything to do with Gordon Hayward. I think he's old and slow now, and coming off an injury doesn't make him seem any older or younger or less slow. Trey Mahn is a watch list guy for me in, a lot of formats, more so head to head and certainly more so points leagues. I don't trust that his percentages are gonna be good enough to get him there in 9 cat, but you might as well watch him. Pistons Pistons acquired and then immediately waved to Daniel House. Don't worry. I have that note later on. Knicks got Alec Burks and Bojan Bogdanovic. Both guys likely to be dropped. Certainly, once the Knicks are healthy, maybe Bogdanovic holds a little bit of value or Burks here in the very near term, because Grimes is gone and Josh Hart has a sore knee and Jalen Brunson has a tweaked ankle. So, you know, maybe you don't drop them today, but they probably will be. Pistons get Quentin Grimes, Malachi Flynn, Evelyn Evan Fournier, and Ryan Arcidiacono in this trade. Grimes is interesting. He had a run with New York towards the end of last year when, when everybody was out, and he put up some colossal numbers. I don't know that the Pistons are just gonna turn him loose right out of the chute. But considering I think they didn't even get a 1st rounder back in these deals, I think they got seconds that, it feels to me like that's their way of saying we believe in Quentin Grimes, enough to take back a, sorry, I was gonna swear there at the end of the show, a crummy haul for Burks and Bogdanovic because they didn't get as much as I think people felt like they were gonna get unless you consider Quentin Grimes a possible win. We haven't really seen him outside of that stretch at the end of last year, play with confidence and with the ball in his hand and all. Yeah. Cade's gonna be in and out with his injury management, and Jake and Ivey's gonna be sort of in charge of things. But the Pistons, again, they got rid of a lot of guys here lately. And Fontechio's come in as well, and they have some sort of legacy weirdos there. But I would consider Quentin Grimes stashable until we see what his role looks like. I know it's like you're not stashing from before the deadline, but maybe you're kinda stashing to see what it turns out to be. So I would look into Quentin Grimes as, you know, behind healed, behind, but ahead of a lot of these other kind of fringy guys. Daniel Gafford went to the Mavs for Reshaun Holmes. Holmes is a short term stream while Marvin Bagley is out. When Bagley comes back and probably add him now, he probably gets more than 24 minutes. I don't know if he's gonna get more than 30. But if he does, then Bagley turns out to be a really good one. So, probably somebody to look into there. Bagley, I would put him ahead of Grimes, behind Olinic, so then also behind Buddy Heel. So heeled of these of the names that we talked about so far, and then they're the guys that are kind of left behind as well. Bagley is one of them. So Heeled is my favorite of the names we've talked about here so far in this recap part. Then Olinic, then Bagley, and then you get to the Grimes, maybes, and then you get to the guys that are sort of below that. Someone's asking about Cody Martin. Yeah. I mentioned him earlier in the show as kind of a maybe, but the Hornets did add a lot of young dudes that they may want to try to shoehorn in here. And here's this is part of the rest of the ones that actually seem to matter. Raptors acquired Spencer Dinwiddie and waived him. Dinwiddie is obviously a drop. He's gonna end up someplace, but he's still a drop. Nets get Dennis Schroeder and Thad Young. Schroder, he's pretty heavily rostered, but if he's not, you should add him. I think Schroder is gonna be the starting point guard for Brooklyn. I'm unfortunately a little sad because I thought Dennis Smith junior was gonna get freed by a Dinwiddie trade, but they brought in a replacement point guard who's basically gonna take all those same minutes. So, Dennis Smith junior, I think, can stay on your waiver wire unless we see him take a big minutes leap forward. Mavs get PJ Washington who probably ends up getting downgraded a little bit, but he'll have a safe role. So you can probably hold there just to see what happens. I'm not adding Grant Williams or Seth Curry unless something comes out that says the Hornets are planning on, like, using a ton of Grant Williams, which I'm not necessarily believing they do. Sun's got Royce O'Neil and David Roddy. They sent out, Meitu, Goodwin, Watanabe, and Bates Jupp. I'm not dealing with any of these guys in any format. Bucks get Pat Beverley for campaign. Nope. Pistons wave Joe Harris, Killian Hayes, and Daniel House clearing out potentially more room for Fontecchio, and Quentin Grimes, which is part of why I'm thinking I might take a plunge on those dudes. Pacers get Doug McDermott for Marcus Morris who is then subsequently waived by the Spurs. He'll go somewhere and do some random crap on a buyout market. Doug McDermott will play sparingly in Indiana. He'll get some minutes here and there, but he's not a fantasy guy. Kings got some money. And Robin Lopez, they all come together. Lopez showed up with a bag of cash, and then they sent away Lopez and kept the bag of cash. Raptors, as we mentioned, waived Dinwiddie. Celtics acquired Jaden Springer. Trail Blazers acquired D'Lydal Benton, and the Pacers acquired Corey Joseph. And none of those moves mean squat. I have to immediately clean up and go do 4 hours of play by play. My goodness. I don't know how I'm gonna get through everything I wanna get through. I have all these thoughts that I wanna discuss on players that are moving up, players that are moving down. I know you guys want the sort of condensed version of who I like and who I don't like. And I'm hoping that that quick recap kind of did it for you. But if you want me to just sort of say it on the way out, Buddy Heel is a must roster guy. I think Kelly Olynyk is worth a spot on rosters. I think that, who the hell was the third one? There's so many names that it's hard to remember, and I haven't been able to write them all down in the right way. I think Marvin Bagley belongs on rosters. I think Quentin Grimes, I'm sort of leaning more towards taking a shot on him, though the upside is a bit capped. Rashaun Holmes as sort of your, fill in until Bagley comes back. And that might be it. Oh, Gary Trent. We're talking about Gary Trent earlier. I forgot about Gary Trent. Thank you, chat room, as I scroll through to see what you guys are talking about. Gary Trent, Bruce Brown in Toronto are maybes. If, again, if I'm going to line these names up and, I could try to do this on the fly, but I don't know that it's gonna work. You guys are just gonna have to listen to this part. So Buddy Heel, number 1 on that board. Olinic Bagley, kind of in that number 2 range. And then I would put Grimes, Trent, and Bruce Brown altogether in kind of the, the number 3 tier on some of this. Oh, freaking Oser Thompson. Oh my god. I'm sorry, guys. Total brain fart. Thompson is up there with Buddy Heel at the very top of the board. Those are the top tier guys. So Oser Heel at the top. Oh my god. What a what a what a bonehead thing to do. And then you've got the Olenek Bagley zone, and, then you've got the Grimes, Trent, Bruce Brown zone, and then there's kind of everybody else. And we're gonna be watching a lot of these names, and that's why the tweet storms are gonna be really important. So I hope you guys will, certainly come follow me over on social media. We'll be doing those. I don't know about the end of tonight. I might just fall asleep. But we'll get some thoughts out on all of this stuff over on social media. Shout out once again to all of our incredible guests throughout the show as we now officially, officially, officially head into wrap up time. Thank you to Keith Cork for 2 hours of his damn time this morning. Corbin Ford, John Mo Sales, Paul Williamson, Gabriel Sanchez, and Mark Camaro are guests on today's 5 hour trade deadline live show. It has indeed been the single biggest episode in the history of our sports ethos YouTube page, and I don't think anything else is even coming remotely close. By the time you add this to how many downloads it gets on the, traditional podcast side, it'll easily be the biggest show we've ever done here. And, thank you guys. Thank you to everybody that preliked it. Thank you to everybody that's been liking it while we've been going. Thank you to everybody that's popped in and popped out and has just been enjoying the show with us throughout the day. Thank you to those that have subscribed here lately. You guys are incredible. It's been, you know, probably the most fun I've had on a trade deadline show, and that's because of how big it got. And I can't wait to do it again next year, hopefully, with a healthy Erin Bruschi and a healthy David Williams. Let's go make some moves, everybody. You can use a lot of them now, but remember, I will say one more thing on the way out. You don't have to use your moves right now. You can use them tomorrow and Saturday Sunday when you see these players play their first game in a new team. We're gonna be learning a lot over the next couple of days. If there isn't someone you feel like you need to add right this second, save a move for the weekend. There might be something that pops up that we didn't see coming. Have a great, great rest of your Thursday, everybody. I'm gonna stop talking for 5 consecutive hours, and then I'm gonna do 4 more hours of broadcasting on a play by play day because the gods did not like me today, and they decided to put it all on February 8th. Happy Kobe Bryant Day if, somber to a certain degree. But, happy Kobe Bryant Day with the statue unveiling just a very cool February 8th. I'm out. So long, everybody. Thanks again.