Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright, guys. I thought I'd let the music run out both on the recorded and the YouTube side today. Welcome into the show. It's Fantasy NBA Today. I'm your host, Dan Besbris. I am at danbesbris. Dan Besbris on the socials, and the NBA season starts tomorrow. I am quite sorry I didn't have a show over the weekend. I was hoping to, but as those of you with multiple children know, it's quite difficult to get anything done. And then on top of that, I had 4 fantasy drafts over the weekend. I have 2 more today, and, then the season begins tomorrow. So we're jamming in as much as we can. And today, we're talking the best players on the board at large. We've got a per game analysis. We've got a totals analysis. So, technically, we have 24 things to cover. Although, there's quite a bit of overlap, and the explanation on a lot of it is relatively straightforward. In fact, I think once we get through the per game side, you'll see the totals list, and you'll think, okay. Well, now I know who Dan thinks is gonna play a bunch more games than anybody else. And you can kinda run from there. So today, this is really about helping you navigate the first round and then some parts of the second round. Trying to think if it comes into play in any other meaningful fashion. No. That's probably it. And then as far as what's coming up on the show or the the feed, I should say, this will be a one show day today, because, again, I have a draft in 85 minutes from now. I have another one 4 hours from now. Tomorrow, no more drafts. Tomorrow, we'll have 2 shows. In the morning, we'll break down some real results from drafts. You guys can get a feel for how I kind of assess the way the board is ending up. And then also in the afternoon tomorrow before the games actually start, and I know there aren't that many, so we don't have to be, overly concerned with just the tomorrow stuff. There's 2 games. Lakers are in Denver. Phoenix is in Golden State, and then things get hairy on Wednesday. But you do have weekly lineups that need to be set. You wanna look to see if there are some sort of light days. There are, by the way. My thoughts on streaming, I'll kinda talk through on that show as well. So that'll be a really important one to kinda get things rolling, get the season underway the right way. So that'll be tomorrow. For those that are watching live, please feel free to throw thoughts in the chat room. I think we'll have some time at the end today to get to questions if they're, show topic relevant. For those watching live after the fact or listening on traditional podcast channels, please take a moment to like and subscribe to everything we're doing here at Sports Ethos, but specifically here, Fantasy NBA Today, and, anything that I'm throwing out over on the video side. That was a 4 minute intro. I'm not I'm sorry about that. It was longer than I intended, but I wanted you guys to know what was coming up on the show. We have a lot of listeners that are sort of every dayers, and I want them to know what to expect. I think that's useful. Here's the board. Well, here's the empty board. Best players in fantasy basketball will start on the per game side, and I'm gonna put all 12 names on at once for you guys. So we're not gonna walk through this thing quickly. And there they are. For YouTubers, you get to see it. For those that are listening, I will also ruin the surprise for you. My top 12 on the per game side, Joel Embiid, number 1 per game might surprise a lot of you, but I've been sort of hinting at it throughout the, run up to the season. Nikola Jokic, a very, very tight number 2. Shaikh Ilgis Alexander remains in the number 3 slot. Kevin Durant, who I do think takes a small step back this year, but I also think that everybody around him is taking either a small step back, or not a big enough step forward. And so KD stays basically where he was last year. And, again, I'll get into the the explanation on on a lot of this in a minute. Steph Curry, number 5. I think he also kinda hangs out around the same number. Kawhi Leonard makes a big leap forward from his full game, full season last year, but not much of a change off of the second half. Tyrese Halliburton, a little bit of a move forward. He was 8 last year. He goes to 7 in my board this season. Kawhi's ascendance up is the only thing keeping him from getting any farther. Anthony Davis drops down to number 8. I think we saw the free throw stuff really start to become an issue towards the the latter parts of last season. And if you look at the final couple months, which I know he was playing through injury, AD just wasn't that guy at the top of the board anymore. So I think the reality is that it falls somewhere in between, but Anthony Davis was number 14 down the stretch last year despite 2.9 defensive stats. So it was really all about a bad free throw stroke that I think is gonna be an issue. But, again, getting too far ahead of myself. Jayson Tatum at number 9, Jaren Jackson junior at number 10, Kyrie Irving at number 11, and Jimmy Butler at number 12. Not a ton of changes off of last year, but some. And so let's go through these names and figure out why I have some of these adjustments and where they end up because of it. At the top of the board, Joel Embiid, who technically last year was in a statistical or maybe call it a z score dead heat with Nikola Jokic. And it wasn't like it was because one guy was better for builds than the other guy. Both guys were incredibly elite at a handful of different things. Nikola Jokic, elite rebounder, elite passer, elite field goal percent, very good, but not elite in points. And for a 1st rounder, kinda meh in points, frankly. Steals were solid, very solid for a center. Blocks were not so great. Free throws were fine, but not a massive positive and pretty high turnovers, but, again, relatively common for 1st rounders. The reason I move Joel Embiid in front is that James Harden ain't showing up. And as we approach opening night, which is basically, you know, hours and not weeks anymore, there hasn't been a trade yet involving James Harden. So and everybody's, like and this is accurate to say someone's gonna come back in that trade. Yes. Someone is gonna come back in that trade when it happens. They don't have to move him quickly. The sixers as a team can stay afloat without Harden. They have plenty of talent around Embiid. Tyrese Maxey is very good. They have some depth now. Obviously, De'Anthony Melton, Tobias Harris, these guys can all do some stuff. I mean, yeah, you're not it's not James Harden. It's not the star power. But that team is still a an above 500 ball club even without Harden. So and it's not like the front office can't communicate to the team either. Daryl Morey can walk in there when Harden is continuing to not be around and just say, guys, I need you guys to just keep this ship afloat. I promise you I'm gonna do what's best for the team. I'm gonna go get a really good package for this for for the beard, And then we're gonna turn a corner and hit the afterburners at that point, but just don't give up on me, guys. Don't give up on me, Daryl. I'm doing fan fiction here as Daryl Morey. Don't give up on me, team. I'm gonna get you somebody good. In the meantime, I'm gonna need you guys to go full throttle. And for Embiid, that means last year and maybe even more. Embiid last year, a lead in scoring, in rebounding, very good in blocks at 1.7, not in that upper upper upper most echelon, but right behind it. Positive impact guy in field goal, big time positive impact guy in free throw percent. Steele's actually not bad at 1 for a center. 4.2 assist is not terrible, but he's obviously not Nikola Jokic level. When you mush all that stuff together, those 2 guys had almost the exact same positive impact just in 2 decidedly different ways. The reason I have Embiid in front of Jokic on the per game board this year, and I continue to stress the per game board, is that I think Jokic off a championship and everybody can say that he just floats along and does amazing MVP level stuff without even really having to focus or want it, but that's just not true. That's an act. It's a shtick. It's shtick now for Jokic. He obviously wants it. You don't win an NBA title without wanting it. And off a long title run, there's gonna be a little bit of a dial down. Denver's got plenty of weapons. They don't need Jokic to average 25, 12, and 10 every single ball game. And where you might see it is perhaps, do the minutes come down just the tiniest bit? Are there are there additional rest days that doesn't really factor into per game? Is he the best field goal percent impact guy in the entire league again next year? If any one of those small things is not exactly where it was this last season, Embiid, who's gonna be asked to do even more without Harden, passes him on the per game side. And I think there's a pretty decent chance that one of those things happens. Literally, any one thing that I just listed. Does Embiid do a tiny bit more? He passes him. Does Embiid play an extra half minute? He passes him. Does Jokic shoot 61% instead of 63? Embiid passes him. Does Jokic average 11a half or 9a half assists instead of basically 12 and 10? Embiid passes him. So I don't think it's really that controversial to say that Embiid is my number 1 per game guy. But the reason everybody's drafting Nikola Jokic, including myself, is that Embiid could fall apart and play 55 ball games, or with Jokic, you just don't really see that as a possibility. The fall apart for Jokic is probably low to mid sixties. The reality is that both of these guys are gonna be gunning for high sixties in games played, and one of them, Jokic, want to be coy about it, has a better shot to get there than the other one. I have Shai Gilgeous Alexander still in the number 3 spot. I know that there's this this thought that he's gonna take a massive step backwards, and there may be some, like, maybe the free throw volume comes down a little bit. I don't know that anything else changes all that much for him. With Chet Holmgren around, he's not, like, gonna be a big usage dude. And, yeah, other guys on that team are gonna get better around him, and maybe they don't need him to do quite as much. Doesn't matter. He had an edge on Anthony Davis for the number 4 spot. I think AD's going down. He had an edge on Kevin Durant, who was right behind Anthony Davis in that sort of 4 or 5 range. I think KD's taking a small step back. So if you just assume all 3 of these guys are taking some minor step backwards, Why would anybody pass Shea? I don't think they do, and I don't think I need to go into much more detail than that. Number 4, Kevin Durant, who, again, is the same general, assessment of the previous one. Yes. Health stuff is always going to be hanging over Durant and Anthony Davis and Joel Embiid and Kawhi Leonard and Kyrie Irving, health and other. Jimmy Butler, nagging injury stuff. But that's why this is the per game board. Kevin Durant was the number 5 player in Fantasy last year. I don't think that his numbers change that much in Phoenix because he was already kind of doing the share with someone else thing. They come down a little bit because now it's share with a couple someone else's in a way that was not you know, he had Kyrie Irving. Now he's got a an iteration of Kyrie Irving in in Devin Booker and another one in Bradley Beal, but this is still Kevin Durant. He's still maybe the most efficient scorer on planet Earth. And the farther we get removed for him from catastrophic season ending full year missing injury, I actually think I I know he's getting older, but I actually think that there's a chance that his arc, kinda like Klay Thompson a little bit, still had room to come back up a little bit. Now is his overall workload gonna be lower? Probably. I don't think they want him playing 35 and a half, 36 minutes a game. They're gonna need it sometimes, because Phoenix is gonna have all kinds of chemistry stuff at the beginning of the year. And when I say beginning, I mean, like, probably the 1st 2 to 3 months of the year. 29, 6a half, and 5 is what he was at last year. You could see that coming down a little bit and everything. But, again, he had some space on the per game side behind himself separating himself from Steph Curry, who was number 6 per game last year. Durant's turnovers probably come down a tad, I would think, also. So maybe that creates a little bit of a buffer. Yes. Everything that he doesn't do is an is a pain in the butt, because you want a guy who has those efficient marks doing as much as humanly possible. I just don't see anybody behind him and close enough in overall rank to potentially pass him. Number 5, I have Steph Curry, who, again, not a big surprise. His role stays about the same. The guys in front of him come closer to him in Durant, Anthony Davis, Sanjay, Gildas, Alexander. The guys behind Steph from last year, this is a pretty easy way to do the analysis. But, again, you know me in trying to simplify things. Dame was right behind Steph last year. I think he does less. Halliburton was behind Dame. I like Tyrese, and you'll hear we'll talk about him here momentarily. Kyrie Irving was the next one down the board, then Jimmy Butler. Those guys are not about to do more this coming season. So I see absolutely no reason why, basically, anybody other than the next name I'm gonna say has any chance of catching Steph in per game stuff based on the kind of things that Steph still can do. And in a delightful perfect world, maybe you get the steals back up a little bit for Curry who dropped down all the way to 0.9 last season. That's Dame territory. Usually, he's more in that 1.1 land, and maybe we get there, and that'll be fun for everybody. We can all sit back and have a bowl of stew. Next name on the list is Kawhi Leonard. And, like, some people might wonder why the hell this is there, but we've we've gone over this. I've tweeted about it constantly. Kawhi Leonard, last year, wasn't himself the first half of the season. He didn't have lift. He had soreness. Remember he played, you know, a handful of games, then he sat out for, like, another 5, 6 weeks. There was mass panic across the fantasy landscape. I tried to quell your fears as best I could. I still remember, and this drives me absolutely insane, that that there were analysts out there saying sell hard on Kawhi Leonard when we were, like, a month and a half into the season, and things were scary. But the problem was that all you could get back was, like, a top 100 guy. That dude's not moving the needle anyway. Even if you like the top 100 guy, that guy doesn't move the the needle. So you had to ride it out. There was no other way to deal with it. Well, then he came back, and he was top 4 the rest of the way. 2nd half of the season, Kawhi Leonard was number 4. He was ahead of a Shea Gilgeous Alexander. He was behind only Dame, who was in full one man gang operation mode, Jokic and Embiid. It was those guys and then Kawhi. On average, it's a 27, 2a half, 7 bore 2a half threes, I should say. 7 boards, 4 assists, 1.6 steals, 0.7 blocks, and a 53 90 percentage splits. He was insane. Now I don't know that he's gonna come out and put up those numbers. And if Harden gets traded to the Clippers, that's the way that Leonard takes a step back. I didn't put him at number 4. I put him at number 6. He could go higher. I actually think Kawhi Leonard has a really good season this year. But that's why he creeps in in front of Halliburton. He just has, a well roundedness to his game that nobody else in the NBA, nobody, I repeat, nobody in the NBA has. Those last 3 months last year, Kawhi Leonard was a positive impact guy in all 9 categories. He did it on 1.8 turnovers over that stretch. That's bonkers, man. Absolutely nuts. So it's not a slight on Tyrese Haliburton, who you guys know I like a lot a lot a lot to put him at number 7. I just don't see how he can add enough to his stuff from last year to pass some of these guys that I put in front of him. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus not available in all locations. Because nobody that I've put in front of him was really all that close to Halliburton in per game numbers other than maybe Steph. So could Halliburton come roaring in and get in front of Steph and Kawhi and rotate this order around? Absolutely. Yeah. Frankly, 4, 5, 6, and 7 on this board and maybe even 8 are all somewhat interchangeable. But the reason I have them the way I have them is that I I just I think Kawhi is in 9 cat. It's just it is wild. I think Halliburton kinda replicates last year. Could he add a little bit of scoring? Maybe. I don't see how the assists really go up from 10a half, but there's just not that much more to add because I don't think he wants to score that much more. I think he wants to get everybody involved, run and gun, and do it the way he does that is by being very efficient, making really good passes, and Indi gets good looks. Number 8 is Anthony Davis. As much as I do think he takes a step back, it's hard for me to drop him much beyond this spot because he's still Anthony Davis. He's still a guy who gets 3 defensive stats, scores in the mid twenties, rebounds over 10, 11 boards a game. And I know Lakers are like, yeah. AD, you're gonna be playing the 4 a lot this year. Nah. He's opening the season as the starting 5, ladies and gentlemen. LeBron's the starting 4. Taurean Prince is the starting 3. When Jared Vanderbilt comes back, I guess there's a chance that he could slot in there. But so far, it doesn't really look like the Lakers wanna run Wood, Anthony Davis duo in the front court or a Jackson Hayes Anthony Davis duo. Because Wood, not a great defender, while he can kinda space the floor a little bit, they want the defense to open up the game. And Jackson Hayes can't space the floor, so you get a little bit better defense, but you don't get any offense. Meanwhile, if you move Anthony Davis to the 5, you get both. And you can put in a decent wing defender who can also spread the floor in a guy like Prince. It just makes like, the other centers in LA, they'll see time. But all at the end of the day, Anthony Davis is still gonna be logging a crap ton of minutes at center. If he shoots 73% at the free throw line all year, then he's behind this mark. It's not a punt number, but it ain't that far off of it as a 1st round pick. But if he's in the mid seventies, this is where he ends up. And, again, with the amount that he does on defense, it's really it's frankly, it's hard for him to fall much beyond this. I moved Jayson Tatum up to number 9. You could convince me that I was wrong on this one pretty easily. This is mostly because I think his season pretty well replicates what he did last year, which for Tatum was number 11. But, you know, he was, like, 1 or 2 good games away from being number 9. And he was 1 or 2 poorer games from Kyrie Irving or Jimmy Butler away from being number 9. So 6 to 1 half dozen a little bit, but I did move on with the board, because I just I I like his consistency, and so we'll roll with that. Number 10, Jaren Jackson junior, who was number 12 last year. So it's really not that nuts for me to say, hey, how about we give you no Steven Adams for the entire year? Yeah. I don't know if you guys saw that news, over the weekend, but Steven Adams is out for the entire damn season for Memphis. So hi, j j j. You're gonna be logging more center minutes again because ain't no way they wanna play Xavier Tillman there all night every night. We saw that the second half of last season. So the boards will still be there. The blocks will still be there. The field goal percent will still be there. And how about this, JJ? How about you get to play the 1st 3rd of the year without your team's leading score? You wanna take more than 13 shots? This would be the time to do it. He takes a small step forward. That's fairly straightforward handicap, I think, on him to say, oh, he'll do a little bit more. And he only played, by the way, 28 and a half minutes of ballgame, and it wasn't always about foul trouble. Some of it was, but a lot of it was just they wanna keep his minutes in check. They don't want him getting hurt. I mean, if they push him to 29 and a half or 30, which still isn't all that much, you add some rebounds, You add some scoring. You just add a little bit on top of a little bit on top of the bigger chunk of, hey, you get to do more on offense with no jaw around for a while. And he's a guy that should take a step forward. And I get it. As a 1st round pick, he's kind of a difficult guy to build around because he's so very good in one statistical category. But if he elevates himself to being a small positive play in points, a bigger positive play in rebounds than he was, As a 2nd rounder, well, he's an easy call. I've got Kyrie Irving down at 11, and I may regret that decision. He probably, frankly, belongs, back up in front of the last two guys, like Tatum, like JJJ, because Luka Doncic is questionable for the season opener. He'd been dealing with this calf stuff. He's gonna get games off. And Kyrie already knows how to play alongside a very high volume guy. He's done it for years. He did it with Braun. He did it with Durant. I don't know that his numbers suffer all that much alongside Luka Doncic. And, frankly, if you look at the tail end of last year, they didn't. I know Luca was kinda in and out of the lineup over that stretch, but Kyrie was number 5 the last 20 games last year on 27, 5, and 6 with crazy great percentages, steals, blocks, and threes. And we're talking about guys in the league that can get 9 category positives. Kyrie was freaking close. He needed about a rebound more to get there. Ain't gonna get that 6 rebound, so it's just never gonna happen for him. But 1.3 steals and 0.6 blocks out of your guard, well, that's pretty damn good. So Kyrie at 11, again, maybe undershooting a tiny bit. He's probably ends up in the 9 range, but I went light on him here just in case there's any kind of, alright. I got my contract. I, alongside Luke, I'll take it easy. And finally, Jimmy Butler at number 12, which, again, relatively easy call. His team actually got worse. He was number 9 the second half of last year. There's no reason to think he can't duplicate a lot of that. Maybe the 55% shooting comes down, but the assist could also be up. The steals were at 1.6. We've seen him get up near 2 for stretches. He's another guy that because of his free throw volume, his steals, and frankly, the field goal percent. It's actually very hard for Jimmy Butler to fall all that far down the board. So I've got him at 12, and there really weren't as I look at these the names that I I just kinda left off the list, there really weren't guys that I was, like, oh, I there's someone else I really wanted to get in there. Because the closest last year was Kristof Porzingis to being in this the top twelve, and Damian Lillard, who I think falls just outside of the top 12 on a per game basis, not by much. And, frankly, he might get in there and knock Butler to 13 or, you know, if j j j doesn't step before. Frankly, Jayson Tatum could be a little bit worse, and he might be the guy who ends up at 13. But the honorable mention here was, certainly Damian Lillard. He's kind of your your top 12 snub on the Dan Vesper side. And I'm also realizing that I probably need to rearrange one name on the totals board right here in the middle of the show. So while we're doing that, I'm gonna remind all of you guys to please take a moment to like, rate, subscribe to this video. Find me on social media at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. Now with the season starting tomorrow, we're gonna have breaking news all day every day in the NBA. That's the place that I can actually get that news to you in fine fashion. Also, plug for our draft tracker tool this year that Andre put together. It's unbelievable. I've used it in all 6, 5 5 of my cash draft so far. I'm planning on using it in the other 2 going on today. I think I'm at 9 totals leagues this year, and that's basically where I wanna keep it. I got it down from was it, like, 15 couple years ago, and it was just too many. I've used it in every cash draft so far. I found it, oddly, even more helpful in head to head where you can really lean into strengths as you're looking at at what the other teams are doing. On roto, you're trying to go balance, balance, balance, balance, but then at the end of the draft, you can find yourself kinda tilting into certain stats, and maybe it doesn't give you the world's best assessment because in game scap roto, you don't play your last 4 or 5 guys every time they go. Head to head, you're playing them all. Amazing tool. That's in the Fantasy Pass, which again starts at just $6. And if you wanna upgrade to the All Sport Fantasy Pass, there's a coupon running right now. That coupon is Ethos 246. Ethos 246 gets you $2 off, for 6 months on the All Sports. So that comes from $9 down to 7, which is just $1 more than the NBA solos. You're paying 1 extra dollar a month with that coupon to get baseball and football stuff that'll, again, just $1 more over the next 6 months. So that's October through April. The slight adjustment that needed to be made on the other side I don't know if you guys can see it as I'm doing it. I'm hoping you can't. This is Dan doing crap on the fly. I think I did it while you guys weren't yeah. Good for me. Alright. Let's go over to the total side, and it is oh, there we go. It switched right in front of your very eyes. Oh, man. I gotta get better at this, video stuff. Oh, we'll get there at some point. Totals. You'll notice there is a bit of a shake up on this side. And, you know, explanations don't need to be all that long for it because it's pretty obvious why certain guys are not on the total side were on the per game side. Let's start at the top. Those of you watching live on YouTube or after the fact, you guys can see all 12 names. Those of you listening, we're gonna read them to you right now. Those names are Nikola Jokic at 1, then Shay Gilgeous Alexander at 2, Tyrese Halliburton at 3, Joel Embiid at 4, Jason Tatum at 5, Jaren Jackson junior at 6, Kevin Durant at 7. Yeah. I know. I'm a little more bullish on his health this year. Probably, he'll bite me. McHale Bridges at 8. Mister 83 damn games last year. Steph Curry at 9. Jimmy Butler at 10. Desmond Bane at 11, and Damian Lillard at 12. And the, Total's snub is Kawhi Leonard, who, is right off the board there. I just think his per game numbers are gonna be so beefy that Kawhi, missing whatever it is, missing an extra 3, 4 game, something like that that keeps him out of that that uppermost echelon. But I I do think he's gonna be awfully close to getting into that first round, and and so that's why I'm actually okay in most formats taking him mid second round and beyond. So I think even by totals, he beats that mark. But just a few thoughts on the totals board. We're not gonna go this through this one, piece by piece. Jokic, I have at number 1, because I have him playing about the league average number of basketball games, and and that should be enough to kinda keep him in front of Shea Gilgeous Alexander. That's the guy that I think can challenge him for the number one spot this year. But I think Shea only plays maybe 2, 3 more games than Jokic on the season, so that gets him into the number 2 hole. Halliburton, I have playing in the mid to high seventies. Actually, I think it's gonna be a really healthy season for him back to, basically, what we saw, not this last season, but the one before that. Remember? Halliburton, they'd when he got traded, Indiana, he played 77 games that year. And if you're like, Dan, you seem like a total crazy person. Well, Halliburton was number 7 by totals that year while being a late 2nd rounder on the per game side. And this, again, this is all just about assessing what a game played actually means. So Jayson Tatum being number 4 last year, despite being number 11, means for Halliburton, who I just told you guys, I have, at number 7 per game. Well, if he's playing a bunch of ball games, that's way more than enough games to get him climbing over a few of the guys in front of him. Embiid, I have at number 4. I think the extra workload is gonna knock him down into the low sixties in games played, but per game is gonna be so awesome that he still will stay in the top 5 by totals. Jayson Tatum is back up at number 5. Basically, a repeat of what he did last year, which I know isn't super creative on my part, but also I think that's what happens. Jerry Jackson junior, who's a late 1st rounder for the entire season this time around, not starting the year late like he did last time. Remember, j j j missed the 1st month of the year. After that, he only missed a smattering of games the rest of the way. I think maybe 5 or 6 after missing the 1st month. If that's the pace he keeps this year and he gets into the low ish seventies in games played by being the number 9, 10, 11 per game guy, pretty easy for him to get up to number 6 by totals. I got Kevin Durant at number 7 by totals. Again, you know, lower than league average in games played, something like 63, 64 keeps him here in the middle of the first round. McHale Bridges, I have up around 80 games played, very similar, which, again, I know sometimes it's, like, the same thing is not gonna happen 2 years in a row. But with Bridges, I think you have an okay shot of getting back to basically what happened this last year. So he's up there. Steph at number 9, I think he plays a little bit, again, fewer than the the typical amount for the top of the board. So that drops him a little behind his per game mark, but not by much. Jimmy Butler, same general story. Desmond Bane is one that should interest you guys, because I think he's right around 20 per game this year. I think he's relatively healthy. And, honestly, he could go higher than this by totals if he stays super healthy, but I wanted to give a little bit of wiggle room. So I've got Bane playing around 71, 72 games this year. Grizzlies are gonna need him. Steven Adams being out, Ja being out. There's gonna need to be a lot of bane. So I'm thinking teens per game for a while. Good health drops into the twenties maybe when, when Jah is back. So around 20, 19, 20 on the per game side. Good health gets him to the end of the 1st round by totals. And Damian Lillard, who I think is gonna have a decent season, as you, didn't see, I should say, on the per game side. He was the snub at number 13, but I think he plays probably, like, 69, 70 games, somewhere just above league average and then does creep into the very end of the 1st round by totals. So those are your, best players in fantasy basketball on the per game and total side. Let's take a look at some of the questions over in the chat room as I once again remind everybody to find me over on social at Dan Vesperis. Hope a couple of you got guys did it while I was talking. I think you might have, actually. That's kind of fun. The power of suggestion on YouTube. I got a points league question. We're gonna jump over that. This is not a points league episode, so, sorry to, Kano there. Matt's talking about jjj. We've covered that. Should I feel bad drafting LeBron in the 3rd round at pick 34? Yeah. A little bit. I'm I'm down on LeBron this year. He may be gunning for 65 games for various all NBA stuff, so that would be the one saving grace with him. But I think you're looking at a guy who's in the thirties on a per game basis this year. He was at about 23, 24, 25 last season, and I think he does less. Assists probably stay about the same. Shots come down. Boards come down. Minutes come down. Free throws might come down. There's a lot to be worried about with LeBron. So I I've been avoiding him. He if he fell to the 4th round, I would probably do it, but I haven't seen that happen yet. Timothy says, I feel like LaMelo Ball is a similar Halliburton, but he just got hurt last year. What do you think separates him from Halliburton on the best player list? Field goal percent is a night and day. Halliburton was at 49% on only 15 shots, by the way, because Halliburton, was much more of a pass first element there. LaMelo Ball was at 41% on 20 shots. He was effectively going from someone who was, by the way, a positive for a point guard, but, you know, league average, Halliburton was basically about a net neutral in that, to LaMelo Ball who's a full tank. He's a he's a punt field goal guy. That makes a big, big difference. Halliburton also to more assists. LaMelo, you know, 2 and a half more rebounds, so that's where he has the edge. Both guys hit a bunch of 3 pointers. Halliburton, a better free throw shooter, by the way. So that's on top of it as well. More efficient, turns the ball over less. There's actually quite a lot that separates those 2 guys. Matt says Morey Moments by Dan Vesper. So I'd read that fan fiction. Yeah. Earlier in the show, I did a little I'm pretending to be Daryl Morey thing. Sorry, Daryl. I don't know if I said what you're saying, but I think it's quite conceivable. Kenny Luis Cruz says, I see KD 4th here, but his ADP is very high as he first round on 12 teamers. Yes. I believe so. We have to hope that he his health is better this year. I'm hoping that Phoenix keeps the minutes in check a little, and then you hope for, you know, no weird, like, slipping on a wet spot during warm ups crap. But he is Kevin Durant. He is very long and lean, and so little things can happen like that. I'm just hoping that they are much smaller. Where is Luka Doncic? Well, this is 9 Cat. And he's I mean, we're going by strict ranking. He was number 16 last year. He's dealing with a calf that's still an issue. So I can't, in good conscience, put him forward, and he probably finishes around 16 again. Derek Lively or Xavier Tillman in 9 Cat? I'll go Tillman just because he's the safe play. No Draymond on opening night news coming out. Should we roll with Jonathan Kuminga? Yeah. He'll probably get to do some stuff. Now the problem with Kuminga is that last year, he really hurt you in a number of spots, on the 9 Cat side. Kevon Looney is your safer play here. It was not gonna be that exciting. He's only gonna score 8 points, but he almost definitely gets you 9 to 12 rebounds, probably a steal, maybe more, maybe you get 2 defensive stats out of him. My streamer is probably, Kevon Looney. I I'm just not a comminga believer. Maybe he does it while Draymond's out. Would you trade your Deandre Ayton for Jeremy Grant and Klay Thompson? You know, I might, actually. I think Ayton's probably a per game forties guy this year, maybe early fifties. I think Klay Thompson's probably early fifties, and Grant is probably late fifties. So, yeah, I I think you're actually getting more on the 2 player side. But, of course, it depends on who you gotta drop. Matt says, Dan, is there a player statistics storyline or other that you'd like to nominate for the 1st entry into the Weird Al index for this rapidly upcoming season? If you guys are not aware, by the way, Matt, rewrites songs to NBA themes, ala Weird Al, but this is all fantasy basketball related. It's gotta be James Harden, doesn't it? I know that's a little buzzy, but as I finish my water on air, feels like we need a Harden song because the Dame saga ended. JPX says with 1 IL plus and 2 bench players is durability first priority. Like, pick Tatum instead of Embiid, Bane over Kawhi. That's what I did. Is this a good strategy? Yeah. If you've only got 1 IL slot, IL plus or otherwise, and only 2 bench players, you badly need your guys to stay upright. That's rough, man. Like, missed because that means that, you know, you're talking 12 players and maybe a 13th if you can squeeze them on the IL plus. So so you're talking about between 39 and 52 games a week, probably, out of your whole team. Call it about 44, 45. Meaning, every 0 you get is huge. Almost I mean, jeez. Like, that's a that's a massive deal. It's more than 2% of your weekly output. So if you got guys with durability issues, they can knock out 5% of your week, 10% of your week pretty quick. Now the other side of that is, when Embiid does play, he puts up numbers that are a lot bigger than Tatum, and Kawhi puts up numbers that are quite a bit bigger than Bane. But I get it, man. Like, you want your guys out there. Maybe you go 1 in 1 in a league like that or just be a little bit more careful as you move later on. So there's a couple other ways you can look at it. Giannis says, what can we realistically expect from Xavier Tillman? Uh-huh. Not a lot. I mean, people are like, oh, Xavier Tillman time. And I admit I gave him the nod in one of the questions earlier, but, like, he basically had this job for the whole second half of last year, and he ended up hanging out right around the edge of the top 100, which is fine. You know, it's good enough, but it's not gonna blow the roof off the building. I think probably more like 120, honestly. Maybe later than that. Ymc says, how many assists do you think Maxey averages this season with Harden gone? So, yeah, last year, that was a big knock on Maxey's that he really didn't pass at all. He only had 3 and a half assists. With no Harden around, I think that probably gets up into the high fours is my take. People generally over guess on assists. Like, oh, Harden's gone. Maxey's gonna get 7 assists per ball game. No. It's gonna be a lot of spreading it around. I think that 3a half goes to about 4.74.8, maybe as high as 5, but I don't think he gets much beyond that, if at all. Does Scoot have a top 100 season? Per game, no. Totals, maybe. Depends a little bit on how he's used and his health. I I don't think he gets inside the top 100 per game, though. Wembley will end up being a 1st rounder, won't he? Says, bleep Scott Foster. Not this year. I mean, he he he's gonna be at some point. The NBC is gonna catch up a little bit. His numbers are gonna be wild. You You know, there's a lot of gonna be a lot of Jaren Jackson Junior to his numbers. But picture j j j with kind of a bad field goal percent, I think, is kind of a reasonable way to look at him this year. And that's like a that to me is is like a really good outcome. Or maybe, like, Myles Turner with a bad field goal percent. No. I mean, go, Jojay. Screw it. Make it, j j j. He could be a second rounder. I'm not sure he will, but he could. But I think you're gonna see turnovers, field goal percent are gonna be issues. The rigors of a season are gonna be issues. All that stuff is gonna creep in. He's gonna be fun as hell, though. Sheesh. Don Vito says Chris Paul or Scoot Henderson. I'll go Chris Paul, and everybody's gonna kill me for it. But I think he's just gonna quietly plot along. Health could be a problem. He's quite old. Tupadre, my father, says, what is your opinion on what to focus per game or per total's prediction? They're an argument for choosing someone like Bane over Anthony Davis. There definitely is an argument. I don't think those guys are quite close enough to warrant it. I'd rather take the shot on the crazy per game guy and hope that he has a relatively healthy season. But totals really matter with your best players, because you need them on the floor. You know, if you take a bunch of guys early that end up missing games and getting hurt, you you got no shot. As the draft goes along or as your numbers go along, once you get to, like, that top 60, 75 range where it's the guys that are kind of, like, just sort of keeping your team at baseline performance, that's where you wanna start looking at per game more. I think totals matter more early on if all other things are equal. Like, if you're in this one, Bane versus Anthony Davis, to to me, there's a little bit too much of a gap there. But if you were talking, like, Kawhi versus, like, Demonas Sabonis, who everybody maybe that's not even a good example. Maybe, like, Jimmy Butler versus McHale Bridges. I think I'd probably rather Butler and just pray he stays a little bit healthier. But if it's a little bit farther apart, I go the other way. I know. Not a great answer to the question, but there is a cutoff. Will Chris Paul be rosterable this season or more of an assist steal streamer? I think he'll be rosterable. Jonathan says, Xavier Tillman or Santi Aldama? I'll go Tillman. Weston says, please touch up on LaMelo as a 24th pick in points leagues. Not a big points leagues guy, but he'll be fine there. I like it. Don Vito again says, would you rather roster a Sohan or Kobe White? Give me Sohan, and let's see what the hell see what the hell happens. Sac accountant says, will Cunningham finish as a top 20 player and 9 cat head to head? No. Cirillo says, I'm a 12 team, 8 cat roto league and managed to get and then nothing after that. Cirillo, you're leaving us hanging, man. That's unfortunate. Don Vito, if you had to pick 1 of Gafford or a Kongwu for the entire season, who would it be? Give me a Kongwu. I'm a little worried about just all things wizards. Gafford could go higher, but what if Capella gets moved or heard or whatever? I'll go with Kang Woo because he showed himself to be extraordinarily durable. And there's we already know he's top 75 in only 22, 23 minutes a game. We need more than that to get Gafford there. Someone Marco says someone took Wenby a pick 14 in my league. Yeah. It's happening all the time. He's going early to mid second round now. Big preseasons will do that. I think most of these folks are gonna get a few big games and feel like they've won and then ignore the fact that there will be some bumps after that. And that's okay. Because, again, he'll be fun at the very least. Oh, no. Jonathan says, please rank the following. Sohan Quickley, Kobe White, Taylor Norton Tucker, and Kyle Lowry in 9 cat. Give me quickly at the top of that board, then Sohan. If we're actually, if we're going per game, I'll go quickly then Lowry, then Sohan, then White, then Tucker. And then, obviously, if it's totals, Kyle Lowry ends up at the bottom because he's probably going to pass out after 2 months. Would you rather have Aaser Thompson or Ahman Thompson in a dynasty draft? I'll go Aaser. Yeah. There's more room, I think, in Detroit. Oh, here's Cirillo's question. Oh, it's just your team, buddy. Good job, but I can't that's not a question. Paulo says, is Bilal worth the last pick? And a 14 teamer, you'll probably drop him. You can do it if you want, but you'll probably drop him. Is Bam worth the top 20 pick for durability purposes? No. I don't think you need to reach on him there. I think he'll be there, you know, when he comes back kinda early 3rd round anyway. So nah. Dame or Kevin Durant with the 9th pick in a roto draft. I probably go KD if there's a game's cap. Sac accountant's back says, if I go wenby, should I look to trade him now or enjoy the ride? If you can get a couple of big games out of him, I would trade him for a second rounder and never look back. Anthony says and then I gotta I'm wrapping it up. The the questions are flying in here at the end of the show. I'm trying to catch up, and I'm not doing a great job of it. Hi, Dan. Which side has better value? Gafford and James Harden or Desmond Bane? I'll probably go Bane. Get me off of the messy mess. Is Al Horford, Rostable, and a 14 teamer head to head? No. He missed 20 games last year, and they're gonna do it again. Roto, maybe. Don Vito says Harden fell to 65 in my draft yesterday. Is that too far? Yeah. That's too far. Harden's gotta go before 65. He could sit out a month, and he'll he'll be of value there. Matisse says, last four picks in my draft for Bruce Brown, De'Anthony Melton, Ayman Thompson, and Obi Toppin. Is any one of them worth dropping for a streamer spot? The odds are that you'll have at least 1 streamable, but let's give him a week or 2. YMC says, are you high on Melton? YMC, have you been watching any of my shows, man? I've talked about De'Anthony Melton on about 15 different shows. Yes. I love De'Anthony Melton. He's gonna get you a crap ton of steals. It's gonna be great. Marco says favorite draft pick in one of your drafts this year. I got Chris Paul at a 104 and 30 deep. And then those those bozos let me come right back and get Jaden McDaniels at, like, 137. Having the best time. Having the best time. Matisse says I drafted on Yeko Okonwut 82. Is that too much? No. That's fine. F Scott Foster says, will Ben Simmons be a top 75 player if he's truly healthy? That's basically where I'd expect him to be if he's healthy. His 70 5, 80 range. JPX come oh, no. It's that same question again. Weston says, do you think Jeremy Grant could potentially go back to his Pistons version of himself? Yeah. Yeah. I'm hoping he remains more efficient than that, but it's a distinct possibility. Sacca says, are you high on Drew holidays? Worth a 5th or 6th round pick? Yes. Absolutely. 5th, 6th round, that's a great value. 3rd round, 4th round, 5th, yes, 6th. Oh, yeah. Anthony says, are you big on Dennis Schroder? I am not. His game doesn't translate very well to 9 category leagues even when he was playing a ton. He had trouble getting inside the top 100. Last year, he played 30 minutes a game on the Lakers, and he was number 200 and 16. Expectations for the Thompson Twins. Bumpy ride. Azzar, I love the the combination of defensive stats, assists, rebounds. He could do a lot of cool stuff. He's a guy that I think I'd really like to have, maybe both, honestly, in a dynasty deal, but I'm doing redraft. We're talking redraft right now. I think you might be able to get stuff out of them the second half of the year, but the first, I think both are outside the top 150. Is RJ Barrett this is Don, a must roster player in category leagues. Nope. Cirillo says, I'm concerned with durability, so I'm thinking of trading Kawhi for McHale Bridges. Would you do that? I'm fine with that. I'm good either way. I like both of those guys for different reasons. And Vivek says pick 1, Drew or Kristaps Porzingis. I will go Porzingis. Give me the wild magical upside of the original unicorn or unicorn original flavor, and that is where I'm gonna stop the questions. I know if you were gonna probably pop in as I'm wrapping up shop here, but we had a big time one of those. By the way, I'm gonna be doing a free q and a in our sports ethos Discord. When am I doing that? At some point later this week. So make sure to join that. I'm gonna throw that link in the chat room right now. So if you're watching the show on a replay, you'll be able to see that there. I'll try to remember to throw it into the description as well. So if you're listening on traditional pod channels, you can find it in that spot. I'm also putting it on Twitter, like, all the time, so you guys remember to get in there, hang out with us on the Sports Ethos Discord. Make sure to check out the draft tracker available in the Fantasy Pass. Again, that starts at just $6. And again, like, rate, subscribe on your way out. Really does help a lot. Find me on social at danbespers. Thank you to everybody for all the really good questions today. Hope you guys enjoyed the original start to this show, which, what did we talk about today? Alright. Twelve best players in fantasy basketball. That's where we will wrap it up. Tomorrow, 2 show Tuesday, we're doing a weekly preview to get everybody set for the start of the season. We will also do a show on some real draft results, because I got a bunch of Roto Leagues, some head to head leagues we can go over. We'll take a look at some of the key things that went down in those. That is where I take my leave, and I'm playing you out today. You get a song on the back end. Enjoy.