Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Made it. We made it. Friday morning's about celebration, friends. We made it to the end of another week. Well, I guess the fantasy week doesn't end until Sunday, but we made it to the end of another work week, whatever the hell that's worth. Fantasy week 15. Can you believe that we're almost done with the 15th week of the season? We've just been trucking along full speed for so long. You kinda stop and, forget to take stock of everything. Joey in the chat room says, let's see how sick Dan is today. Always a little bit always a little bit, friends. Sinuses are still pretty good and clogged up, but I'm I'm fine, man. I mean, I didn't miss a show. The real magic of all of this, I cannot believe that I didn't miss a show. No. I think I did. Right? Didn't I miss a show when I had the GI bug earlier this in, or in January? It doesn't matter. It's February now. So, you know, brand new month, brand new look, outlook on life, maybe will be healthy the rest of this month. The, baseball teams are reporting to spring training, pitchers and catchers and all that good stuff. That's pretty cool. It's a good time of year. It's a good time of year. Ramp up to baseball, ramp into the fantasy playoffs, the ramp into the roto end of season, silly season. Make sure your games cap get used up, all that fun stuff. It's all coming around the bend. And I can't wait to be your Sherpa as we ascend the mountain. I am Dan Vesperce. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. I'm at Dan Vesper over on social media. Some of you, I think, are actually watching this show, on social. So if you're doing that, all you gotta do is click the like and follow button there. What was I? I was about to do something. I'm tired, guys. I'm more tired than I am sick today. More tired. Kids have been waking up at weird hours. At some point in my life, I don't know what it's gonna be. It might be, like, 2029. I'm gonna be able to just come on this show and be like, yep. Today is another day. But that day is not today, which is why I think this week I'm slipping into all these weird, impersonations. Herbert, the pervert, Smeagol slash Gollum, which, you know, as long as Precious Chitula is continuing to have good fill in games, we can continue to use some of these things. I am losing my mind. I am losing my mind, and it's happening kinda quickly. Couple of quick promos here before we dive into the week in review. And I and I wrote them on the screen. So if you're watching, you can actually see a few of them. Follow on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. Also, follow at Ethos Fantasy BK over on social media. Great account to get your, news feed. Please make sure to write, or rate, like, and subscribe no matter how you're taking in the pod. So if you're watching it live with us on YouTube, you can hit the like button and subscribe. If you're listening, rating, and subscribing, that's kind of the combination you're looking for. And, of course, please, everybody, make sure to hang out with us on trade deadline morning. We go on first thing. No one will beat us to the punch on that side. 7:30 AM Pacific time, Thursday, February 8th, just 6 days from today. The show is set up here at our YouTube page. So if you're, if you're subscribing, you should be able to go see that. It's, you know, it's posted as an upcoming show on our YouTube home page. Please go take a second to like that thing beforehand. Set your alarm, whatever you gotta do to be a part of our trade deadline coverage. It's gonna be a freaking wingding. A wingity ding. You guys can already see some of what I'm gonna be talking about today, but I'm gonna make it bigger here in just a moment. We've got some activity in the chat room that I've gotta ban and remove. Spam is coming in hot. That's how you know you're doing better when you're starting to get spammed. And not just by porn bots on Twitter these days. Woof. They are really coming in fast and furious. No rest for the weary on porn bots. I'll tell you what. Those bots are making porn 247. Yep. Yep. Yep. It's a brave new world out there, friends. Alright. It's week 15 in review. Let's talk about the ads. Everybody wants to know who the ads are this week, and they are these 5 names. Jonathan Kuminga, Santi Aldama, Jared Vanderbilt, Andrew Wiggins, and John Collins. We talked about 2 of these guys last week, but we have 3 new names on the board. The 2 repeats are Jonathan Kuminga and Santi Aldama. Mostly, I put them back on here because I just wanted to add, a little bit more context to them. Starting with Kamingo, who's just cruising right now. I just I want people to remember that this is a guy who, like, 2 weeks ago, wasn't getting to play. And then he yelled at his teacher, his coach, whatever you wanna call it. And then all of a sudden, he was just, like, getting a crap ton of minutes. I guess it was more like 3 weeks ago. It was the craziest thing. That never works. But it worked for Kuminga, and he is on a, like, a a a bender to end all benders here with activity. He's shooting 65% on extraordinarily high volume over the last 2 weeks. It's why he's, like, a second rounder over that stretch. He's also at 2.6 combined steals and blocks after not getting anywhere near that in his career to this point. He's never been a big steals blocks guy. We had extrapolated his numbers to 30 minutes before, and it looked more like he was gonna be in the ballpark of, like, 0.8, 0.9 steals and, like, 0.7 blocks, which isn't terrible, but it's not what you're seeing right now. And, frankly, this year, in 24 minutes a game, before this recent surge, he was actually more like 23. And he's at point 6 steals and point 4 blocks. And all of a sudden now he's at 2.6 combined in a little bit more. Yeah. I know. It doesn't really add up. So you're looking at all this stuff, and long term, 52, 53 percent field goal seems very attainable. But we we just we you have to we have to be aware of where things are going well and where things are going well that are sustainable. And free throw over that stretch at 71% feels like something he could probably replicate. That's about where he's at for the entire season. But 65% ridiculous volume field goal is just not going to be. So this is one of those moments where I need all of you listening to hold 2 thoughts in your head at the same time. Thought number 1, Kuminga is dominating. Thought number 2, it also probably makes him a bit of a sell high. Do you guys see where those pieces can kinda fit together? The strangest things are happening in the chat room right now. I cannot take my eyes off of them. So we can be excited about him, and at the same time, we can also be fully aware that he's not gonna be a 2nd round pick the rest of the way. So then the question is like, okay. Well, if I'm if I'm going to try to sell this dude by the way, this actually requires another explanation because I had someone who I ultimately had to mute because I I can't I don't have the time or the energy to argue with people, say something like, oh, how can you call this guy a cell? Well, it's not when you say someone's a cell, I have to do this, like, once a month forever. So this is probably, like, the 50th time I've had this exact same conversation. When you call somebody a cell, you're not saying that you don't believe in them. You're just saying that you think you could get more for them right in this particular window of time than they're likely to be worth rest of season if you just wrote it out. So right now for Kuminga, based on the crazy stuff he's been putting up lately, you could, I think, probably get, like, a top 75 guy back for him. And so in my mind, that's probably a move you should make. You could probably get, like, Michael Porter junior back for Jonathan Kuminga right now. You might be able to get a Tyler hero back while the heaters struggling to incorporate their pieces. Maybe a Devon Vassell is questionable there. If you wanted to go get, like I mean, if you wanted to assist, like, Mike Conley, low turnover guy, yeah, you're not gonna get as many points. But I think these guys that don't have a crap ton of name recognition that are hovering in the sort of 55 to 80 range, you could probably get them for Kuminga right now because he's rolling 2nd round value over 2 weeks, and people have convinced themselves that he's gonna be, you know, a top 40 guy the rest of the way. But reality is gonna set in at some point. He's gonna have the week where he goes the other direction because that's just what happens even to very, very good NBA players. They go through ups and downs, And Kamika is young and improving, but he's not like a superstar that's just gonna sit 2nd round at the rest of the way. And I think if you could lock in someone who is maybe, say, more trustworthy, and, again, we don't know what the warriors are gonna do in the next 6 days on top of all of that. That's why he can both be an ad and a sell at the same time. Thank you, sports guru, for the comment, Dan. If someone doesn't still understand sell high and buy low, they don't understand fantasy. The thing is, you know, I I I wanna I don't wanna be condescending, and maybe that was, not the the greatest way to present this exact same argument to say I've said this 60 times. But new people come and follow the show, and people just have the wrong conception of what it means to buy or sell someone. They think that when you hear buy, it means, oh, this is a guy who's rocket boosting into the moon. It actually just means there are value in that moment and sell the flip side of that. So let's get back to the discussion now. Santi Aldama is the next name. He's been on this board for me for a little while. I'm maybe more bullish on Aldama than the fantasy community at larger, so that's what I'm hearing here. I I have a a guilty admission to you guys. I have no idea who other people in fantasy sports are into or not into. It's a distinct lack of time. I swear to you all, I would love to be able to read slash listen to what other analysts are saying. I really would love to have the time for it, but I barely have the time to do my own show. And all these how many times do I come on here? I'm like, I really wanna do another show this afternoon, and then poof, I just can't do it. Because a kid, like, had to get picked up from school early, or they're having a weird afternoon where the nanny can't keep them from running into the bedroom, or, like, my mom is babysitting, and she can't possibly chase both those kids at the same time. I need time. So if someone out there is high on with these guys or low on these guys, I promise you I haven't the first clue unless someone tells me. I don't know. I cannot. I wish I had time to go figure out what everybody else was doing. I don't. Anyway, I like Santi Adama. The grizzlies are in full shutdown mode. We've now know, we've we've known now actually for a couple weeks. Xavier Tillman's on the trade block. That's why they're not playing him very much unless they absolutely have to. They wanna keep him upright. Aldama in starters minutes can be a 2, 3 pointer close to 1 steal, 1 block guy, and we just have to pray that his field goal and free throw percent don't turn out to be that bad. That's the big thing with him. Last week to 2 weeks, he's shooting about 46%. He's taken, like, 4 free throws, and he's made them. So, again, like, you know, thank goodness for that. So he hasn't really hurt in those categories. I think he's, like, 2 for 2. Oh, and free throws over the last 2 weeks. He had missed a couple right before that, but he's hitting his threes. His shots are iffy. He had a 6 for 9 game, and then he went 9 for 25 in the next 2 games, and he went 7 for 12 in the last one. So you just we just have to hope that it levels off the right way. But if this dude's getting starters minutes, which he has now for the last two games, and I would argue he's been pretty close to them for 5 out of the last 6, in my opinion, he's worth an ad because he can go top 75 in that kind of opportunity. I mean, his last ballgame, he had 18 and 9 with 3 assists, 4 3 pointers, and 2 blocks. If that doesn't need more convincing, well, I got no other convincing I can bring to you, so apologies on that. Jared Vanderbilt is the next one on the list. And, yes, a lot of you have asked the the right question, both on social media and here in the chat room is, well, didn't he just get hurt in the last ballgame? And, yes, I am trying to manifest okay health for Jared Vanderbilt because when he's been healthy, which is, like, the last 3 weeks, he is very much an every dayer. He's very much an every dayer over that stretch. On the season, he hasn't been because he just wasn't moving right for a while. But think think about this. Last 2 weeks, he's still only averaging 23 minutes a game over that stretch, and he's at 10 points, 5 boards, 2 assists, over 2 steals on 66% from the field. Last one week, which also includes the game this last game where he left halfway through, and another one where he got ejected, like, one game into it, he's still top 100 over that stretch. His rebounds, his steals, his field goal percent have all picked up in a big way. No. I don't think he's gonna shoot 65, 67% long term. That's just not gonna happen. But the rebounds and the steals are gonna stay high as long as he's healthy. And so the ad here is more about the fact that I I do these weekly review shows on Friday. And so it's not like I can say, oh, Jared Vanderbilt, like, downgrade him to watch list and then come back and do another show tomorrow. I say, oh, look. He's fine. You can go pick him up. If we get news this afternoon that Vanderbilt is gonna miss a couple weeks, then, yeah, obviously, you're not gonna hold on to him because you can't take zeros. And we're talking about, you know, top 80 to top 120 range guy. If that guy's hurt for a couple weeks and you're fighting for a playoff or whatever, that's just not a guy that you could afford to stash. But if news comes out later today that he's day to day, then that's why I have him on the ad list. Because if he's day to day, a 100% I'm sitting on him. Andrew Wiggins has had a couple of good games in a row. 2 actually truly good games in a row, and there were, like, 3 or 4 before that that were bordering on good. And I've said it I mean, how many you guys you guys probably can count better than I can because I can't keep track of what I had for breakfast. But all season long, I've been saying Wiggins is terrible, but anytime he has a good ballgame, you gotta pick him up. Because if it's the sign that he's turning a corner, we wanna be the the the fantasy managers that have him when that happens. And it seems like it's happening, so you better add him. And then John Collins who you know, I I gotta I gotta hit myself a little. I gotta, like, ding myself a tiny bit on this one. By the way, while we were talking, Zach LaVine, just got out for another week. It's back to the foot and not the ankle. So this is very much trade block Zach LaVine. So, I mean, he's he's out through the deadline. And as soon as he gets traded, he'll play again. Pretty pretty sure on that one. Because if he was actually hurt, then they would have a lot of trouble getting, you know, full value for him. So I'm sure that behind the scenes, they're saying, oh, guys, don't worry. He's fine. He's just sitting out, but we gotta put out this thing for the for the league. So that news just broke while we were talking. I wanted to slip that in there. Back on the topic at hand, John Collins. So one thing that I missed when I downgraded Collins to more of a schedule stream was that the way the Jazz have this configured and this is why you gotta watch the games. And I'm I'm guilty of not being able to watch as enough Jazz games, during that, like, sort of period where Collins had bottomed out and was starting to to ramp back up a little bit. I think if I had watched the games super closely, I probably would have noticed quicker that the reason his numbers were coming back for Collins is that they were letting him play the 5 more on offense, on defense, whatever. So it's improved his field goal percent, has been up over the last 2 weeks or so. His defensive stats have been up over that stretch, and, honestly, that might be the biggest thing of all. But, yeah, it's it's it's sort of all of the above. His rebounding has been better over that stretch on a per minute basis since he started getting more minutes at center. And so when you look like and you compare it to the whole season, his rebounding is fine. It's not like that's gonna be the one that jumps out at you. But for the whole season, he's at 8, and he was kind of, like, near 7 and change prior to these last 2 weeks. And, yes, the minutes have been a little bit better, but this is a guy who like, it's it's been a while since he was a legitimate shot blocking threat. We're talking COVID year, 2019, 2020 where he blocked 1.6 shots per game. That's the only season, I think, besides his rookie year where he averaged more than 1 block per contest. And this year, he was at, like, point 7. And then all of a sudden now they're like, alright. By the way, you're gonna play some center. And we saw him play a little center when Walker Kessler was hurt, and that was kinda when he when Collins racked up Fantasy value at the beginning of the year. But all of a sudden now, he's had multiple blocks in 4 of his last 6 ball games, and that's just not something like, you gotta go back to very early in the season to find the last time that he even had a game with multiple blocks. Like, you gotta go all the way back to December 8th. I think that might have been a game when Kessler was out. He had a few in a row where he had multiple blocks in mid November. That was when Kessler was out. So he had 4 blocks, 3 blocks, 2 blocks. And it's like, oh, well, this dude needs to play center. And now they've rearranged things here so that he is mostly playing center. And that's a big reason why John Collins has made this kind of midseason swoon turnaround because he was, quite awful for about, like, end of November until the middle of January. That's a tough that's like a 6, 7 week stretch where he was outside the top 150. And then Utah started to get all wackadoo, wackadoo and playing guys everywhere. They were like, Collins, you're the center now. And, Walker Kessler, you're gonna get 18 minutes off the bench. And that's why John Collins is playing better. Simple fact. You get a big guy and you play him at center, they put up better numbers. And I should've spotted that quicker, and so that's my mea culpa because we saw a few better games from him. And I was like, I don't think I could buy this because he's been bad for a while. But there was a there was a very clear reason behind it that I missed. I missed that. Here's some holds on the, holds aboard. Dennis Schroeder is a hold, mostly through the deadline. He's been even during his down periods, he still was sort of close enough to fantasy value, and I'm not a big Dennis Schroder fantasy guy. You guys know that about me. So for me to put him on the holds board, it must mean that I have some measure of faith that he's he has a path to value. And I think that path is somebody getting out of his way. I think Toronto's gotta trade someone else, whether that's Bruce Brown. I mean, he feels like kinda the only guy who's really on the block, but maybe it's Bruce Brown and Gary Trent Junior. It's hard to say. But, again, we're 6 days from the deadline. Now if Toronto doesn't move anybody, I think Schroder ends up a drop. I think Trent ends up a very clear drop. I think Bruce Brown ends up a drop. But if we can thin the herd a little bit there, knowing that RJ Barrett and Immanuel Quickley are gonna come back, and those guys are sort of, like, the 2, I think, called building blocks for Toronto around Scottie Barnes. Those 2 guys are not going anywhere. Max Drews is a hold. This one, I gotta give you, like, a different reason every week, which is a real shame because Drew said just started to play better again right before Evan Mobley and Darius Garland came back, for the cavaliers. And now the reason to hold is to just sort of see how the dust settles. Because remember, at the beginning of the year, that team was fully healthy, and Struzan was playing 35 minutes of game. He was posting some of his best numbers ever. So I don't think that it's and, honestly, it might be good for him to have these dudes around that are getting him wide open, and he can go back to just doing more of the kinda hustle stats, getting more rebounds, more steals, more blocks. That stuff did dry up a little bit when he was asked to do more on offense, and that went poorly because his field goal percent went down through the toilet drains. So anyhoo, hold back, Struce because you gotta wait and see how the Cavs get this whole situation configured. Hold Cam Johnson. I've said it a few times. I'll say it another time. Hold him through the deadline. I think Brooklyn thins the herd there, and he's likely to be a nice winner from that. Toughest one of the week is holding Buddy Heel. He's been awful this week. Flat out awful. There is no sugarcoating it. But as long as he's starting for that Pacers team, I gotta continue to give him a shot. Because over the last 2 weeks where it feels like he's been just about as bad as he could possibly be, he's still sitting right on the edge of the top 100. Because starter buddy, Hield, is bare you know, he's gonna mostly get 23 minutes or more. And a bunch of the time, he's gonna get 28 to 30 3. And in those games, he's top 50. And as frustrating as it is, there just aren't guys out there that can post lines like he'll can when he gets actual minutes. Walker Kessler back on the holds board again because people are like, he's the most annoying player to roster in fantasy. I promise you he's not the most annoying player to roster in fantasy. Yes. When you drafted him at 45, you were hoping for better than top 75. Duh. He's 3 rounds down from where he was picked, but he's still averaging, like, 3 damn blocks a game while barely playing. Heaven forbid he actually sees okay minutes for a day. He's a shot blocking menace. You can't get rid of that. You know, he's because of the shop locking alone, he basically is inside the top 100. And then anything we get beyond that will end up being gravy even if we don't get any gravy, even if it's just a dry piece of turkey. Terry Rozier is a hold, and, frankly, he's kind of a little bit of a buy low because Miami's trying to figure out where he fits in their whole scheme. Miami's also trying to make sure they don't lose ball games because they wanna or they lost a lot of them lately. Finally snapped their losing skid with a win over the Kings. So they just like, the heater in a weird spot because they have to figure out how to fit Terry Rozier in, but they can't afford to lose games while they're doing it. They sort of blew that that cache that they had by winning a bunch of games prior to the return of Jimmy Butler and Tyler. Like, the team this is this is what happens. Guys play over their heads for a while. Superstars come back, and then the team's like, oh, thank goodness. We can let down now. And then they lose a bunch. But then the Heat added another player, so they're they got a lot going on at the same time. The good news is they'll figure it out because they're the heat. They'll be fine. The other good news is that Jimmy Butler's been on a pretty nice role since he came back from his last injury, and he's pushed himself up to the edge of the 2nd round on a per game basis. So hang tough, everybody. And then Ben Simmons is on the holds board. We actually just got a report while on air that Simmons is probable for tonight. So I don't know what the deal was with his knee in the last one. I still remain somewhat skeptical, that all of this isn't Ben Simmons dealing with mental stuff. I don't I don't have any way to prove it. It just sort of feels that way. And, like, if he's feeling well enough to play, then all of a sudden, he's just out there. But in any event, the nets are better with him on the court. So hold him. It's easier decision to make in roto. It's an easier decision to make if you're punting points. But head to head, you're gonna have all these these days off too. So, I mean, I get it. We're we're always chasing upside, and there is some with Simmons, especially if the nets move Dinwiddie or Royce O'Neil or Dorian Finney Smith or whatever. And then it's just like, nothing's gonna get in his way, and he's got all these shooters around him. Yes. But, he's gonna end up being a big headache, especially if you don't wanna have to take any zeros on head to head. So I think you hold him, but I get it. In certain formats, it'll end up being more trouble than it's worth. You know, I left one name off of the I'm scared board, and you guys are gonna get to watch me add it in real time. And that is Malik Monk who I think we can probably drop now. The, Kings have gone in a different direction At that spot, it's more Kevin Hurter these days. And if they make a splash at the trade deadline, that would also put a dent into whatever Monk is doing. Caris Levert is the other name on the drops board. As the Cavs get healthy, he's just not gonna be able to do enough to counterbalance his bad percentages. And Monk actually has a little bit of that too. Good free throw numbers for Monk at least where Lavertz's kind of a negative in both. But Malik's value was tied up in being a distributor off the bench, and he's just not playing right now. And on the season, he's outside the top 150. So I just I don't know how I make the argument that he needs to be held. I don't think he does. 3 names on 3 names, excuse me, are on the watch list, and 2 of them are members of the Orlando Magic. Jalen Suggs and Markelle Fultz. I remain extraordinarily skeptical that either of these dudes can post full season 12 team 9 cat, you know, rest of year value. Fultz has been better lately on the shoulders of a gigantor steals game mixed in there because his other stuff actually hasn't been all that impressive. 62% from the field over 2 weeks is pretty impressive. But it's a 1.8 steals. That's why he's inside the top 100 over that stretch. And if he can't maintain almost 2 steals per game, you know, 11 points and 3 and a half assists is just not enough to get it done. Now with Suggs, it's a similar phenomenon. I might argue I have more faith in Suggs because he'll go shoot a 3 pointer, but I don't have a ton of faith in either of them. They're both trying to get me to Adam because they've been good for, oh, I don't know, maybe the last week or so. But even over that stretch, you're like, well, do I really wanna go down this path? And for Fultz, he's at 2.3 steals a game over that stretch and 61% shooting. He can stay near 50% from the field because he doesn't take any 3 balls. But 2.3 steals is not gonna stick. And so, again, if you're talking about a guy who's, like, at, like, 11, 3, and 3a half with 1a half steals, that's I mean, that's borderline at best at best. So, yeah, he's warm right now, and maybe he's getting his legs underneath him. It's possible that this is like you're gonna finally get a a little surge out of Markel, but I don't think you'd be missing all that much even if you don't do this thing here. And Orlando's dealing with such a log jam at every position all the time that the chance of this thing really popping loose for faults or SUGS is not all that great. The Streamwall warm board, we've added a few new names to it. Those names are Jalen Green and Cam Thomas. I don't know why Cam Thomas wasn't on this thing before. These are players who go on vicious heaters and look like they could beat the world and be rest of season studs, but we must remember. We must remember who they truly are and where the numbers will end up. And just quickly here, lightning round these names. The ones you know already, Bobby Portis, Naz Reed, Cole Anthony, Denny Avdia, Jordan Clarkson. Avdia, by the way, is maybe a little bit above this. Jordan Clarkson, RJ Barrett, Kevin Herter, who's so streaky. Jeremy Solhan has been added to this board. He's been on a nice little run lately, but I think we know that at some point that's gonna level off. Jalen Green and Cam Thomas are the new additions. Jalen Green is on a heater for the ages right now. The Rockets might move him, by the way, which, could actually potentially be good for Green if he ends up on a team that just gives him sort of unfettered chuck, chuck, chuck, or maybe it's bad because that's kind of the story with his career so far. Although, I would argue Cam Thomas is a little bit more upside because he's not a terrible free throw shooter. Jalen Green has been bad both percentages in his career to this point, where at least with Thomas, you're gonna get a trash field goal percent. But if he gets to the foul line, he'll be, you know, 80 plus there, so that would actually be a positive. But either way, like, you we've seen the numbers. We've watched them all year. There's nothing magical that happened in the last week even though we want to delude ourselves into thinking that something magical happened. Cam Thomas is taking 17 shots a night this season, and he's outside the top 170 because all he does is score. You cannot be a one trick pony in the NBA. And Jalen Green, he's caught Cam Thomas thanks to this last, mega burst. And, by the way, shout out to Jalen Green for getting his free throw percent over 80, so that is no longer a big negative. But he's shooting 41% from the field even with this insane heater going on. He was under 40, I think, prior to that, or he was very close to 40. Neither one of these guys gets steals or blocks. Jalen Green gets a few more rebounds. He's just a slightly, rangier player than Thomas. Both of them basically just score a lot. And at some point, that reality will come back. And so if you can stream these guys while warm or sell high, You do it. I don't know if you guys heard that noise. That was my sinus. That was not something scraping the microphone. That was, like, one part of my sinus scraping against another part. I'm unwell. Maybe nobody could hear that noise. It's possible that I could only hear it because it, like, occurred inside my head, but it felt audible. The injury replacement board is disgusting right now. I'm gonna have to make it bigger on the YouTube screen. You guys aren't gonna be able to see the names. You might still not be able to see them. But these are all the names. We'll go through them quickly. These are the guys you play and then who you play them for. Bruce Brown for RJ Barrett. Gary Trent Junior for Emmanuel Quickley. Dennis Schroder could also kinda fall into that department. IO D'Souma, who's been crushing because Zach LaVine and Patrick Williams are out. Eric Gordon, who I can't stand. So even though he's an injury replacement for Grayson Allen, I'm probably still not using him. Jackson Hayes for Anthony Davis, although I expect AD back for the Knicks game, which is coming up is is that Saturday or Sunday on that Knicks game? We'll look it up. Screw it. We'll do it live. It's the Saturday night ABC evening game. Yeah. Saturday evening. I would expect AD and Braun back for that ballgame. But if LeBron happens to miss another, Rui Hashimura has been the winner there. Trey Murphy's been, doing better lately with Herb, missing a couple of games. And by the way, you could flip that one too. Herb would be the guy if Trey Murphy was out. Josh Hart for Julius Randle. Prowsels. Achooah for Randle and Ana Nobe. Paul Reed and Kelly Oubre junior for Joel Embiid. Al Horford, I leave him on this board forever because any Boston starter being out gets him a run, which at this point is, like, every other game almost. Nick Richards, still filling in for Mark Williams. PJ Washington with LaMelo and Gordon Hayward out. He's been getting enough shots to be a nice stream. Malcolm Brogdon, you're streaming with shade and sharp out. And the Grizzlies, I did in tears here. Oh, did I skip talking about Scottie Pippen Junior? I did. I skipped talking about Scottie Pippen Junior. We'll go back to that one in just a second. Vince Williams and then Luke Kennard were the guys initially when Bane and Smart went down and Ja. Then Kennard went down, and Jon Conchart took his place. What I said, I think, on this show last week was that the grizzlies are like a Russian nesting doll of fill in injury guys. And then, of course, Tim Hardaway junior is, your Kyrie or Luca replacement. Although it sounds like Luca's good to go, and Kyrie is questionable. So it's possible both of those guys are in, in which case then you make your adjustment. So, let me go back, 3 pages here, 2 pages here to Scottie Pippen junior who I don't think I can bring myself to stream in Roto. He actually does make sense as a fill in stream on the head to head side, but the minutes are not guaranteed. And so that also then means that the production is not guaranteed. That's, I think, all I really wanted to say on Scottie Pippen Junior. I I just it feels like with some of these guys, reality is going to sort of set in, and that's one of those ones where we really just don't know if it can stick. And quickly here, because we do have the trade deadline approaching, this is a quick reshoot. Of the possible stashes leading up to the trade deadline. I'm gonna go through the chat room. Don't worry, people. You guys are you guys are getting crazy over that away. Stash list, Onyeka Okonwu, because we hear the hawks are I think they were described this morning as the most active of any team leading up to the deadline. Iota Sunu, if the bulls move a couple of guys, Marvin Bagley, if Daniel Gafford gets moved, Dennis Smith Junior, if Spencer Dinwiddie and or some other wings on the Nets get moved, that's a possibility there, presuming, of course, that Ben Simmons ends up hurt again. Deandre Hunter, we're back in Atlanta on this one. Let's say that, Dejounte Murray gets moved and then maybe also Sadiq Bay could be on the move. Bilal Koulibaly, this one I you guys have heard me talk about this one, frequently. I I do think that he needs more than Tyus Jones out of the way. I think a Kyle Kuzma move actually might even help him more because we gotta get him shots. Jabari Walker most likely needs Jeremy Grant out of the way. Gary Trent Junior most likely needs, Bruce Brown. Honestly, I don't know that there's a path for Gary Trent. It would have to be Bruce Brown and Schroeder probably getting shuffled if Trent is gonna make an impact. And then Azzar Thompson in Detroit who might have an opportunity to do something now. Isaiah Stewart is hurt, but we all know that Monty Williams would prefer to play Kevin Knox. I just bloop. Anyhoo. And, yeah, that's, that's the possible stash board. We'll do a show, I think. I I would love to do one over the weekend where we, rehash those stash names and kind of the upside, the downside, and just make sure that I've got them all covered because there's probably 1 or 2 guys that I'm forgetting to to flip on that board. But before we we wrap things up here on our weekend review show, you guys have been very busy in the chat room, and I wanna kinda do what I've been doing, towards the end of the shows during the week, which is, to go through and just see if there were any names that you guys brought up that I missed. Early in the show, if you guys recall, I got my attention got yanked away from me for a second. There were 3 posts in the chat room claiming that they were going to expose me as an alt right plant, which is extremely funny. I'm a little worried. I don't know. Like, it felt directed, but I have to assume that this was fluky. Okay then. Let's see. Questions about Vanderbilt. Hopefully, I went into enough detail on that one. Questions about Paul Reed. Yeah. That's reasonable. So I think I did a little bit of a Paul Reed rant on yesterday's show, and my rant was the only reason you wouldn't want Paul Reed on your team right now is if the only category you're trying to win is points. Because he's gonna rebound. He actually can pass a little bit, and he gets steals and blocks on a good field goal percent without killing you at the free throw line. This is a guy who has 5 or 6 category appeal. It just so happens that the one that everybody pays the closest attention to is the one he doesn't. He's not gonna score very much. He played 28 minutes yesterday. That's all we can ask for. That's that's well beyond my wildest dreams for Paul Reed. He plays 28 minutes a game with Joel Embiid out, and he's a top 75 fantasy guy. I don't know that he's gonna get 28 minutes every night, but it was great that he did. And so I'm very much into him, and nothing I saw yesterday moved me off of that. Lot of good discussion here going on. More questions on Paul Reed. Do you think Brandon Podgemski is a stash? No. I don't. I can't think of a situation where the warriors move the right guys to clear out a path for Podgemski. Like, if they moved Andrew Wiggins, who we've heard is someone that they'd be open to moving, they're gonna bring someone in to take that job and then some. And right now, Podgemski is off the bench, and he's not doing enough behind the new look starters. So, no. I it'd be a weird path to get him, like, back into a feature role. It would mean that the warriors are tearing it down, and I really don't think they're gonna do that. Any update on De'Anthony Melton? No. We were supposed to get one yesterday, I thought, but, you know, boop wamp wamp. Nothing there, which sucks because I did grab him in a in a league, assuming we'd get some kind of information in the last 2 days, and we didn't. I'm a grizzlies fan. How do you know Tillman's on the trade block? It's been out there now. Bobby Mark's talked about it, I think, a week ago, and it's been actually circulating this morning. I saw some more stuff. I can't remember who tweeted it because I was frantically trying to get everything ready for these shows and whatnot. And I did an appearance over with, with my buddy, Gil Alexander, on Veasen. But I saw it flash by my timeline as well. He's a restricted free agent, I believe, and I don't know that they really wanna pay him. So it makes a lot of sense for Tillman to, to to get cooking there. Is Tillman a good ad? No. I don't think so. I don't think so. Let's see. What do we got here? Should I drop Josh Giddey for IO To Sunu in a 10 teamer? Yeah. I mean, I don't know. Like, Giddey has not been a if we're talking about 9 category league, Josh Giddey's number 166 in 9 cap, which is not even good enough for 12 teamers right now, let alone 10. And I just don't think see his job changing all that much the rest of the way. So as much as it hurts you because you probably drafted him at, like, 60, against my will, I yelled at you all as that I he was on my my bust list coming into the season. He's not really good enough to to be a spot holder on a 10 team or even a 12 teamer. So I'm okay with turning his spot into a streamer, much as it may hurt, by the way. Dan, you have a man crush on Max Struss. Yeah. I do have a little bit of a man crush on him. And the problem is that he keeps getting waylaid by these problematic situations. The good news is he's still a 9 cat startable guys. Number 114 on the year while shooting 40%. If that even gets up to 41%, he's inside the top 100. And as you guys may recall, he did put up really nice numbers when the team was healthy. So I'm not really worried about the whole, like, who's there and who's not. What I'm more worried about is how it keeps shuffling. Every time they shuffle the deck, it gets confusing for everybody again. But they want him playing gigantic minutes. I believe he's also kinda tired. He has been worse after that good start. But every time I watch, he's out there playing 33 damn minutes of all game, and he's still at 5 boards and 4 assists and a steal and half a block on the year. That stuff is maintained. He just hadn't hit a shot in, like, 2 months. And then he had, like, a 3 game stretch where he started to make buckets again, and then they brought everybody back and nobody knows what the hell their role is. So that's why, I get it if you guys wanna move on, you know, whatever. But when he's healthy and he's playing 33 minutes, he's doing enough. He may not be healthy. That could be another problem. Hey. Cam Thomas isn't that bad for field goal percent. I mean, over the last, like, 3 weeks, that's true. But on the season, you said 45. And you're like, 45 doesn't sound that bad. 45 is pretty brutal when you're taking 20 shots a game. We have to remember about volume here. Dante DiVincenzo, I think, is also a 45, but he was only taking, like, 8 or 9, 10 shots a game or whatever it was. So a lot of it is just, like, weighted it's a weighted impact thing. He is a small positive in free throw percent. We're talking about Cam Thomas right now. He's a small positive in 3 pointers. He's a big positive in scoring, but he's negative in rebounds no matter what position you put him at. He's a negative at assists from a guard position, negative in steals, negative in blocks, negative in field goal percent. And that's why he's ranked 170 despite being a furious chucker. But at the same time, he's on a heater. So ride it or sell it. Get some out of it. Mario 2. Alright. Let's wrap this thing up. I got a lot of things I wanna cover, and I'm gonna say it again because I keep saying I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna try to get another show. It may not be this afternoon. It might be tomorrow, but we're gonna get some extra shows going here, especially leading up to the deadline because this is the time when we got more stuff to cover. Oh, are you at all this is a good question. Are you at all worried that that Paul Reed didn't finish the game? I don't actually care when he plays. If he gives me 25 to 29 minutes, I don't give a crap when they come. So I'm not super worried about it. They'll mix and match and whatever. And however he gets there, I'm okay with. But he's starting, and that's a big deal. It's hard to play less than, like, 22 minutes when you're starting. Do I prefer Paul Reed, Andrew Wiggins, or Josh Hart at the moment? It's probably Hart, although Randall could be back before Embiid, but it's probably Hart. I think I go Hart over Reid over Wiggins, because I still am not fully sold that Andrew Wiggins is just like, he's fine again. Alright. Thanks everybody for watching. Please do check out our pals over atmanscaped.com. Use promo code Ethos 20 to get 20% off your free shipping on whatever you grab over there. Again, that's Ethos 2zero@manscaped.com. I am at Danvers over on social media. I hope you guys will certainly take a moment to follow me there. Please do subscribe however you're taking in the show, whether it's YouTube, Spotify, Itunes, the list goes on and on and on. Follow on Twitter. Subscribe to the show. Follow and subscribe. Like, rate, subscribe, follow. That's how we'll continue to get this snowball, rolling. And I'll see you guys over on social media. We got plenty to do there today. And, please favor to me. Go find the trade deadline live show and click that thumbs up button. I wanna keep seeing that number tick tick tick tick on the way up. And, I think that's it for promo here. Have a lovely Friday, everybody. Nice big card tonight. Go set those lineups, and I'll see you guys on the tweeters. So long.