Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. You may not believe it, but I actually still have my voice today, sort of. It's not at full tilt, but it's close enough at this point. I'll take it. Yesterday was a, an amazing day. A bit of a harrowing day, but an amazing one. Yesterday, we had our 5 hour trade deadline live show, and then personally, I drove out and did 2 college basketball play by play games back to back, with about a 5 hour break in between. So all told, I did about 9 and a half hours of broadcasting yesterday. And, by the end of the night, I felt like I was gonna speak and dust was just gonna come flying out of my mouth. It didn't. I survived. I'm okay. But it is part of why I wanted today's show to be a little bit later. I just whatever hours my voice could get today were critical. As as far as yesterday goes, I'm just, like, I'm still over the moon. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to all of you from the bottom of my heart for tuning in, for liking the video before or during the broadcast. There were 2 1,242 likes on the video, far and away the most we've ever had. There were over 18,000 views on the video, far and away the most we've ever had. I think the previous high was 13,000. The trade deadline showed 2 years ago and just absolutely obliterated that almost by 50%. I mean, there's there's, like, almost nothing close. You know? There was a a an episode. There was a a video that the great Alan Cirokey uploaded, of steals and busts in October of 2021, and that one, like, hit the algorithm with all the fattiest fat juice that you could possibly find, and that got up to 12,000. So 18 is crazy. We had over 2,000 people watching live at one point. Again, I I just I don't like I cannot express to you guys how excited I was to see all that happen in real time just to be a part of it. And then, just a fun show. You know? I I know the trade deadline didn't have the big names moving, but we had some cool stuff that happened. And we got to break it down, and I tried to do some, you know, little mini graphics getting the tweets up on the board as fast as humanly possible so as you guys could know what I was talking about. We'll do a better job of some of that stuff next year. Andre has already reached out to say that he can help with keeping the live board up to date, so that would be one thing that I'm not trying to do while talking. And then, obviously, next year, we'll have Brew back in the mix who's in recovery from, surgery on a shoulder, neck, arm for a thoracic outlet. But, anyway, what a blast. Thank you all. Today, it's a week in review show, which is complicated today, because the trade deadline happened yesterday, and we mostly won't see the results of that until tomorrow or Sunday. So there's a very real chance that I convinced my family to let me do a show on Sunday just to talk about what happened tonight Saturday. Because you might get a couple of guys that suit up for their new teams today, like the trades that went down on Wednesday. You probably see those those guys suit up if their teams are playing today. The trades from yesterday, deadline day, probably you won't see those players until tomorrow. And, obviously, I'll be tweeting about it rampantly at danbesbris, d a n b e s b r I s. Some of you are actually watching on, Twitter right now, so make sure you hit the follow button if you're doing that. If you're watching on YouTube, like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff. And if you're listening after the fact or watching after the fact, subscribe, rate, like, all that good stuff, whatever you can do to to continue helping us grow that is also a really big deal. But I I just like, I don't wanna make you guys wait all the way until Monday to get the results of trade stuff. If you're not following on Twitter, if you're not the social media type and you're the pod type, I'd like to try to get that to you sooner if at all possible. So we'll see if that all adds up. This is, of course, Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. There's the other side of this for me. Again, on the personal side is as we start to dive into the stuff we're talking about today, which is, how do I get my energy level as high as yesterday, if we're back to, you know, between 50 a150 people watching live and, you know, like, a 1000 to 1500 people that take in the show, like, the I'll admit, it's not as easy. There's, like, 1 20th the audience. Anyhoo, let's get let's do some fun. It's week 16 in review. We're gonna cover stuff that happened over the last few days. This was, as I wrote here on the screen, a hard one. So I added a new category because it's a chaos week. That'll come up. You'll see it as we work our way through. Make sure to follow me on Twitter at Dan Vesperos. Follow ethos fantasybk. Wish we had picked an easier one. But that's an awesome Twitter news feed. Like, rate, subscribe, blah blah blah. Let's go. Ads of the week. Andre Drummond. And I put that out on Twitter in the middle of the night. I scheduled the tweet for that one because I basically was going to sleep at, like, 12:30 in the morning. I thought, you know what? This would be better if I'd schedule it for a few hours from now when people on some coast are awake. Why, a bunch of people said, why on earth would you put Andre Drummond on this list? After just a day and a half ago, you said, I don't expect Andre Drummond to keep his starting job and for the Bulls to go big starting 5 like they did against the Wolves. Well, guess what? Egg on my face because Drummond didn't start the game, but did play 31 minutes against the hapless zombie grizzlies. It doesn't mean he's gonna get this kind of run every single day. No. It does not mean that. He had 21 and 13. He shot 10 of 11 from the field. Again, it's just it's not gonna be that good, and he missed 2 of his 3 free throws, which is always gonna be a problem for Drummond. But it does seem like and maybe some of it is because Patrick Williams is out right now. So perhaps that's a thing that shifts this back in another direction because he gives them sort of a more rangy wing type as opposed to right now, Iota Sunu, Alex Caruso, Kobe White. Caruso is awesome defensively, but they are not a big backcourt when those 3 guys are all playing at the same time. DeMar DeRozan, I guess, then the power forward in that lineup, also not a particularly big dude. So they're lacking in size when they're running that small. They've swung the pendulum all the way over to the opposite polar extreme. They've gone from a very small lineup to a massive one with Vooch and Drummond rolling side by side. This has been kind of interesting for Vooch because for whatever reason, it seems like he's much more willing to get a at the 4 as opposed to the 5. He's taken a bunch of shots here in this ballgame. And, yeah, you know, some of it has to do with who's in and who's out, but still interesting to see him lead the team in field goal attempts in that last ballgame. He also led the team in plus minus. He's still hovering in the forties, 45 on a per game basis, which mind you is still about 15 slots ahead of where he was drafted. And by totals, my fine feathered friends, he's number 35. So he's blitzing his ADP again. You know, he's not a 1st rounder by totals. He's not a 2nd rounder on a per game basis, but he's a win. I don't know why people still clowning on him. Like, he's not a win. He's a 2 round win on the per game side. He's a 3 round win on the total side. Talking about Vooch here. As far as Drummond goes, there's so much nuance to this that I can't express on social media and why I need these podcasts to get into the weeds a little bit more. If Patrick Williams comes back and knocks Drummond off of this increased playing time, then we move on. But the reason that he's on the ads board right now is because for two reasons. Number 1, we don't know that that's gonna be true. Patrick Williams could come back, and it could have no impact on Drummond. It could ruin Iota sumo instead. So we don't know. It's the first one. We don't know what's gonna happen when Patrick Williams comes back. Who's the the big loser there? Because he'll play. And 2, we don't wanna be behind the curve on this one because Andre Drummond in starters level minutes is an absolute Goliath. He's going to be weighed down considerably by his free throw percent, which is dog new. But if this dude's playing 30 minute I mean, like, we have lots of seasons to look back at to say, oh, what does Andre Drummond do if he gets mid twenties or higher in minutes? He's a walking double double with the rebounds generally the easier part of that equation for him. We don't have to go all that far back. You know, he was a backup in Philly couple years ago. He's been a backup in Chicago. As a backup in Philly, he averaged 9 rebounds a game in 18 minutes. He spent half of that season with Brooklyn also. Averaged 10 rebounds a game in 22 minutes. He was a backup for the lakers the year before that. I think it was a was that a buyout or a trade? I don't remember. Average a double double in 24 minutes. 13 and a half rebounds in Cleveland earlier that right? Earlier or later? Doesn't matter. My brain fried. Anyway, we only need about 24 minutes out of Drummond for him to post a double double and to be able to probably get close to a steal and a block per ball game. We're always going to be staring down that damn free throw percent and just praying that it's at, like, 55 to 60, and he doesn't take more than 3 of them. But, you know, it happens. And you gotta hope the field goal percent is fine, which it usually is. It usually is okay. Yeah, that 1 year mix in there where he couldn't shoot the ball. Those were the cavaliers in 2020. It was a half a season. Mostly, he's, you know, mid fifties. So punt free throw, this is an absolute no brainer. But I think even without that, you gotta be in front of this one to see how it plays out. Because if suddenly the bulls are just like, you know what? Screw it. We're going jumbo package the rest of the year, and Drummond's playing 26, 27 minutes, then he's dominating. Fantasy, reality, whatever. He doesn't really have a year that you could just say you could point at and say, oh, here's a season he played 27 minutes. The closest would be somewhere between that Lakers and Cavs split 2020 to 2021. That was the, planned shortened season. He was at 25 minutes with the lakers. He was at 29 with the cavs. Played about the same number of games with each. So in about 27 minutes a game and, again, we you know, we may be overextending ourselves a tiny bit here. He averaged about 14 points and a dozen rebounds. You don't think that plays? That plays. Next name on the ads board is Buddy Heald, and that's a direct result of the trade deadline. Some of this stuff is trade deadline related, and some of it isn't. Drummond is not, Buddy Heel is. Could he turn into a pumpkin when Joel Embiid comes back? That's a distinct possibility. But, look, Sixers also moved Pat Beverley. They brought in campaign who seems likely to play less than Beverly. Beverly is a better basketball player than, Cameron Payne is. Yeah. The Anthony Mountain is due back at some point here, but the sixers need some spacing. And I expect look. They went out and they got this guy. This is a dude they were aiming for. They wanted to get Buddy healed. He's gonna play. He's gonna play. He's gonna shoot. And when he plays and shoots, he's a fantasy asset. So make sure he's on every roster as far as the eye can see because, look, Embiid is probably not coming back any sooner than at least 6 weeks from now. Probably more like 8. So you're kinda talking about he'll like, he's basically just a rest of season guy. Do I need to go into that much detail here? Do people think he's gonna get less than, like, 26, 27 minutes? I don't. It seems like they went and got him. I'm gonna jump around in this list a little bit. These lists that I write up, if you're watching the video, is just the order that I look at teams as I'm scanning the NBA to make sure that I get all the names possible into these shows. Marvin Bagley is the next one. Also trade deadline related. He is injured right now dealing with a low back thing, which could be a game, could be 2, could be 5. We don't actually really know. But when he comes back, I expect Bagley to be the starting center on that Wizards team. And while I admit I loathe Marvin Bagley's fantasy game, it requires a lot for him to actually get to a playable number, meaning how many minutes does he have to play to be fantasy relevant, he basically needs full starters minutes unimpeded unimpeded. And there aren't that many spots. Like, there really isn't a time in his career that he's had full starters minutes unimpeded. Even back in Sacramento when he was young and he was this fresh new thing that they took instead of possible superstars all around him. Whoopsies. Even then, you know, some days it was 30 minutes, and some days it was 20. It's gotta be 30 every day for Bagley did Fantasy Valley because he's a bad foul shooter. His field goal percent is a bit unpredictable. It's been very good this year. But throughout his career, it's kinda bounced between, like, 46 and 53, and it's hard to honestly, it's hard to know which iteration you're gonna get. The rebounds are fine. You know, a little bit starters slightly sub starters minutes, he can still get you, like, 7 of them. But the steals and blocks, generally not all that great. They were okay right at the very beginning of his career. It's weird to say that he's kind of in the middle of it now, but you're talking about 1 combined in substarters minutes. And that's why there needs to be more, because this is a guy who in, you know, 20 some odd ish minutes a game. What's he at this year right now? Bagley in 20 minutes a game, he's outside the top 250. So he isn't even in the vicinity of Fantasy value. And that's why we're talking. He really needs, like, a 60% bump over what he's doing right now to hit Fantasy value. He's gotta go from 20 to, like, 32. It's a big, big leap. Because then, presumably, the field goal percent will be a notable positive. Now he's at 7 and a half field goal attempts per game right now, adding another 60% to that, which I wanna make sure I'm doing this right, is about another 4 shots per game. So 7a half goes to, like, 11a half or 12. The free throw becomes a bigger negative. That's true. But points goes from 11 to 17. Rebounds goes from 5a half to, like, 8, 8 plus. Assists don't change all that much. 1 to maybe 1a half. Steals goes from 0.3 to 0.5. Blocks goes from 0.5 to 0.7. These things matter. They don't seem like a lot, but those matter on the sort of small counting stats. So now you're talking about somebody who's at 17 and 9 with 1.2 defensive stats that is helpful in field goal percent. So he's gotta get all the way to full kinda maxed out starters minutes, which even when he's healthy might not happen, but I don't want us to be behind on this one. What's the possibility that it doesn't happen? Possibility that it doesn't happen is that Rashaun Holmes gets 20 minutes, and that keeps Bagley stuck at 27 or 28, which might look good. He'll have some 20 and 10 games mixed in there, but the awful percentages and the, you know, 12 and 6 games blended in with poor defensive stats, that will sag that down. You gotta remember law of averages. Law of averages on Marvin Bagley. Evita Zubaz is also on the ads board. I I think he's generally been readded. We got dropped in a lot of spots because his timeline on the calf thing was, super nebulous, and then he just showed back up again. And now let's talk about the Grizzlies. I jumped over the Grizzlies because they're a, super complicated team right now. And our, our buddy David Williams, who had to miss the trade deadline show yesterday because he has flu b, is, he's in recovery now, and he wants us talking grizzlies. Alright. That's fair. Let's talk grizzlies. So, Memphis yesterday you know, I think this this loss to Chicago at home for the grizzlies was a decent example of what to expect from Memphis going forward. Meaning, Vince Williams started, played 37 minutes. He's a must play at every format. J j j, until he gets shut down, started, took 22 shots, must play in every format. And beyond that, there are some question marks. Let's start with Santi Aldama. He played 37 minutes yesterday. If he gets 13 shots a game, he's very much a start, provided he doesn't, you know, have, like, 42, 65 splits like earlier this year, and it's much more like 45, 75. So more like last year, you know, mid to high forties from the field, mid seventies from the free throw line. You can stomach those size negatives in the percentages. You cannot stomach 42 and 60 something. If if that's where the percentages end up, Aldama will be a drop. I wanna be perfectly clear. I remain somewhat bullish on him though this season. I don't think he's gonna be a factor as the grizzlies get healthy in following years. But right now, especially with JJJ still kinda lingering out there as a shutdown risk, and he will at some point, I I I don't think Aldama is old enough or skilled enough to be part of the shutdown brigade. He might get some games off here and there if he's feeling sore in any capacity, and that'll be the case for pretty much anybody on the team. But if he's upright, healthy, not in foul trouble, and not playing horrendously on a given night, he should see starters minutes as well. Jacob Gilliard is a no for me. Trey Jamieson is a no for me. Jon Konchar is a no for me unless a couple other guys end up missing some time. He just doesn't really wanna shoot. So that gets us down to 2 names on the board that I haven't talked about yet. Those players are Gigi Jackson and Scottie Pippen Junior. And I'll admit, I think the verdict is actually still out on both of these guys for 9 cat. Scottie Pippen junior has a better 9 cat game than Gigi Jackson. More assists, more defensive stats. I would venture to guess on a night to night basis, slightly less rough percentages because he's less of a ball chucker. Pippen Junior's at 50 and 71 on the percentages right now, so the field goal percent actually is helping a tiny bit. Free throw, not so much. Gigi Jackson is at 43 and 71, so hurting you in both. But Jackson is also seemingly more likely to have the higher usage the rest of the way. So we kinda have to try to balance these two things in our minds. Can Gigi do enough in the fire it away department to overcome the fact that, yeah, I'm you know, yesterday, he had good percentages. 50 and, 5 for 6 at the free throw line. Great. That's a one game sample size over the season so far. And, again, this can change because he's young and it's not like he's played all that much. The 4371, probably a better indicator of what to expect at least the rest of this year. Whereas with Pippen, the 5071, negative in one, very small positive in the other, has made him much closer to a fantasy play. It shouldn't be surprising that Scottie Pippen junior is number 170 in 9 cat in 22 minutes, and Gigi Jackson in the same number of minutes is outside the top 200, which doesn't separate them by all that much. Players in that range are are pretty close in ranking. But here's the thing. Pippen Junior gets assists. He gets steals. Not that many threes, but some. Gigi Jackson is gonna be more scoring, more threes. I think he's a little bit sort of unseasonably high in blocks. That feels fluky, so fewer defensive stats. I'm spending a lot of time on this. I know. The point I wanna make is I think I would prefer if I'm talking about Roto games cap, I don't think I'm playing either of them. Head to head, Gigi Jackson is probably the safer play just because he's gonna go get you a bunch of counting stats every day. Pippen's minutes have been a little bit more in flux lately. If you're looking for the better roto guy, the one that's less likely to hurt you on any given day, that's Pippen. If you're looking for the can I catch lightning in a bottle guy, which tends to play up a little bit on head to head, you know, if you're punting a particular percentages, that plays up also on the head to head side? That's Gigi Jackson. So I don't think there's a correct answer for everyone between these two guys. You guys know me. I'm more of a 9 cat guy, meaning I don't punt all that often unless I have to. I play a lot of roto as well. I play both. So for me, I prefer Scottie Pippen junior in 9 cat. Points leagues, Gigi Jackson is a must add guy. Gotta throw that caveat in at the end because who cares if he's chucking and missing? Because if he's out there getting a ton a ton of usage, that just plays in points leagues. Those are the ads of the week. Opportunity here mid show to remind you guys to check out our buddies atmanscaped.com. Valentine's Day is coming up. Great time to get yourself some, hedging tools and deal with your various hairs, whatever shape they may be. For me, I don't know if you guys noticed, but I did clean up my neck for yesterday's trade deadline show. I sort of brought in the the beard a little bit also. I wanted to be, look professional. I put on a collared shirt. It, the golf term is that that'll play. And that played for me for the second half of my day as well, because then I had to go do some play by play stuff, and I looked professional for that as well. The nice thing about Manscaped is you will not have to get sideburn trimmers the rest of your life. So check out their website. They've got some sweet, sweet goods. It's Ethos 20. That's the promo code. Ethos 20. Gets you 20% off and free shipping on your order over atmanscaped.com. Also, mid show reminder at Dan Bespris on social at d a n b e s b r I s. Please take a second, if you're liking what we're doing here, to like, rate, and subscribe. That's the big button. Subscribe no matter how you're taking in our various podcasts and contents, follows, and subscriptions. That is the way that we push this boat out into the ocean, but I need you guys to actually be the ones clicking the button to do it. Holds. It's a big font for you guys. I can go big on the font when there aren't that many names. Cam Johnson is a hold. Luckily, he's been playing better prior to the injury, so that I think made this one a little bit simpler. Week and a half ago, I would have had to beg you guys to hold Cam Johnson. I don't think we need to do that right now. The nets got thinner at the deadline. They brought in Dennis Schroder and Thad Young, but they sent out Royce O'Neil. They sent out Spencer Dinwiddie. I don't think Ben Simmons is gonna last the rest of the year, but even if he does, I actually don't think that that hurts Cam Johnson at all. In fact, it may even get him more open looks. His aggression has been better since he started shooting the ball well again 3, 4 games back. Hopefully, he doesn't have to miss much more time. But, look, if you go for the full season run right now, he's ranked right next to Darius Garland, and ain't nobody asking about starting him night tonight. So leave me alone on the Cam Johnson front. Leave me alone. He'll be fine. Hold and start frankly. Terry Rozier is a hold. I'm not sure he needed to be on here either. This is more for posterity, starting to put up some numbers in Miami. They're not outstanding, but, you know, they'll get it done. And, this one's this one's a weirder one. I threw Sadiq Bey on this list because, not because I think he's good, but because I think he's warming up. He's been awful, like career worst in quarter 3 point percentage where he was, like, pretty good actually prior to this season. And, yeah, it's possible that he's just terrible from the corner the whole year. Guys have up years and down years. But it seems like he's been shooting the ball better last couple of games. He's got some confidence back, and that would actually go a long way towards sort of fending off Deandre Hunter, and and or Bogdan Bogdanovic, honestly. Because if Sadik Bey suddenly goes on a heater, he'll just get more playing time. So I don't know that he's gonna be a hold the rest of the season, but if he's about to go on a warm run, that buys him a little bit of time even as the hawks get healthy. So this one's a more of a temporary play. Here's the I'm scared board. Caris LeVert, I believe he's a drop. Max Struss, I think he's finally a drop. I'm getting I'm beyond irritated with the field goal percent. I know he gets you rebounds, and he gets you assists, and he gets you some steals, he gets you some blocks, and the minutes have been pretty good, but he just can't consistently hit shots. I never thought he was gonna get up to 50%, but I thought we could get to, like, 42, 43. And it just doesn't seem like it's in the cards. I know he's number 1 11, so, technically, he should be a start, but he's at 40 a half percent from the field. And, honestly, it just hurts too much. Field goal per or the free throw percent is weirdly low also. So I keep looking at him like, surely, these are going to improve, and then they just haven't. I mean, this was a guy who shot 88% of the foul line last year, 79 the year before that. So maybe that was the maybe the 88 was the outlier, but 78 feels low, and 40a half from the field feels low. And, frankly, 34 from 3 point land feels low. He's a 35 last year and 41 the year before that. Some of that's that Miami magic. I just know the second that I put him on this board as someone that I'm probably dropping, he's gonna start cooking for a few weeks again. But, you know, it is what it is. I gotta go with the data that's in front of me. Jalen Suggs, Markelle Fultz. Someone was asking me why I'm not higher on these guys. It's the inconsistency more than anything. Suggs has been pretty decent the last few weeks or felt like it. And even despite that, he's, what, like, 150 range to 2 steals per ball game because he's shooting 38% from the field and 63 at the free throw line. And then Fultz, who's actually been a little bit better over that run, he's at 53% from the field and 1.7 steals per game. These guys are both basically just steals streamers. The reason Fultz is ranked higher is because he hasn't been that brutally horrible in the percentages. We're talking about a guy averaging 9 and a half points, 3 and a half assists, and then just a bunch of steals. And that's why I'm not higher. It's sort of an unsustainable model that, frankly, if you extrapolated that fantasy line over an entire year, you wouldn't be ranked as high as he is right now. It's sort of a it's kind of like the small sample size board effect as opposed to, like, is he doing something over a small sample size? No. It's what everybody else is doing, and now that's how he ends up ranked as high as he is. I'm putting Ben Simmons on this list because, honestly, I just don't wanna deal with him. I don't wanna deal with him. Head to head side, he's gonna get a lot of days off. This is gonna be a very slow molasses speed ramp up for his minutes per game. I don't know when he's gonna get to 26, 27 minutes. And even then, he wasn't inside the top 100 earlier this year. Roto, if you really wanna hold on, you can treat him like an injured player and just leave him on your bench for the next 2 to 3 weeks, see if his minutes trend up far enough. I I the throwback moment here. I don't know if you guys remember the 1st years of this podcast with my buddy, Vince Miracle, where we had a sound effect for someone else's headache. We stamped him. We stamped him for the s e h, someone else's headache. Ben Simmons right now is an s e h. Stamped you. I don't wanna deal with it. And then boy Bogdanovic, this is an I'm nervous play right now. The Knicks are luckily so thin at the moment that he'll probably play and shoot a bunch for the next couple of weeks. But as OG Anadobee comes back from his elbow surgery and then when Julius Randle comes back, the job is just gonna slowly shrink. The walls are gonna kinda come in on Bogdanovic. And, similarly, they're probably gonna come in on Josh Hart. They're probably gonna come in on Dante DiVincenzo. There are 4 guys for the Knicks that weren't there in their last ballgame that are just gonna slowly trickle in. Like, you get boy on and Burke's coming in. And then, you know, couple weeks down the line, you'll have OG come back. Like, they said reevaluate it in 3 weeks. And then a week or 2 after that, you'll have Randall back. And so, yeah, you can ride guys for whatever length of time, a week here, a week there, sort of do it until you do it. And, yeah, maybe William Bogdanovic gives you another couple of weeks here. So this is not a drop. This is an I'm nervous. This is a look ahead kinda thing, and I probably should notate that when it's a little more clear. So Bojan, not a drop yet. Lavert is a drop. Struce, a drop. Simmons, a headache. Suggs, droppable. Fultz, I believe, droppable. And that I maybe gave a little bit more context to that board. Your watch list, we already talked about Scottie Pippen Junior. The other three names on my watch list are Josh Green in Dallas. I think he's just sort of playing over his head right now, so I don't think I'm adding him. Cory Kispert in Washington, who is just chucking away right now. I don't know if the Wizards pull the plug on anybody. Like, maybe Kuzma gets some days off. I'd love for them to just take Jordan Poole out of the lineup altogether. They didn't trade Tyus Jones. I was all ready to make Corey Kispert a trade deadline ad because I thought for sure when Gafford got moved, that meant that, Tyus was right behind him, and it just you know, you knew he needed to open up some more stuff. But keep an eye on Kispert. Suddenly, he's out there, and he's just taking a whole bunch of shots. And if that somehow sticks, that'd be a pretty good three point scoring type, but I I think we need to see it for at least a few more games. And then Gordon Hayward with a parenthetical remark, and the parenthetical remark for those that are listening and not watching is the word black. I don't like Gordon Hayward. He's still multiple weeks away, but we'll put him on the watch list just in case. There's, like, a 2% chance that he ends up as a 12 teamer. That's not 0, though. Quick update on the stream while warm guys. Also, I I've you know what? I meant to add something so you guys can watch me do it. I'm I wanna call these guys the stream while warm or sell while hot group. So some of these guys get hot. Some of them get real hot, and then you could cash them in. I'll try to distinguish between the 2 if possible. Bobby Portis, he's a stream while warm. No one's gonna buy on him. Nasrid, same. Avdiya, we might be able to sell him when he gets hot. Clarkson's definitely a sell while hot guy. Because remember, like, a week and a half ago, Jordan Clarkson was averaging, like, 30 points a game for a few days, and suddenly everybody was like, oh, this is gonna last the whole year. And then it didn't. RJ Barrett, same general thing. Someone in my Twitter mentions was like, the disrespect. And I'm like, what? What do you mean the disrespect? He's just super streaky, and he's not going to magically become a 55% shooter. He's gonna run hot, and he's gonna run cold. And he's hot these days. So do it, man. See what you can get. Think of the, what has it been? About a month since he got traded? A little less than that. He's averaging, like, 23, 64 over that stretch on 54% shooting. And he's barely inside the top 100 because he's a free throw tank. Turnovers are high. Steals and blocks are not all that outstanding. They're they're okay. That's the thing. If you can find a punt free throw team or if you're on a punt free throw team, obviously, you could stomach it a little bit better. If you're a punt both percentages team, you could stomach it a lot better. But just realize, he's not just gonna shoot 54% the rest of the year. It's one of the clearest sell highs. So go get something for him. Because there are people out there that are yelling at me that I'm disrespecting him by saying to sell when he's hot, which I don't understand how that's disrespect. This is just a very streaky dude. We've known this for years. It's not disrespectful to just say what it is. But when he gets super hot like this, it lasts long enough sometimes that people are like, maybe this is the moment. Even though we're, like, a decade into it not being the moment. Kevin Hurter, I don't think you're gonna be able to sell on him, so probably just ride it out. Same story for Malik Monk. Jeremy Sohan, he'll probably get hot again at some point in the next 2 months like he was for a couple weeks, and you're gonna get people saying the same thing. And, look, it doesn't I don't want I don't want you guys listening to to think that I'm, like, calling you a name for believing in it when you see it. It's just that these things, they happen in a rotation, a grand dance. Guys get hot for long enough. Sometimes, like, they hit this this this needle tip point where some people start to go, maybe it's real this time. And that's the moment when you can sell. Jalen Green, same thing. Although, with Freddie VanVleet out, maybe maybe you ride it. But, man, if the percentages come back off again, you get crushed. And same story for Cam Thomas. He got so hot. He got so hot that people were just like, yes. This is it. He's gonna be top 40 forever. And then he started shooting 22% on massive volume, and we're like, oh, no. It's not. So these guys get hot. See what you can get. There's sort of like an honorable mention to Jonathan Kuminga on this list, but I also think that he's probably he's good enough to maintain a 9 Cats start. So he's a play all the time, but more of a more of a traditional sell high as opposed to, like, this sell high streamer group that I felt like I needed to separate from the pack. Injury replacements. This is a fast one because we just get to tell you who the names are and who they're replacing. Dasungu, I still think is worth playing, even though we've got this Andre Drummond thing going on. That's with Pat, Patrick Williams and and Zach LaVine out for the year. Patrick Williams not out for the year. Zach LaVine out for the year. Eric Gordon, I loathe streaming him, but he did have a good ball game yesterday. He's, with Devin Booker out. Josh Hart for OG Anunoby, Precious Achiua for Julius Randle, and now Isaiah Hartenstein. Miles Deuce McBride for Jalen Brunson. Paul Reed and Kelly Oubre junior for Joel Embiid. Although, you know, we'll see what happens there with Buddy Heald and, D'Anthony Melton coming back, what that does to Oubre. Al Horford, any Boston starter. Although I mentioned it on a show 2 days back. Horford is actually inside the top 90 on the year, mostly because he's had all of these fill in games. But that's actually a good enough number to just play him. Like, Roto, he should just be on rosters this year. Have him in on your bench if you want to for when somebody sits. Nick Richards, because Mark Williams is never coming back. They say he was gonna be reevaluated in 4 weeks. Mitch Kupchak was quoted as saying they expect him to play at some point this year. I don't know about that. And then with PJ Washington gone, one would hope that this helps Nick Richards a little bit. He'd been trending down pretty hard lately, so maybe this buys him a little bit of time. Brandon Podjemski with Klay Thompson out. It was Wiggins before that, and it was Klay before that. He may end up being playable even when the warriors are at full strength, but for right now, we're just gonna take this sort of conservative route and say he's a fill in until I see otherwise. Jae Crowder and Malik Beasley with Dame and Khris Middleton out, but now I think all of those guys Middleton is out. Dame is questionable. And if he plays, I think you just toss any of this this Bucks stuff out the window, which would make all of our lives easier. Great comment in the chat room. I'm gonna get this up in a minute. Great comment from Jeff. Matisse Stiebel and Jabari Walker in Portland because they were missing 4 guys in this last ballgame. If I can remember which ones. No Shaden Sharp. No Malcolm Brogdon. No Scoot, and then Simons went down mid game. Oh, and no Deandre Ayton and no Duop Reath. So, actually, it was 6. You guys are asking me how many guys I think needed to be hurt for Jabari Walker to have value, and I said 3. Well, 6 will get it done. Same story for Thibault. But if half of those guys come back in the next ballgame, I don't think that I would take the plunge. I presume that Rashaun Holmes is gonna put up some numbers in Washington while Marvin Bagley's out because he's the only center on the whole damn roster. And even if Holmes is sort of, like, a shell version of previous Holmes, he he'll have almost no choice but to log mid 20 or higher in minutes, and that's kind of double double good percentages, steal block kinda thing. I don't think you're gonna blow anybody away, but maybe he goes into and I said it on the trade deadline show. Maybe he ends up here in basketball hell and kind of reinvigorates himself with no pressure. He's in a no pressure spot right now. Larry Nance junior is a play with Jonas Valancunas. Questionable. So if he plays, don't do it. And if JV doesn't play, then you can stream Nance. And Ahman Thompson, who I almost forgot about, but I snuck him in there at very end of the list. This is with Freddie VanVleet out. Dillon Brooks might also be a fill in with VanVleet out, but I have trouble trusting Dillon Brooks as we all probably should. And here's the, hilarious post that I wanted to get on there. Bay's numbers won't improve if you keep calling him surely. This is an airplane reference. Well done, Jeff. I enjoyed that immensely. And here is the final board that I had to add for this week, and we'll spend a minute or 2 on this one. This board is called the trade deadline names of intrigue. Some of them we've already talked about, so we can zip past those like Marvin Bagley. Others, we have not. In fact, most of them we have not. Gary Trent junior is a name of intrigue, because Dennis Schroder got shipped out from the Raptors. They brought in Spencer Dinwiddie and waived him. So, the Raptors basically just cleared out minutes. Gary Trent was starting already. Does he continue to start with Ochaya Baji and Kelly Olynyk in town who you know what? Damn it. I forgot to put them on the list here. Let me add, Gary Trent junior, Kelly Olynyk. I I'm not super invested in Obagi. I don't think he's gonna play enough or do enough. But Kelly Olynyk damn, man. I I feel bad. He should have been in the ads board. Everybody, we're going back to the top of the sheet. We're going back to the top of the sheet, and we're adding Kelly Olynyk to my ads board. So let's talk about Kelly, and Gary Trent junior. I think Olynyk is gonna play 25 minutes in Toronto because they're so small without him, and he's a floor spacing ball moving big man who there's no reason he shouldn't he couldn't play alongside Dennis Schroder. It would give Scottie Barnes some opportunity to play the 3. They could play Kelly at those backup center minutes as well. It just feels like, you know, Jakob Poeltl what is he gonna play? 29 minutes or something like that? What's Poeltl at on the year? I should talk look this up before I say. He's at 29 minutes right now. That leaves 19 backup center minutes, which are basically all gonna belong to Olenek now. So if he gets 6 power forward minutes, I think that probably makes him a top 100 guy. You know, Olenek is inside the top 200 this year in 18 minutes a game because he's at 7 boards, 5 boards, 5 assists, and he hasn't gotten that's over the last couple of weeks. Excuse me. Not on the year. I should be more clear here. He's number 152 in 20 minutes on the year on 8, 5, and 4 with, frankly, lower steals and blocks than I would have expected, but a positive in both percentages. This is another situation where we just say, okay. Let's add 20 to 30% to what he's doing here. 20% of 8 is 1.6. 25% would be 2. So now he's at 10 points. You add a rebound. You add an assist. You add point 1 to point 2 steals, probably point 1a half. Now you're talking about 10, 6, and 5 with over over a 3 pointer, nearest steal, probably more blocks, honestly, and positives in both percentages. That that's definitely a guy that's inside the top 100 unquestionably. And to me, there's room for growth on top of that. But does that mean that if the team wants to go big, does that ice out Gary Trent Junior? Yeah. It would. I don't think that both of these guys can be winners, Trent Junior and Olinic. I think it's gonna have to be either 1, the other, or neither if they just sort of cannibalize each other around the guys the Raptors are definitely gonna play, like Quickley and Barrett and Purdle and Barnes. But, again, those 4 guys, what, altogether, I I we could just look up the numbers here. They're probably somewhere around a 120 ish, say 4 times 30, a 120 to a 130 minutes, and that leaves a lot of minutes on the table. You know, 48 times 5 is 240. And those 4 guys, even if we very liberally say they all play 35 minutes a game, is only a 140. So there's plenty of ways to squeeze enough minutes to Kelly Olynyk to get him to Fantasy value. You need more to get Gary Trent there, but that's why he's a name of intrigue. I added Olynyk in a few spots, specifically 9 cat Roto where his game really plays up. Gary Trent, I have in a couple of spots. I'm a little bit less bullish on him, and that's why he's more of a name of intrigue as is Dennis Schroder, who I think is probably gonna end up as an ad in a playable guy in Brooklyn. We don't know for sure if he's just gonna get a stranglehold on the starter's minutes. Could he end up splitting them with Dennis Smith junior, who's also, by the way, on this, trade deadline names of intrigue board? DSJ, I think, is more of a watch guy. Schroeder's probably more of a of an ad stash guy to see how this goes. Walker Kessler and John Collins are both going to world beat in Utah for the foreseeable future. And now I am beyond pissed at myself for dropping John Collins in the one league I had him in, because he just stepped into even more center minutes. And he was doing enough barely in the center minutes he was getting before this, but now a Linux gone, and that opens up 20 minutes, basically, of big man stuff in Utah. And they're not gonna just give all that to Taylor Hendrix. He'll get more of the Abbaji stuff. Kessler use I mean, we saw it in yesterday's game, and I know Utah has some guys that are, on the on the way in. But Walker Kessler played 27 minutes, and John Collins played 30 in yesterday's loss in Phoenix. And they both put up colossal fantasy lines. Anyway, it might not always be this outstanding, but Walker Kessler could easily be a top 50 guy the rest of the way. John Collins could easily be a top 75 guy the rest of the way, and that's those are pretty big wins. Chris Dunn, Keontae George, other Utah names that I'm more keeping a watch on. George played 30 minutes, but he has those young ball handler issues, so he'll probably play up a little bit for points league style. Chris Dunn is more of a 9 cat kinda guy because he doesn't score very much, but he does a bunch of other stuff. As I've said before, if if Utah runs Chris Dunn out there for 24 minutes or more every game, I would probably add him. It just hasn't been that reliably consistent lately. It's been close. Last month, he's at 20 minutes per game. Last 2 weeks, he's at where the hell is he at his last 2 weeks? Is he still at 20 over that stretch, or did my Internet just chunk out? 24 minutes over the last week, and he's number 100. So barely repeatable, but watchable. Detroit has four names that are on the names of intrigue board. Asar Thompson, who, probably should have been back on the ads table also. How did I do this twice? Did I miss maybe I was like, oh, don't worry, Dan. You put him on the players of Intrigue list. You don't have to put him on anything else. Let's get Aasir on the on the ads board. Although, I will admit, I have some fears still about how his game is gonna hold up as the energy now is just not the same as it was the beginning of the year. But Thompson is kind of an ad first kind of intrigued name. And then the other names on this, I think, are probably more watch listy. Although Marcus Sasser had a nice game for Detroit yesterday in their overtime win in Portland. He took 13 shots and had 17 points and 11 assists, which, yeah, probably not a number that pops up every game. Yeah. We saw Sasser earlier this year. He profiles as a, more of a 3 point type guy. The 16 minutes a game on the season, he's at 8 points, 3 assists. I don't think that's a thing that just sort of doubles to 16 and 6. Could the steals get from half a steal to, like, to 1? Maybe. I like the fact that he's not a negative in free throw percent. That's helpful for guys that are, young, and he's a rookie. And he's played big minutes in 2 games in a row, and the numbers have been okay, but not outstanding, and that, you know, that 11 assist game is such a massive outlier for him that I almost feel like we have to just dump it. So I like Sasser. I think he'd be probably the first guy to look at in Detroit here. Quentin Grimes is hurt. He's a guy that I do wanna see how he does in Detroit, because it feels like the way they're talking about the return on the boy and Bogdanovic deal, I think they're gonna play him, but he also has some stuff, some issues with his fantasy game. And then Simone Fontecchio, who they got from Utah, is also probably gonna play a little bit. And then do these guys all just sort of eat up each other's buckets? That's also a possibility. There's a very real chance that none of these guys ends up with value because Detroit got some young guys that can shoot, and they're gonna sort of see which of them fit better. If I had to guess, I'd say the odds among these 4 players that they have value down the stretch, Thompson would be number 1, Sasser number 2, Grimes number 3 once he's healthy, and then Fontecchio number 4. But I could get that completely backwards, and it wouldn't surprise me. And then the Hornets are the last, deadline team of intrigue. Cody Martin, who is going to go crazy, intrigue. Cody Martin, who is going to go crazy while nobody's there, which, I think we heard that nobody none of the new Hornets are suiting up for their game tonight. Right? Yeah. They're in Milwaukee, and I think the news broke that the, you know, the players haven't all passed their physicals and stuff like that. But if you look at back at the Hornets' most recent ball game, Cody Martin, he left and came back in the middle of that one or the minutes could have potentially been a little bit higher. But this is a team that, sent out PJ Washington from that team that we saw on I guess that'd be Wednesday night, and PJ played 31 minutes. So this is really a who's who of who? So Miles Bridges is gonna take 30 shots. Like, it's just gonna be wild. Brandon Miller's gonna take 20 shots. I'm exaggerating a little bit. And then as much as Cody Martin doesn't want to be a feature offensive guy for the next game, one game, he's kinda gonna have no choice. So this is one of those things. I I've referred to it before. I haven't been able to use this term all that much this season. I don't know why. I think, probably just bad luck. But do you guys remember the term streamer with benefits? We use that a lot during sort of the COVID era where guys were coming and going, and we had no idea who was gonna stick in a lineup. And if they ended up with long COVID, they might just sort of, like, lose their job for a while. Streamer with benefits was a term that I coined 2 seasons back to to basically talk about kind of like the Wally Pipp situation, which maybe now I need to go even farther back. Wally Pipp was a baseball player in, the 19 or the teens, I think, the 19 teens and the early 19 twenties who is best known for getting hurt and losing his starting job to Lou Gehrig. It's not a thing that happens all that much. And the reason it was notable for Wally Pipp, is because he was actually very good. He wasn't bad. It wasn't like he was a bad baseball player. He got hurt, and then he just got passed by an all world baseball player. That kind of describes this whole idea of the streamer with benefits. As in, is Cody Martin a terrible basketball player? No. But, was the guy in front of him, like, all world? No. And and the the parallels drop a little when you're like, oh, is Cody Martin Lou Lou Gehrig? No. But it's a situation where a job opened up for him for reasons that didn't really have much to do with him. That's the parallel. Lou Gehrig wasn't the starter. Got the job because somebody just got hurt. Cody Martin, not really a stud, but has a job now because half the team is hurt and the other half got traded. And there's some overlap there. Gordon Hayward is both hurt and traded. What's Cody Martin gonna do when LaMelo Ball comes back? Or when Trey Man shows up? Or Mitchich or whoever is rolling into Charlotte these days? We don't know. But there's a nonzero chance that he keeps the job and keeps doing stuff. And so it's one of those things where if you saved your moves all week, it doesn't really hurt you to pick up Martin right now. You know? Like, you know he's gonna be good for 1 game, and then there's a chance that he's good for more than that. We just don't know. Could he be good the rest of the season? Maybe. What is good? What are we even trying for with Martin? Because so far this year, his percentages have been really, really bad. Is he a 45% shooter from the field, or is he 39? Because that's what he's been so far this year. He's a bad foul shooter. He gets steals and blocks and assists and boards a little bit. Don't score all that much. So then you look at this last ball game, you're like, well, 19 5 and 8. That's a guy who had to do some stuff. Why did I not pick him up in a bunch of leagues myself? Well, because I don't trust those percentages. And I also think that at some point, he sort of repumpkin ifies. But there is a chance that he's a streamer with benefits, someone who just has to do a ton for one night that then ends up sort of falling in love with doing more stuff. And then Trey Mann is another name of intrigue. I am not as high on him as, some others. And the only reason I know that others are high is because people keep asking me why I'm not higher on him, and I keep getting yelled at on Twitter about it. I think Trae Mann might be a guy that perhaps profiles better as a points league option because he is a, I'm always shooting 50% from the field this year, but small sample size is the understatement of the universe. He's done that in 13 games, and I think he's taken a total of 40 shots. I think he's 20 for 40 this year. Yeah. That ain't much. Previous 2 seasons where he actually played more for the thunder, he was shooting 39%. Exact same percentage both years, by the way. 39.3. He's a sub 80% foul shooter. He didn't rebound very much. Doesn't assist all that much. Might get you some steals? That's a possibility. I don't think we know for sure. Doesn't block shots. So what's the best case scenario here for him? 15 points, 3 boards, 2 assists, and a steal on bad percentages, that would probably play in points leagues that would not play in 9 cat. So that's why I haven't been, higher on Trey Mann. But I am in a, a a you guys know I call it sort of my goofy league. I'm in a goofy league, and former, hoop baller Josh Millman picked up Trey Mann in that one, because maybe free throw and field goal volume push him over the the hump. 9 Cat? I don't think so. And that, I believe yeah. That's our board for the week. I am gonna try to get a show to you guys over the weekend. I don't think it's gonna be tomorrow. Tomorrow's gonna be exceptionally busy day. We've got some kids stuff in the morning. I've got some more play by play in the afternoon and evening. But let's see. You know what? You guys can watch me check my phone to see what the family calendar looks like for Sunday. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That doesn't look too bad. Sunday's pretty open. I think I'll get you guys a show on Sunday. How do you like that? Because I really would like to get some information out there about what we see tonight and tomorrow as players start to make their debuts. But, again, like you heard, with Charlotte, when the hell does Charlotte have another game? Do they they're not on a back to back, are they? That'll be really nice. They are on a back to back. So you probably see the new players on Saturday there. So that's good. You'll probably see the new Brooklyn players on Saturday. You'll probably see the new Toronto players, I'm guessing, on Saturday. So a lot of these teams have a back to back today tomorrow, that had changes. Meaning, we might not get the information today, but we might get it tomorrow. So a show on Sunday would be, I think, a really good time to kinda dig in and, and get you guys some a report on that. We'll probably see the new Pistons on Saturday as well. That's gonna be a critical day to see what's going on, and we'll probably make some moves that night as well. And if you guys wanna know what moves we're making immediately, that's what social media is for. Come on over. Atdanvespress. Atdanvespress. On Twitter, I'll try to get you guys the goods as the games are ending. And, again, I say it now, I really do think that Saturday's card is going to be a difference maker for us down the stretch. There are long you guys know we talk about the ebb and the flow of a fantasy season. Sometimes we go 3, 4 weeks where the only pickups are because guys get hurt. This weekend is an opportunity to find rest of season players in a way that just hasn't really been a thing for the last 3 months. It's a critical time. Don't lose your focus Friday, Saturday just because you're going into a weekend or whatever, just because the trade deadline's done. Stay locked in. Something big is gonna pop up today or tomorrow. We're gonna wanna be there for it. Again, thank you everybody. Like, rate, subscribe. Like, rate, and subscribe. Those are those 3 big things I need you guys to take just 6 seconds to do it. I know it's it feels like a lot, but I promise you it's not. That's how we keep growing this thing. We're at an hour. I don't know why I did an hour long show after doing 9 yesterday. I need lunch. How about the rest of y'all? Anyway, at Danvers on social, we'll talk to you over there, and I'll see you guys, back here for a show on Sunday. Later.