Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Alright, folks. This is a get through it episode of Fantasy NBA Today. I am Dan Vasperis, and I have been sicker than sick. Still am by all accounts, but I'm up right now for the first time in about 2 days. It's been it's been a tough stretch. And the the real I mean, obviously, being terribly ill, has been crummy in and of itself. But today was supposed to be kind of a, and I I guess it still is. It's a big announcement day on the show, and I was hoping that I'd have the energy to really bring the heat and the fire, but I don't I don't I don't have the energy. I think over the last 2 full days, over the last 48 hours, I've consumed a slice of bread with some sun butter on it and a bowl of chicken broth and then, like, copious amounts of Pedialyte. It's been it's been a tough go. But the big news before we get into a little, weekend 30 team review is that, the sports ethos pod network is joining forces with the Believe pod network. And so you'll see over the next couple of weeks, our show is migrating over to the Believe platform. You'll probably see some, little logos get tossed in on things. You'll see some more cross promotional stuff. You could actually as far as, like, how you get the podcast, that shouldn't change at all. It should still just remain available on all the traditional podcast channels. We're just very excited to join forces with a, also, like us, relatively young organization. No sports ethos, Hoop Ball. We're only, like, 6, 7 years old. Believe, I think, is a little bit less than that or close to the same. And they have ways of helping power boost our stuff, And, we bring to them an array of sports teams and fantasy angles that, hopefully, they didn't have before. And, it's a symbiotic relationship. So very excited about that, even if it's not as obvious as it should be in the tone of my voice because I don't really have the strength to do this the way that it deserves to be done. But we are indeed very excited about that. I am Dan Vespers. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. We have a lot to cover, and I don't know when I'm gonna tucker out. So let's just dive straight into it. Please do like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff, and, let's start talking about the games over the weekend. As my kids beat the piss out of each other in the next room over. San Antonio at Cleveland, which is, this is a reverse chronological action. We'll go through all the games that happened yesterday. We'll go through the games that happened Saturday, and we'll just get you caught up basically on all the team's most recent activity. And then we'll put a pin in this one. I don't believe we're gonna have a weekly preview show this week. I I I I like, yeah. And I just this is no way I could do 2 shows today. Doing my best just to get through 1. But one of the big pieces of news over the weekend that I'm actually quite sad I was, too laid out on a bathroom floor to do anything about is that Trae Jones got a spot start in one ballgame for San Antonio when Malachi Branham was out. Branham came back, and Jones continued to start, which is something we were looking for, basically, all season because they're so so much better when he's running their point. And finally, pop was, like, alright. You know, we've pseudo tanked hard enough here. Let's go make ourselves a little bit competitive. And lo and behold, in the the starters were very good in this game. Starters were basically, like, a plus 11, plus 12 for the Spurs. In the game, they lost by 2. So then don't worry. The other guys can come in and muck it up at some point. But this feels like something that if the Spurs actually wanna be competitive and they wanna sort of get the best versions of Devin Vassell and Victor Wambayama in that starting 5, Trey Jones is someone that could stick possibly the rest of the season. Although, San Antonio changes their lineups every 4 games, so don't get too excited. But he's a must add play right now. And he's probably the biggest piece of news from, like, a non injury replacement standpoint from the last 2 to 3 days of basketball, so it's nice that we get to knock that out right from the outset. Keldon Johnson, as expected, has mostly fallen off. He's still scoring, but he's kind of turned back into last year's version of Keldon Johnson, which is outside the top 110. If he does what he does for your team and you're okay with that, that's fine. Devin Vassell has been markedly better of late. I know I say sell guys on the Spurs whenever they have good ball games, but Vassell again, with him with a point guard alongside of him, I have much greater trust. I don't know that he yeah. I mean, I guess what he's doing is relatively repeatable now that Kelvin Johnson's on the bench. So, I'm gonna take the sell high moniker off of Vassell, because I like how he fits in these lineups better than how he fit in the other ones. Jared Allen is into the forties in per game rank on the year. He's come on. We could have always knew that was gonna be the case, so that's good. Caris LeVert, good. Filling in for Darius Garland. Max Roos, I was hoping he would have a few games in a row where he shot the ball better. He's just he's slumping, man. I thought, you know, you figured that one game was gonna be the one to get him cooking, and it didn't really. But, luckily, he's getting boards. He's getting assists. He's getting defensive stats. There's no reason to move on. He's number 93 in 9 cat on the season. Everybody has slumps. It'll be okay. Portland at Brooklyn. Duwop wreath played 41 minutes. This hasn't been a consistent thing for him while filling in for Deandre Ayton, who, you know, I don't really know when he's gonna come back, but Reed's minutes have been all over the map. 32 missed 3 games and injuries, 62741. It really depends a lot on how he's playing on any given night. I I anybody that looks at this one ball game and is like, oh, he's a sure bet to be great in the next one. No. I mean, no. That's the no. That's not how it works. I think he probably qualifies as someone you could use as a fill in, see what happens, but don't expect it to be this good. And this was an overtime game on top of everything else. Jay McGrane, Anthony Simons, Shaden Sharp, 40 minutes off the bench. But when all of those guys and Scoot Henderson, when all of those guys are healthy, Malcolm Brogdon slides back into sort of that veteran leader role. You gotta figure Portland's gonna play Brogdon less leading up to the trade deadline, which I believe is a month away right now. And they're gonna wanna try to get something for him, and that'll be easier if he's healthy. So expect Malcolm Brogdon to continue to trend down with the blazers getting healthy. Henderson is going to very slowly continue to kinda figure things out. And you guys know my feelings on the rest of the dudes on that team, so I don't think we need to go over those all around again. McHale Bridges at 42. Playing the Blazers doesn't hurt, but he was also one of the easiest by low guys in the history of time. He'll probably have a few more good ball games as well. Deron Sharp got hurt. That means it's just gonna be more Nick Claxton. You'll see a little bit more Doreen Finney Smith as well when minutes open up at the big man spots. Finney Smith is not an ad. Cam Johnson continues to be okay. Dennis Smith junior is also worth mentioning. He's played really well for Brooklyn over the last 2 or 3 ball games, fouled out of this one in 29 minutes. Don't be too surprised if you see them run small and more Dennis Smith junior because he's been facilitating well. He didn't rebound in this ballgame, but he's pretty good rebounding guard, steals, gets those. I I don't think that he's what you call sort of, like, a must add. But I think from a speculative standpoint, I'm good with picking up Dennis Smith junior just to kinda see how it goes. And I make a mental note to myself, because I didn't really do anything for my fantasy teams. Lying on the bathroom floor, I got my phone in my hand. I'm just, like, okay. Let's make sure that all the superstars are in, and then went back to napping on the floor. New Orleans blew out Sacramento. I don't think you have to read too much into this ballgame. One thing I will say is that CJ McCollum is still number 21. He's sticking it right in my face with his 3 and a half threes, 2.1 defensive stats, and, just really good stuff all the way around. And he's he's steering that ship, and, Pels are pretty good when he's around. And then not surprisingly here, well, Zion was out for this ballgame, and then the blowout minute screwed everything up. But Herb Jones, we've seen he just when Trey Murphy is around, it's almost like he just doesn't do the stuff that he knows how to do. I can't figure. Anyway, again, move on from this ballgame. This game was over very early. Let's go to Atlanta. Orlando. Did you guys know Garrison Matthews was on the Hawks? I didn't know Garrison Matthews was on the Hawks. Anyway, he got hurt in this ballgame. Nothing else changes on the Atlanta side, not at least until Deandre Hunter comes back. Orlando, Caleb Houston filling in for Franz Wagner had 25 points and 7 3 pointers. I I mean, 7 for 14 from downtown in this ballgame. You simply can't expect that to happen on a day to day basis. No Wendell Carter junior in this one. So Batadze and Moe Wagner got bigger minutes, like, all that time when Wendell was out before. That usually meant that Gogo was playable, but we'll see if it's longer than a very short term thing. Jalen Suggs, still good. No problem there. Cole Anthony, had plenty to do, but it didn't do a whole lot with it. With Gary Harris out and with Franz Wagner out, you gotta assume that Cole Anthony should have enough to do, but then Markelle Fultz also came back, played 15 uninspiring minutes, but they'll work him back in slowly here. 2 boards, 4 assists, 1 steal. I'm not in the you need to stash faults group of people. I I I don't I don't know that he gets inside the top 100, especially with I mean, unless Orlando kinda thins the ranks a little bit, an injury has done a a tiny bit of that. But I also don't think they're gonna push faults coming off of an injury that cost him, what, like, 8 weeks? He hadn't played him forever. I don't think you need to stash faults in traditional 9 cat. I think it's gonna take a while to get him ramped up, but even once he is, I don't know that he he breaks the 100 mark. Dallas beat Minnesota, Kyrie Irving, who apparently, while he was hurt, decided he was gonna get a little bit more aggressive. I like that. He's number 13 now per game after a couple of big ones. The steals, the blocks, those were the things we were always looking at. He has always been a good steals blocks guard. Super efficient has always been his calling card, and you're starting to see that stuff happen. Still no Dante Exum. Derrick Jones junior did enough in this ballgame. He had a pretty good line. No Derek Lively again. And I said on a previous show, I get it. It's very hard to hold hold if you can on Lively, but I also understand if you can't. Dwight Powell's not an ad. Josh Green, you can kinda semi watch list, but I it just feels like they're really only missing, like, one well, Lively. They're really only missing one wing type right now, and that's Exum. When he comes back, does he start for Josh Green? Maybe. Is there enough when Luca and Kyrie are both healthy? I'm teetering slightly towards no. But if you have those guys, you might as well just, kinda, ride it out. And if you don't, then I don't know that I would race out there and try to do something with it. Let's keep moving. Memphis beat Phoenix behind a 19 and 9 off the bench from Vince Williams. Go figure. No jaw in this ballgame. Marcus Smart has had 2 good ones in a row. I oh, what did I say last time? I remain not fully convinced that, that Smart is gonna be inside the top 100. He's had these 2 giant games against the Lakers and then the Suns. But when Ja is healthy, I know he was for the Laker game. But when Ja is right, we saw Smart really wasn't doing all that much. And, you know, guys can get hot. They can hit what did he he said, hit, like, 12 three pointers in his last two ball games. I think you're gonna see him get some steals for sure, a handful of assists here and there. It's it's all about where the dust settles on Marcus Smart. And I if I had to guess, I probably put him in kinda just outside the top 100, which is probably rostorable in most formats. You know, so you have 1 or 2 good ball games, he bounces inside. 2 or 3 bad ball games, he bounces back outside of it. You're not gonna be able to figure out what day those are gonna be. Obviously, you play them against the game's cap when one of the other main guys is out, like, if Bane missed a game or if Jah misses another ballgame. When everybody's healthy, though, call it a 5050 play. This is the power of recency bias. I know you guys are gonna yell at me, like, how can you say that after guys coming off these 2 mega nights? Well, because 2 games doth not a season make. Phoenix lost despite having their big three together. Bradley Beal was not very good. Booker and Durant were decent, didn't blow the roof off the building or anything. And I think you can hold on to Grayson Allen. Said that before. I think he's I think he fits just fine as the other guy in this group. He's gonna hit some threes. He gets you some defensive stats. Prototypical 3 and d. Cool. Cool. Not so cool. Detroit lost Cade Cunningham early in their loss in Denver, and an e strain feels like it's not a one game kind of thing. What we don't really know from this one is who picks up the pieces. Because Killian Hayes probably played a little bit more than he would have. Alec Burks has been scoring a lot lately, but he's more in the kind of stream while warm department. You might see a little more Jaden Ivy on ball, but we saw last year that's actually maybe not a great thing in 9 cat format. So there's really nobody I'm racing out to pick up on the Pistons in the wake of this Cunningham news. I think you could take a wait and see approach, roll from there. Funny little footnote on this game. Nikola Jokic, this looked like one of those games where it's like, I wonder if I can win this game without taking a shot. He took 3 shots, had 16 assists and 5 blocks, just basically messing with the Pistons, and sure enough, they beat them. Toronto went into Golden State and just spanked the Warriors. RJ Barrett is not an ad. I don't care how good he looks for one ball game. The guy that I was watching in Toronto was Gary Trent junior to see if he could continue to have a role, And I don't know, actually, still the answer, because this one was technically a blowout. RJ Barrett was kinda the only guy who got normal starters minutes. I don't I don't think you need to roster Gary Trent junior while we wait and find out, but I think you should keep a close watch on him, especially with all the Pascal Siakam trade stuff floating around. Because if somebody comes back and Trent is ahead of said person coming back in the pecking order, then does he get to start? Does he get enough shots at that point? So it's a little bit of a stash. It's a little bit of another. And, yeah, that's the Gary Trent Junior story. Scottie Barnes finally had a bad ballgame. He was due. It's okay. He's not the only one. What else we got from this ballgame? Trace Jackson Davis on the Warriors, he's a start when he's starting. We also got word that, Draymond Green is ramping up to a return. I think that news broke over the weekend, and then a little story today surfaced that Draymond was considering retiring instead of, like, not, not hitting people in the sack or choking people out, which feels a little silly. Like, come on, Draymond. You're an adult. Just get a hold of yourself. But, anyway, he'll be back in the not too distant future, and that's gonna upset a few little apple carts. Like, what does it mean for Jonathan Kuminga, who I don't think is a roto playable guy anyway? Is it gonna mess up Trace Jackson Davis? Probably. He's a start while he's starting, though. Moses Moody was better in this ballgame, but hasn't done a whole lot lately. And then Steph when Steph has a bad ballgame, the Warriors are just gonna lose. Brandon Pogemski is, I think, running out of gas. 8 boards, 4 assists. He's always gonna do that hustle stuff, but rookies don't really know how to budget their season's worth of energy. And I think you and that's, like, what ends up being known as the rookie wall. But it's just that they don't sort of know how to handle the full season. They gotta go a little bit softer, but he wasn't. And to his credit, you know, potentially he's put up great lines, but I do think that he's getting a little tired. And I think you're starting to see it in the production. The field goal percent is still okay, But defensive stats are a little lower, rebounds a little lower, assists a little lower, scoring's a little lower. Everything's just tapering a tiny bit. He's a hold because Chris Paul broke a wrist over the weekend, and he's out for 4 to 6 weeks. But don't be too floored if the warriors have to kinda mix and match. Give Podgemski a little time to kinda regain his wind over an upcoming game or 2. Don't freak out about that, but also don't be surprised if you see it happen. Lakers finally guarded somebody. Clippers were weird in this ballgame. This was, this was fun for me because I was able to have a TV close enough that I could watch Lakers Clippers while still, again, laid out on a bathroom floor. Evita Zubatz was awesome, and he often does this to the Lakers because they Lakers are much more keyed in on the the Clippers' wings, and Zoo just destroys. And Lakers don't know how to keep anybody off the offensive glass anyway, because Anthony Davis is constantly protecting other dudes who played poor defense. But, like, he's actually defended okay. Clippers will be fine if you're looking at these lines, like, well, why did what happened here? Like, why did most of the Clippers shoot terribly? Kind of an off night mixed with just, like, better effort from the Lakers defensively. Deelo played 31 minutes. This is why I said to hold because, ultimately, he's just better than the whack dudes that they've been playing. Looking at you, Cam Reddish. I don't know why Max Christie only got 13 minutes in yesterday's game. He was one of the best defenders and floor spacers the Lakers had. I almost feel like Darvin Ham got lucky that his rotations didn't lose this game. But from an actual fantasy standpoint, AD and LeBron are obviously a go. You're not punting on Austin Reeves. This is a bad matchup for him. You're holding on d low. Christian Wood's been playing better lately, but I don't think his minutes are ever gonna get high enough to matter. And then Torian Prince is your kinda 3 point streamer type. And we'll see what that means when Ruiy comes back, because you might see Hachimura step in there and take the reddish minutes and take some of the Christian Wood minutes and take some of the Taurean Prince minutes. Lakers remain a little bit influx. Alright. Let's go back to Saturday. We knocked out, what, how many games were there? Nine games on Sunday. So we're a little more than halfway through the league, which is good because I I only got the energy to do more in about 30, 35 minutes on this podcast. Boston beat Indiana on the road. Number of players are resting for the Celtics coming up, so you can get a little Al Horford stream going on. That's really the only thing that happens with the Celtics on a day to day basis. For Indiana, Aaron Neesmith, 4 more defensive stats. He's a strong hold even if he didn't score very much in this ballgame. Buddy, he'll got the start, because there were some dudes out on the Indiana side. And if he'll be starting, he's a start. That's kind of the way it's been so far this year. If he's not, he's not. Easy peasy. Right? Let's keep moving. Knicks beat the Wizards, 1 21, 105. The Wizards did a nice job to get this lightly competitive in the 4th quarter so that, you know, the Knicks got their Tibbs minutes. That's good for the usual suspects. The Dante DiVincenzo versus Josh Hart thing is probably going to keep both of them from having top 100 value. Oh, well. Oh, man. How good is Isaiah Hartenstein been? So good. As far as the Wizards go, Denny Avdia is back on his heater train again. This is, like, how he started the season, so play him while he's warm. Man, it's just, again, tougher ballgame. Wizards have been blown out 2 or 3 times in a row. Jordan Poole. I don't I just don't know that he's ever gonna wake up this year. But, you know, hold. Don't make any adjustments again. You just anything anything we do with the Wizards has to be based on what happens in a competitive ballgame. And at this point, nothing's really changing there, at least not yet. Utah beat the, Embiidless 70 sixers on the road. Utah's weird rotations are, producing a couple of wins here and there. I mentioned that I I wasn't convinced on Fontecchio, and then this game happened, and I felt less foolish about putting that type of call out there. I don't know what the hell is going on with Walker Kessler. Utah went very small in this ballgame, and it worked. Collin Sexton is a firm hold as long as he continues to start. Kessler's a hold, obviously. His minutes are weirdly in check. John Collins had a better ballgame here, but he'd been trending down pretty, consistently. And then it looks like maybe Kelly Olynyk is back on the outside looking in. Problem with a team like Utah is I'd love to be able to come on a show and just say, yes. This guy, this guy, this guy, not that guy, not that guy. Utah is not that cut and dry. Obviously, Larry Markkanen is a start, and Kessler's a start because he can do it in, you know, 20, 22 minutes of ballgame. And Sexton is a start right now. And then everybody else is a coin flip. You know me, if I'm working against the game's cap, a coin flip is a no. Head to head? Whatever. Basketball, b ball Paul at 16 and 6 in a fill in start for MB, that was fine. Wanted some defensive stats. Didn't get them. Kelly Oubre has been a really nice fill in for D'Anthony Melton, so you can keep streaming there. Marcus Morris had a better ballgame, but you're not no. You're not no. Don't do that. Keep going. And I know that I think everybody wanted more from Reid, but, yeah, you're gonna have to just settle with what you got. Houston got a nice win over Milwaukee. Rockets kinda needed a few good vibes. And, for the Bucks, Giannis tried to do it himself. Dame has another little buy window open right now. He had that heater, got him up to, like, number 13, 14. Now he's falling back a few slots. See if you can get Dame. And then Malik Beasley, as we've talked about, is a little more than a 3 point streamer, and nothing else really matters for the Bucks. As far as the Rockets go, they could use some depth. They could use some depth, but I don't think it's falling out of the sky. They started I thought they started Jeff Green. I guess he came off the bench and just played a ton of minutes. Either way, Jeff Green got a bunch of playing time if you're looking at, like, a points league drop in kind of guy. But, really, we just want Tari Eason to come back and play, because he's so much fun in Fantasy, and he hasn't played in a little bit. And that makes me sad. And now we go back to Friday and look at the teams that didn't play over the weekend, and those teams are let's see. What do we got here? I think we've covered 20 6 out of the 30 teams. So we need to talk about Oklahoma City. Nothing changes there, so, keep moving. Charlotte and Chicago, that's one we gotta talk about. We haven't discussed those 2 teams. Charlotte, just ruled Mark Williams out for at least another week, so they did finally give up on the whole doubtful every game tag. I still think LaMelo Ball is getting close to coming back. This is your lone opportunity to buy low on him. Because as soon as news breaks that he's not far away, then whoever's been holding him this whole time is gonna wait and hold him. Meantime, the whole team is dead at this point. PJ Washington left this ballgame. He joins LaMelo Ball, Mark Williams, Gordon Hayward. I don't know if PJ is technically part of their original starting 5, but, basically, 4 of their top 6 rotation players are out right now. Terry Rozier and Miles Bridges are the last ones left. Brandon Miller, sort of a last one left as well. Cody Martin also left this ball game early with a groin strain. I mean, there's there's legitimately nobody left. Nick Richards, you can use as a fill in. I don't know how Charlotte's gonna keep games close right now. Rozier and Miles Bridges are gonna have to take about 25 shots a piece. You might see someone else step up and play 30 minutes, mostly because they have no choice, but I would wait and find out who that is before I picked him up. Zach LaVine came back, and now he's right back to being questionable again. This time it's foot inflammation, shoulder soreness. Woo hoo. This feels like he's about to get traded. I mean, come on. Like, was the last game, was this just the showcase? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Zack's fine. He came back, and now he's out again. As far as the bull go bulls go, that's good news for Kobe White, who is always gonna be better when LaVine is not playing 40 minutes ballgame. Alex Caruso missed their last one as did Patrick Williams. That means Iota Sumu was a good fill in. And, Andre Drummond's time is limited as, Nikola Vucevic is back, and he'll be ramping up here slowly. So get ready to make some adjustments to your bulls. If Caruso's healthy, you play him. If LaVine is back out and Caruso's in but Patrick Williams is out, you could probably play Io. But you kinda can't make any decisions on the bulls until you get the health report right before the ball game starts, which we don't have right now. Who else are we missing? Miami and is that it? Did I screw this up? Is it just Miami? I feel like I'm missing somebody, but who is it? I don't know. Anyway, for Miami, you're just you're streaming Jaime Okez Junior as long as Jimmy Butler is out. Kevin Love is weirdly streamable these days. Some of it has to do with Caleb Martin and Haywood Highsmith being down, but he's been putting up decent enough numbers, and, that's probably where we're gonna leave things. Alright. I know that this was a tough one. I barely made it through. It's a shorter show today. We are, again, extremely excited to be joining the Believe network of pods. Thank you to those that were here live. I know that this is not the best show we've ever done. But you know what? Sometimes you just gotta get through 1, and, hopefully, I'll have more strength by tomorrow. I will say that I'm starting to feel a tiny bit hungry, which is a good sign. Man, it has been it's been a rough one out here in Bassperstown. Find me over on Twitter at Dan Bassperis. This This is Fantasy MBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. I'm sure there were other things I was supposed to promo, but I don't remember what they are because I'm loopy as heck. Oh, right. MANSCAPED. Ethos 20. 20% off and free shipping. Hoo, boy. Alright. We'll be back tomorrow. I'm gonna hope hopefully, we can go a 2 show Tuesday. I wanna get a new by low show going. I've got all these ideas of shows that I haven't either had the strength or time to do. And I also don't wanna say what they are, but they will be very fun if I could ever find the time to pull them off. Okay. See you guys on social. It's easier for me to type a tweet than it is for me to do a pod right this second. But I do appreciate you guys tuning in, and we'll see you again tomorrow. So long for now.