Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Well, yeah. Schedule's a little bit cockeyed. Sorry, everybody. Sorry, everybody. I probably should have given a little bit more warning, but honestly, I didn't know how today was gonna go because it's Thanksgiving week. Happy Thanksgiving week, everyone. To all of you that are trying to figure out how to work your way through this week with multiple children now stuck at home for a few days, I share whatever feeling I should share. Pity? It's probably pity a pity that. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. I'm your host, Dan Besperis. Thanks for your, thank you for joining us at this slightly later time, on Monday morning. I know most of the time when the kids are in school, we get these things going by about, 9 AM Pacific time, but they are off. My older kid had his 7 year checkup at the doctor. They all got their flu shots and everything while we were down there. So then we gotta get the nanny over, then we gotta get the kids off to a park and blah blah blah. Anyway, shows now. So here we go. You can find me over on social at danbesbris. I would kindly request that you do that because that's where we do a lot of our work in between the podcasts. Again, that's at danbesbris or just Google search. Dan from Hoopball, or Dan from Sports Ethos, Twitter, x, whatever, and it should pop up. It shouldn't be all that tough to do so. We're gonna be checking the waiver wire today for everybody that popped up over the weekend. We're gonna cover all 30 teams' most recent ball games in a reverse chronological lightning round fashion just the way we always do on our Monday shows. We'll do a quick preview of the 8 games coming up tonight, Monday evening. That should be, relatively straightforward and easy. So without further ado, now that I assume you've gone and you've found me over on social and you've hit like or subscribe or whatever it is that you need to do on YouTube or Spotify or Apple Podcasts or what iTunes or whatever you're using to listen to this show, Now we can talk a little bit of fantasy sports. The way this works is we'll go through every game that happened over the weekend in reverse chronological order, by day, not by the actual hour of the game. So we're not gonna start Sunday night. We'll just do Sunday then Saturday. And then if anybody didn't play over the weekend, we'll cover their last game on Friday, and that'll reset us for the week ahead. We are not going to go in order of priority in terms of, like, a player that you need to add. So sit back, pay attention. I'll try to highlight those key players when we get to them, but we're gonna go through every team. Sunday, Philly beat Brooklyn 121 to 99. This ballgame was over relatively early, although Tyrese Maxey still managed to get 36 minutes in it. De'Anthony Melton is rolling now after his awful start to the year. But, again, this is what we were talking about. He wasn't gonna shoot 28% for the entire season. Now he's trucking. Nick Batum came back for this one after missing 3 ball games, and he, you know, he was part of a a lineup that trounced Brooklyn, but he didn't do very much. That's the, certainly, the much larger downside. The fact that Kelly Oubre is not expected to miss a whole ton of time meant that Batum became less of a priority before. Certainly, having a game where he does almost nothing makes him less of a priority here as well. I do still think that Batum can hold 9 cat roto style value while Kelly Oubre is out, but you don't have to play him until we actually see it happen one more time. Just so we know he's kinda got his legs back underneath him again. So he's more of a watch list play just for the moment after I thought he was going to be better than that and then missed 3 games for personal reasons and blah blah blah. Over on the Brooklyn side, the one thing we were keeping an eye on, because everything else is pretty straightforward, not Lonnie Walker. I know he popped off and scored 26 points in 32 minutes, but he's not a guy that's gonna see this type of playing time. So you could pretty much ignore that. Spencer Dinwiddie was the guy that I wanted to pay attention to to see if his role could get elevated far enough with Ben Simmons out for an indefinite period of time. My guess is that the answer is gonna be no. Dinwiddie has never really been a stud fantasy, asset because the steals and blocks are low. The percentages tend to be somewhat low with him. Not that free throw is usually bad the way it has been so far this year, but it's usually sort of a neutral. And then the field goal percent is low. And so, basically, you're looking, can he do enough in the points and assist department to make up for the fact that he's not gonna help you very much in the others? And the answer with Simmons out has been almost he's like a 130, 140, 150 kind of value over the last weekend. One really big game in there that's kind of, yanking the number up the board. Most of the time, it's been kinda meh, and I'm inclined to assign him a grade of meh in terms of whether or not I think you need to actually play him on your fantasy team. Pistons are annoying. There was a moment earlier this year where I thought maybe they could be kind of interesting from a fantasy standpoint. You know, we we saw Cade, tons of turnovers at the beginning of the year, but at least he was putting up pretty big popcorn numbers. And Alec Burks is putting up some numbers before he got hurt, and Jalen Duran was putting up 1st round value, and then his ankle got sore. And Marcus Sasser had a few good games when everybody was hurt, but the Pistons have sort of gone back to being the Pistons. They started Kevin Knox in these last couple of ball games. That's been fun. Isaiah Stewart should have been decent enough to get value with Jalen Duren out, but even he hasn't been able to do it. Duren, by the way, is a game time decision for tonight. Pistons, I think, have a 2 game week, so they may just hold them out to give them a little extra rest. They're basically still, whether they wanna be or not, in tank mode. Cade has not really moved up the board the way that folks would have hoped. Does that change the fact that he's a buy low? No. I mean, he's a buy low. Cade's a buy low, but I don't think he was ever gonna get to where he was drafted. I was low on him because, you know, I don't like to go into a draft with a punt field goal attitude. He's become a punt field goal and massive punt turnover guy so far this year. And the defensive stats haven't been there so far, which I do still think the defensive stats come around a little bit for Cade, but he needs help. And, like, sure, the return of Bojan Bogdanovic at some point in the next couple weeks will help, but will it help enough? Asar Thompson is really cool. He's been fun to watch so far this year, but I also think he's gonna start to run out of gas, and we may have begun to see that a little bit. Percentages were not gonna be a a thing for him, and so he was able to float his value with rebounds and crazy defensive stats. And some of that, like, you just can't keep that up all year when you're a rookie and you're trying to get your legs under you and you're fighting with these gigantic dudes for the first time. So he was always gonna come down a little bit. Now we need Duran back. Because at least at that point, you could have Duran who and and Thompson were a little bit, I guess, safer in terms of fantasy value, and then you've got Cade depending on the build of your team. But that's kind of all it is right now for Detroit. Everything else is ugh. Gary Trent had a decent ball game, despite OG and Anunoby being back. Some of that is because this ball game got out of hand quickly. I'm still not buying on Trent. He he needs to be a 3 pointers and steals guy, and I just don't see that there's enough room for him to get there. Scottie Barnes, 17, 7, and 9. To no one's surprise, his defensive stats have started to come back to earth a little bit as well. He's now at 3 combined. I say only 3 combined. I know. Still nuts. But that continued slow erosion in those is gonna be something we don't really notice until it's sort of done happening. He's still gonna have a really good year. I don't want this to sound like we're gonna knock Scottie Barnes, but, like, he was never gonna be a number 6 guy in fantasy because he was averaging 4, 4 and a half defensive stats a game, and that just wasn't gonna stick. He's not a giant blocks dude. That wasn't gonna just magically switch, and that actually moves Fantasy value pretty quickly because a block, a steal every ball game. That's that's actually quite a lot of them when you think of it over the course of an entire year. So, Barnes, if if you could still get somebody in the top twenty, I think I would try to do it to me. He probably tips outside of that at some point. Still seems like he's gonna be a win this year, but not maybe a mid first round win, the way it looked after the first two and a half, 3 weeks. Hey. The good news train finally arrived on Jacob Pirtle. He's had 2 or 3 good ball games in a row. He's now inside the top 80 and 9 cat. The free throw percent has cleared 50. Thank heavens. The defensive stats are starting to come around, and I don't think we need to worry about him anymore. Dennis Schroder and, Spencer Dinwiddie are doing their best impressions of each other. Schroder's still hanging in there inside the top 85, and maybe he can keep that up. I don't know. That nothing really changes for me on him after this ballgame. Orlando smoked Indiana. This ballgame ended with a tighter score than the actual ballgame was. You saw, Indy come back a bit during some very late garbage time, Jordan Nawara, Isaiah Jackson, Ben Sheppard. These guys were putting up numbers in the Q4. But this game was over early, and you could see it by just looking at the minutes. Paolo Banchero 26 and change was, I think, the biggest number of anybody on either team on a triple check. Yeah. That is indeed the case. So you can pretty much just dump dump this box score right out the window, move on to the next one. Do not make adjustments to your Pacers or Magic valuations based on this ball game. It was over by midway through the Q3. Denver, they are human. I guess it makes sense that Denver would would maybe have a little bit of a tougher time against, like, one of the bigger teams they're gonna play. Not that anybody really needs to be worried about the Nuggets. They'll be fine. They're, now in 3rd place, though, behind the Timberwolves and the Thunder. Thunder have won 5 games in a row. Nuggets have lost 2 games in a row. Is there a possibility that the sort of Jamal Murray absence and championship hangover, maybe that's kinda kicking in now as we I don't wanna call it the dog days here. We're still in November. We're just getting into the holidays. So this is still an area where I think you'll see teams can kinda get up a little bit more, but we're no longer at that adrenaline of the 1st week, 2 weeks, whatever it is. And so you're kinda seeing teams settle. And someone on Twitter reminded me that, last year, I called this the great leveling. This is when the great leveling starts to happen. It's when guys that got off to a super hot start tend to cool off. Guys that got off to a cold start tend to warm back up, and you just see everything in the league, sort of squirm its way back towards the mean. Some or near it. Some sort of mean reversion. And you'll see that with teams in addition to players. So the great leveling is now basically upon us. We're at week 5. It usually happens by the end of the 6th week of the season that you kind of know, okay. This is what a guy's gonna be. And you started to see it with the buy lows, the sell highs, all that kind of stuff. You're it it's it's coming back to where we knew it was gonna be, and the window to acquire or sell off assets that got off to very hot or slow starts is going to now dry up in the next week to 2 weeks. This is this is really when it happens. So you gotta make your move now if you're gonna make your move. As far as this ball game goes, Michael Porter junior was kinda the only nugget that survived the mess. Nikola Jokic had his, one of his rougher games of the year. Cleveland side, you got a big one out of nowhere. Craig Porter junior, not to be confused with with Otto or Michael. Lot of Porter Juniors in the NBA these days. He had a big ball game, but you can pretty much ignore that. No Caris LeVert, no Donovan Mitchell, and the the Cavs won anyway. Crazy stuff. Jared Allen is still I think they're still holding him under 30 minutes, although I don't know that that would have mattered a ton in this ballgame. And he remains kind of a soft buy low. He's sitting just outside the top 100 right now, and some of that's just simply because, you know, he hasn't been on the floor enough to get the extra two points and two rebounds or whatever needs to happen to slowly move him up the tables. And at that point, he'll settle kinda back in where he always is. Evan Mobley, always good, and then even better when anybody's missing. Darius Garland had 1 of finally, I guess, had a better ballgame, and I guess it took Donovan Mitchell being out to get him there. Garland still averaging almost 5 turnovers a ballgame. He'll be fine. He was probably never gonna get to the mid thirties where he was drafted on a per game basis, a 9 cat. Obviously, his 9 cat and 8 cat values really different with the 5 turnovers a game right now. But, you know, he's a point guard who who scores and assists, and so that's always a pretty rare commodity. And if you can get him for, like, a 75 range guy, that would be a price I think maybe you you might wanna consider throwing out there. And then I don't know. Do I need to continue to even mention Max Strouse? This was, by all accounts, a slightly quieter game for him, and he's still number 55. And now we're, what, 13, 14 games into the season. Still somewhat of a small sample size, but consistently plays the top 2 or 3 most minutes on the team. The rebounding has been there, which no one thought was happening, and that's why he didn't really get drafted in that many spots. But as soon as we saw the minutes, that's why we jumped on him after that 1st or second game of the year, and I haven't looked back. Sacramento, they've been playing some good ball these days. Darren Fox is out of his mind right now. He hit 3 or sorry. 6 three pointers. He's the number 8 player in fantasy, hitting 3.6 threes per ballgame while still shooting 51% from the field. He's in almost 2 steals per game. Is it possible that Fox took another step forward? It's possible. I don't know that I would call it probable if only because he's shooting 42% from downtown this year, and his career, 32%. That's a massive jump, especially when you consider the fact that in addition to everything else, he's taking 4 more shots per game this year than he did last season, and 3 and change more than any year previously in his NBA career. And he's taking 3 and a half more threes per game. And he's always been a pretty good steals guy, but he's been more like a one and a half half as opposed to 2, which I guess is possible. Like, it could just sort of fluctuate up. So there's, I would say, a number of things with Fox that I would expect, especially from a fantasy standpoint, to start to to taper a tad. But while he's this hot, he's probably gonna keep shooting this much. And you're like, oh, Dan, his field goal percent is down from last year. Yeah. But his 3 pointers are up from 1.6 to 3.6. That feels like a number that probably won't stick. By the way, no Kevin Hurter for this ballgame. Maybe the other footnote there is Chris Duarte having 13, 8, and 4 with a couple of steals and 3 threes. Filling in for Hurter, I am not making a move on this. For 1, I think Hurter's gonna be back pretty quickly. And for 2, we know we know enough about Chris Duarte that, typically, unless he actually has a pretty large role, it's hard for him to put up fantasy stats. And somebody was yelling at me on Twitter about Malik Monk, like, how I was leading everybody astray on Malik Monk. He's a magical De'Aaron Fox fill in who has been extraordinarily I don't wanna say inconsistent because he's been consistent in what he does when he's on the floor. His minutes have been extraordinarily inconsistent when De'Aaron Fox is there. It's like Munk only played 18 minutes in this ball game despite having 12 points and 4 three pointers in them. He was actually putting up numbers, but the minutes are so erratic that it's hard to really lock it in and say, oh, yeah. This is like you gotta do it. The screen you're seeing, if you're watching on YouTube, shows this game as a blowout. It it didn't really get out of hand until pretty late. That's why you saw, you know, Sabonis still play 35 minutes. He basically got his normal allotment. And then just a couple of guys didn't come back in for, like, the last 3 or 4. That was really the difference here where Luca still got 32 instead of 35, something like that. So the law didn't dramatically change the minute distribution. It got out of hand, much later in the ballgame, which for then you're like, okay. Well, like, why didn't Malik Monk get a couple extra minutes? Why not let him play 23 instead of 18? Honest to god, I have no idea. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. But this is why it's hard for me to say he's a play every ball game. He is more valuable in head to head than he is in roto because he's been good at threes and assists so far this year, but, and free throws. A little bit of free throws as well. But he's been very bad in field goal. His turnovers have been kinda high, not not atrocious. The, steals number's kinda low. The blocks are high, but probably not gonna stay there. And then he doesn't rebound, and the scoring actually isn't as high as it kinda feels like it's been. He scored more when Fox was out. So you've got this and this is when I talk about, like, a guy that's maybe more valuable in head to head than roto. It's often when a guy has 2 or 3 strong categories, but also 2 or 3 very weak ones. And in head to head, you're like, okay. Well, if I'm not super competitive in the weak ones, then I don't have to worry about not in a punt fashion necessarily, but just, like, it doesn't hurt my team as much. As with Roto, if you're trotting Monk out there every ball game right now in a typical 12 teamer with an 82 game cap, he's been outside the must start window. I don't know if that makes any sense, but hopefully it did. Derek Lively is a good story on the Dallas side. He's starting to and I I I this is kinda what I thought when we talked about him last week, where it's like, this guy's gonna get a tiny bit more consistent every 2 weeks or so. So you wanna see those minutes per game. They tick up from 24, and then, like, a month later, he's at 25, and a month later, he's at 26. It's gonna be a slow growth curve as he learns more about the NBA and all the stuff that you have to do to be consistently successful, but he's been good enough so far that you have to hold on for the ride. And I wasn't sure about that 2 weeks ago, because his minutes were all over the map. But now they're starting to get a little more secure, and that's kinda good enough for me. So Derek Lively, he's a hold. Tim Hardaway junior, the cooldown, I gotta believe, is coming here. He only had 2, 3 pointers in this ballgame. He wasn't, like, cold cold, but his value is floated by 3 pointers. It's kinda all he does. And as those tick down from 4 per game, which never felt like a number that was sustainable, then he falls sort of outside the must play zone and into the stream if you need threes and some scoring zone. But he's not the only guy in that zone, so that means you don't really have to sit on him all the time. Phoenix and Utah played a little extra basketball, and wowsers, we got some fantasy lines to, kinda lick our lips over here. Kevin Durant, mondo game. He's now up to number 9 in 9 category leagues, and he's played all 13 games for his team so far as I knock on every piece of wood within sight. His very slow free throw shooting start to the year is now a distant memory after he goes 7 for 7 in this ballgame. I mean, at some point, Brad Lebille's gonna show up, and that'll probably ding Durant. It's definitely gonna ding Booker. Eric Gordon had a big ball game, but I I'm throwing that in the trash. I don't I I I want nothing to do with Eric Gordon. He and Grayson Allen are, schedule plays with Bradley Beal out, but not Roto. So if if the Suns run into and I don't have their their streaming calendar in front of me while I'm doing this particular show. But if the Suns run into a very good scheduling spot and a couple of games against the high octane Jazz was probably that. But, you know, 3 games and 4 nights kinda thing, that's where you pull out the Gordon and the Grayson Allen card. But on a day to day, nah. It's Durant. It's Nurk. It's Booker on that team right now, and, and that's about it. It's really weird to see Devin book now Booker's only played in 5 ball games, so, obviously, there's sort of a sample size thing going on here. It's very weird to think that the numbers he's put up so far are not good enough for 1st round per game value. The top of the board is a pinball machine right now. It's crazy. Booker's at 29 points, 10 assists, and 5 and a half rebounds on 51% shooting from the field and 94% of the free throw. Now don't get me wrong. I don't think any of that stuff holds for the entire season, especially if Beal ever does decide to play. I it's the fact that Booker doesn't have any defensive stats so far, but, I mean, the stuff that you have to do to get inside the top ten right now is just ridiculous. It's ridiculous, the numbers these guys are putting up. Not the point of today's show, I guess, so let's keep trucking along. Larry Markkanen. I'm talking about these giant ball games. Larry Markkanen, 38 and 17, 2 steals, 2 blocks on a very good field goal percent. He's number 11 right now. No drop off for him, and a lot of that's been, because Keontae George has changed the Jazz. He's fixed them. Not that he's been outstanding himself, but he's fixed them. Guys are in their right roles. Keontae George had 11 assists in this ballgame. He could not shoot to save his poor little life, 2 for 12 from the field, 5 turnovers. He's another guy that probably ends up profiling as better in head to head than roto because, again, you know, rookie, ball handler. Even if I think some of the ball handling stuff that doesn't usually apply to rookies or does usually apply may not to George in that, that was weird phrasing, I know. I don't think he's gonna be beset by the same issues that normal rookie ball handlers do because he's not he's not trying to run the team. He's just orchestrating and distributing, but you're still seeing a lot of it anyway. Like, even though the assists are very high for George, you are seeing the bad field goal percent. You're seeing the high turnovers. You're seeing the fact that even though over the last week, he's playing 30 minutes and averaging 12 points and 8 assists with a steal, he's ranked outside the top 150 because he's shooting 34% from the field, and he has 3 and a half turnovers per ball game, and he hasn't blocked a shot in that stretch. And his threes are at 1 and change, and he's only scoring 12 points. Roto, that's a tough sell. Head to head, it's like, look. I don't give a crap. Like, maybe I'm punting field goal anyway, or maybe I have a massive game's advantage or disadvantage. So this week, turnovers don't matter to my team. So if you're just focusing on the assists, the rebounds, the steals, like, the free throw percent, then cool. But if you need all 9, that becomes a hard play. Still, I do think he he belongs on rosters, I think, in all formats. In roto, you're probably just squatting on him to see how he grows. Head to head, you play him out and see what happens. Otherwise, yes, you saw one big game from Taylor Norton Tucker. You can throw that away. Doesn't matter. Jordan Clarkson had 22, 7, and 5, but he did it on horrible percentages, and so it's kinda the same old story for Clarkson. If you can sell on Clarkson, you do it. That's a pretty easy decision to make. Let's keep going. Boston, 5 more three pointers for Sam Houser who look. At some point, he's gonna cool off. There's no question. He's shooting something like 60% from downtown over the last couple weeks. And so he's averaging, what, 3, 4 threes a game on 53% from the field. It's just a combo you can't get from someone over an entire year. And so because of the rarity of that combination, he is actually a 9 cap play right now. But you know it. At some point, this stuff just levels off. Houser's a good shooter, but he's not gonna be the best shooter in the universe, you know, by a factor of, like, 20% over Steph Curry. That's just not gonna last forever. So get it while the getting's good, but then understand at some point, it'll it'll flip back the other way. We already know, by the way, and we'll talk about this later on, but Derrick White, Al Horford are out for for the Celtics second half of their back to back. They can come up with whatever reasoning they want to on that. What what does it mean? I mean, you probably see Hauser move into the starting lineup for White. Horford was coming off the bench behind Porzingis anyway, so that's sort of a nonfactor. The biggest news perhaps of the entire show, he screams to make sure that folks haven't started to tune him out over these the slow plot we've got through the weekend. Santi Aldama, starting small forward for the Memphis grizzlies, put up 28 points, 12 boards, 6 assists, 2 steals, and 6 3 pointers on 27 shots. And I know this team isn't healthy. Ja Morant's gonna come back. What are they? Like, by halfway to the Ja Morant suspension being up. And Marcus Smart is out for a month, so at some point, he'll be back also. And Luke Kennard is out. I think he got hit in the head, but I don't remember. Doesn't really matter for this. Either way, Aldama was all ready. I think we talked about him on Friday's tweet storm. When the hell was Memphis's last ball game? Was that against the Lakers? Let me make sure I got their their calendar right. So Memphis played, no. They were in San Antonio the previous night, actually, but it was after the Laker game that Aldama came in and took 15 shots in 25 minutes off the bench. And I I did my tweet storm on Friday night, and I'm pretty sure I said he's a guy that you need to be paying very close attention to because if Memphis decides to give him any minutes, he actually does have a very translatable fantasy stat set. We saw it before when he picked up a bunch of center minutes to start last year or power forward minutes when jjj was out. Well, they're giving him a look now in a big way, and it's he's cashing in. Does he put up 17, 10, and 3 with a steel block and a 3 pointer against, San Antonio in a win the previous ballgame? And, frankly, they, I think, just like what he does when he's on the floor. He's versatile. He can step out into 3 as you saw with 6 of them. He was bombing away from downtown. To me, he's a must add player until someone comes back from Memphis, and then we'll see what happens after that. But, basically, they've said, look. We can go we can run, JJ at the center spot, which they did more of in this ballgame. Xavier Tillman being out also helps Aldama because that forces them to go smaller. They didn't wanna run a ton of Bismoc, Biyombo, and he picked up 5 fouls in 15 minutes anyway. But you don't need 39 minutes out of Aldama. You need mid to high twenties. That's how quick his fantasy stats can rack up. Must add player, must start player right now while we see what shakes out in Memphis. OKC blew out Portland. This game was over early. Chet Holmgren had himself a little perfecto on the night. 6 of 6 shooting from the field, 2 of 2 at the free throw line, no turnovers. He's number 14, I believe, in 9 cat right now. I still think if you could sell Chet for a second rounder, you'd do it because you gotta believe that at some point, this sort of rookie fatigue stuff creeps in. He's also shooting 57% from the field and 91% at the free throw line. These things that will probably come down a little bit as well. So, but, again, like, if you're not gonna get a locked in top 20 kinda guy, then you don't have to do it. I just think there is an opportunity there. For Portland, I don't really care. Nothing in this game changes everything for me. They got blown out early. Ayton will be fine. Skyler Mays is your streaming guy. Shaden Sharp, people seem to think is having this, like, incredible start to the year, but he's number 180 in 9 cat. High turnovers, low field goal percent, really kinda sagging things for him and then being just slightly subaverage in, like, 3 or 4 other categories. The scoring has been good. The rebounds have been kind of okay, but that's kind of been it. Like, we've there's been this goo goo gaga thing going on for Shaden Sharp, and I I like him. But he's playing 37 minutes at night. He literally cannot do any more for that team, and he's not even close to a roto play. Just try to understand that these things do factor. Houston and LA, I, so I've been very critical of Alper and Shengoon, in the past, but he deserves a ton of credit, by the way. And I probably should've done this a week ago, but I really wanted to sit down and watch him play a full game start to finish, especially against, like, a legit defensive star level center. I know Anthony Davis comes and goes. Sometimes he disappears. Sometimes he reappears. Things like that. But AD is a damn good basketball player, and he fouled out, dealing largely with Shenzhen and what the rockets do on offense. Alpern's defense has gotten better. That was the big fear coming into the season was that if his defense didn't improve, Houston would just run somebody else at center, but he's improved. His position defense has gotten a lot better. He's no longer chasing steals and blocks. Everything the Rockets are doing is based on kinda being in the right place at the right time. Freddie VanVleet and Dillon Brooks have gone a long way towards instilling that type of culture, and shengoon has bought in. And so that's keeping him on the floor. Offensively, there was never really any question about what he could do, but his defense, just from a mental standpoint, has gotten so much better to cover up the fact that athletically on defense, he does still struggle to sorta, like, stop guys that are going at him at a full speed. But that doesn't matter right now because he's doing enough positionally. That keeps him on the floor. And so I feel like a lot of his numbers so far this year are pretty sustainable because he's doing the stuff on the defensive side. The one thing to note with Shanguan is that he hasn't gotten the defensive stats this year. And I don't know that they will get better because I I think the rockets approve of the, like, okay. Don't try to block everybody. Don't be on an island. We're not gonna leave you alone under the basket to try to block everybody that comes your way. Don't foul. Stay on the floor. We're gonna run offense through you. And so as great as the popcorn numbers have been, and they have been, 20 points, 8 boards, 6 assists, that's that's, you know, Demontis Sabonis light, big man stuff, not nearly as many rebounds. The defensive stats are probably gonna be a little bit stuck in the mud. So you have this kinda Sabonis build, but DeMons is a a vastly superior rebounder, maybe the best in the entire NBA. Otherwise, their stats are almost a carbon copy for each other. Sabonis, one more assist about point 3 blocks more per game, but their field goal and free throw percent are almost a dead heat, same with turnovers. So Shangguin is like your did you not get Sabonis in the 2nd round kinda guy. But because the rebounds are gonna be a bit lower and also because it's pot I mean, we still haven't seen this go for an entire season. I I mean, again, I don't see any reason why it should completely vanish. But, I don't know that the defensive stats get all the way back where they were prior years when he was a a poor man floating on an island and just on skates chasing everybody. Freddie Van Fleet put up 16 assists, which might ruin any by low there. Although, I do still think he goes up a little from where he's at because I think you see a few games. Some at some point in here, he's gonna have a game where he gets, like, 5 steals. But, again, there is that kind of positional defense thing the Rockets are doing, so it's not gonna be wild flailing Nick Nurse steals numbers. But he's playing massive starters minutes, VanVleet is, and everything else is basically where it was last year. And so all we need now is, you know, another point 8 steals per ball game, which 2 games where he gets 4 steals in both of them pretty much takes care of that. Is that reason to go by low? I mean, yeah, if you wanna get, like, an 8 steal bounce, sure. That's something. Dillon Brooks had hit for his first big game in about 2 weeks. He had fallen off after a very hot start. He's now at number 100 after this huge one, but he's he's not gonna stay inside the top 100. Tara Easton is out for rest on the back to back for Houston. He's not getting enough minutes for it to matter right now anyway, so I think we could probably move along from that. I made the mistake of assuming LeBron James is going to age. Apparently, he does not. LeBron James is a cyborg. He had 37, 6, and 8 with 3 steals, 2, 3 pointers, and just absolutely teabagged the rockets throughout this ball game. He was fired up to play against Dillon Brooks. You could see that. But, also, he and Anthony Davis and Austin Reeves, sorry, Austin, were the only lakers that could make a shot, and you could tell LeBron knew it. So especially when Anthony Davis fouled out, that was like, okay. It's time. And LeBron all game long just kept rescuing his team because Torrey and Prince went one for 11. He couldn't hit a 3 pointer. Dilo finally had a a softer ball game. He'd been very good for the lakers, so far this year, but this one dropped his shooting percentage down a little bit. Ruhi was only kind of okay, but Lakers hit 6 three pointer. I think they went something like 6 for 30 from downtown in this game. Austin Reeves hit about a 30 footer. It was a big shot late in the contest too, but LeBron's been nuts. I I I can't possibly begin to understand how he's doing it. He's shooting 59% from the field so far this year, a number that is frankly likely to come down. He's also at 2 and a half defensive stats per game, a number that is also likely to come down. So as much as I've been very impressed with what LeBron's doing, he hasn't really been hurt yet. Tweaked to whatever it was, a calf or a shin or something, but he came back quickly. He's been questionable for a lot of these ball games, but he seems fine once the game starts. His usage is indeed way lower this year, and that to me is the number we really gotta be paying attention to. His usage is down. He's only at 17 shots this year after 22 last season. Eventually, that will drag his numbers down because he's not gonna shoot 59% from the field all year. The steals and blocks are not gonna likely stay this high when he's not playing center like he did a couple seasons back. So then the scoring will probably come down a tad because I don't think he wants to have to do this much stuff. Can you sell high on LeBron? Probably because he's freaking LeBron. What would you aim for? Any second rounder, I'd be down with. Let's head back to Saturday. Sunday was kind of the bigger one over the weekend. Oh, you know what? I forgot to put this stuff on the screen. Sorry, YouTubers. That sucks for you guys. Oopsies. Let's go back to Saturday. I I I this is a silly, silly oversight. But whatever. For one day, the YouTubers, you guys got basically the podcast experience just looking at me yelling about numbers. Whoopsies. You guys are probably telling me that you couldn't see it either, and I never looked at the chat room because I was too busy just yelling about stuff. Womp womp. Hey. Take a moment to find me over on social. Again, that's at Dan Bespris, d a n b e s b r I s. And please do like and subscribe. It's so fast. Just hit the subscribe button. It's so easy to do. I don't know why you guys even hem and haw about it. Just go take care of that bad boy. By the way, a warning, I don't know that we're gonna have time for questions today. So, sorry. Although this is a good one. Cody says, finally catching you during a live. I'm usually a pod listener. I recommend letting your pod listeners know what time you stream live. Love the show. Cody, great great point. Problem is it's not the same every day. When the kids are in school, it's usually around 9 AM Pacific time, but it does bounce a little around a little bit based on other stuff going on in in my personal life, usually family related. Like, today, for instance, it took the kids at doctor's appointments in the morning, and then I had to get the nanny off to the park. And so everything was just a little bit more complicated, and so the show's, like, you know, hour and a half, 2 hours later. Not exactly what I wanted to do. Anyway, let's keep going. Please like and subscribe. Last point there. Dante Divincenzo filling in right now for Quentin Grimes. He was okay in the first try. He was very good in the second try on Saturday. He ain't gonna shoot 8 for 12 and hit 7 3 pointers every ball game. If you wanna head to head stream him, if Grimes is out, I think I'm okay with that. I don't think I would use a game's cap on him because we really just don't know if he can be consistent. Josh Hart in 29 bench minutes, but we still don't really know what his role is. Why? Yes. RJ Barrett was back, but he only played 26 minutes. And, again, Grimes was out. So extra shooting guard, small forward minutes were just there available. The more I watch this, the more I think Josh Hart, if the Knicks ever get fully healthy, probably won't play 29, 30 minutes a ballgame. But right now, we just haven't seen it. So he remains a hold to me. Hart does. Emanuel Quikley reminds me an awful lot of Malik Monk, not necessarily that their stats are the same, but that they both sit in that same region where the minutes are not secure. The scoring is gonna be probably pretty good. Quickly does more at the free throw line. Monk does more with assists. They're both good at, like, 2 things, but also very bad at 2 or 3 others. Head to head plays, they are totally fine. Roto, they are not quite there unless the right player is out. For the Knicks, it's either Randle or Brunson. You take a usage player out and quickly gets a big bump. For the Kings, it's De'Aaron Fox. But when those guys are all in, it's a hard die die to roll. Charlotte, to no one's surprise, mile Miles Bridges has been a strong contributor so far. We kinda knew he was gonna be a good fantasy asset, but I made my call at the beginning of the year that I was gonna try to win without him. If he's on your team, that's fine. Play him. He looks good. Gordon Hayward doesn't these days. He's fallen off a cliff. I don't think it's all Miles Bridges, though. Because it's not like Miles is taking his ball, like, play initiating, which is a lot of what Gordon did. A lot of it in my eyes is the fact that LaMelo Ball is finally shooting the ball better, and his field goal percent is up to 43 now. So he's not, like, completely ruining your team with field goal percent. He's still very bad there on 20 shots a ball game, but this is what's moved LaMelo up to 30 in 9 cat despite the 4 turnovers a game. And he is much closer. He's like an early 2nd rounder if you're punting turnovers and and field goal percent. So this is why teams took him, in late in the first round. They were gonna build around his positives and around sort of avoiding his negatives. But the fact that LaMelo is now playing better and taking all these extra shots and and sort of confidently running everything means that Gordon Hayward hasn't needed to do that as much. I'm still holding on to Hayward. You also got a big game out of Brandon Miller today who I I, you know, won big ballgame to me doesn't mean that he suddenly needs to be started every day. He's number 180 in 9 cat even after this big ballgame. So, I mean, what was his rank before it outside the top 200? Does this mean that he's gonna just magically go on a crazy run? He might get hot for a couple of games. I don't think Brandon Miller is more than a schedule play. I feel the same way about PJ Washington, actually. He's more of a schedule type of play also just because there are some holes in his 9 cat game, and a lot of them were very evident in this ballgame, but it's, that's been the way it's been throughout the year. Hayward can have the better 9 category stuff than these other guys we just talked about. But if he's gonna fall off a cliff, then we'll move on. Still, I think, you know, we saw it for almost a month. I think we gotta give him at least a week, week and a half to make sure that this is either permanent or not. I have no thoughts on the Timberwolves. They're a very predictable team. And I'm I kindly had a quieter ballgame, but I don't care. And for the Pelicans, I was gonna come on today and celebrate Dyson Daniels being this incredible stream, but we got word this morning that Jose Alvarado is coming back. And so that could actually ruin the Dyson Daniels experience. I'm interested to see what the Pels do. My guess would be that Alvarado gets eased back in over a couple of weeks, but every minute he takes from Daniels is a minute that makes that stream a little bit harder for me to continue to to sort of hammer as one of my favorites. I think you can probably still play Dyson at least for the first couple of games after Alvarado returns, but we may wanna feel this one out a little bit. Jonas Valencunas, another big blocks game. I don't know where these are coming from. You probably wanna sell while you can. You know he's always gonna put up numbers when Zion's out, and Zion was out. Herb Jones is still rolling, also probably a sell high. Jordan Hawkins, I'll say the same thing I said last time. His fantasy value is way too tied up in whether or not he's hitting his 3 pointers. He's more of a head to head play, not a roto play for me. But, hey, there's a possibility that Alvarado becomes a roto play if he just takes the Dyson Daniels minutes. Do I think that's gonna happen? I don't. Is it possible? It's absolutely possible. Miami, literally nothing to talk about. Kyle Lowry, I cannot bring myself to trust in this fill in role. Jaime Aquez, also was someone that I was like, close, but not quite for me. Duncan Robinson is a hard go. So you got your main 3. Adebayo Butler, obviously, and then Robinson filling in for hero. Easy call. Chicago came storming back in this one behind. I don't even really know because they won it with a 102 points. DeMar DeRozan couldn't hit a free throw, but he scored 23. Zach LaVine did a better job of distributing. Vooch 15 and 8, kind of a quieter ball game. And then Alex Caruso has been starting lately. And to no one's surprise, the bulls have looked slightly more competent when he's done so. Caruso is a much more fun roto play than head to head, but I think he's a go basically in all formats right now while he's starting and playing bigger minutes. We talked about mavericks already. We haven't talked about the bucks. Brook Lopez, who was slightly quieter in this ballgame, but has totally zipped his way up the board over the last week. He's now number 43, so that by low window is shut. Bobby Portis, quieter in this ballgame, but he's been kind of a double double type of guy since Jae Crowder went down. He's a go. Pat Connaughton played better. He's been to me, I I wouldn't trust him in a 12 teamer schedule play. I guess you could try to wedge him in there if it was a good enough schedule. More like 14, 16 team kinda stuff, but he's at least on the map now. We talked Memphis already. The Spurs is a team that I just cannot bring myself to care about. I know Victor Wembanyama's insane. I like looking at his numbers, but the rest of this team is a total crapshoot when it comes to whether they'll be efficient in any way. Poor Trey Jones is barely getting to play these days. He's probably a drop all the way down to a number 170. I think you can drop Trey Jones because I think he'll probably like, if you jump on him, if Sohan misses time, he'd be the he'd zip in there as point guard. I still feel like the Spurs are kind of tanking on purpose, but maybe I'm wrong. Zach Collins is a go. When Biniyama is a go. When Vassell is healthy, he's a go. Sohan is not efficient enough for me to play nightly. Keldon Johnson is someone you're probably playing because so far this year, he's been just efficient enough to stay inside the top 100. But, also, every time he has a big ball game like this, you try to sell for anyone inside the top 90. Thunder. Yeah. I guess the only note on the thunder I didn't mention in their other ball game was that Jalen Williams, who did hurt himself with a hip strain, is probably now even a bigger buy low, because the steals haven't come around yet. For the warriors, Steph came back sooner than expected. They lost this game in overtime because another team forgot to foul up 3. I still don't know why teams don't do this. But Andrew Wiggins woke up. 31 points for Wiggins. He didn't grab a single rebound in the whole damn ball game, but at least he scored and he hit his shots. Do you play him? I don't know. Maybe. But you certainly make sure he's on a roster if this is the wake up call. Chris Paul always does more when Draymond Green is out, so enjoy these little streamer days. We told you that when Steph came back, they would not need the scoring of Dario Scharich as much, and that would be more Kevon Looney at center and Looney, 6 points 16 boards. He's probably a stream now with Draymond out as well. And then Klay Thompson continues to be old, but he's a hold. He's an old hold. I I don't see how you how you don't. Let's quickly look back at Friday. Any teams there that we missed? I feel like everybody played over the weekend this time. Knicks, Wizards. Ugh. Alright. We will talk about the Wizards. Were they the only team that didn't go over the weekend? No. The Clippers didn't go over the weekend either. Wizards, Clippers, Hawks? I think that's it. I I I can't talk about the Wizards. They're making me so mad. Denny Avdia is an obvious hold. Tyus Jones is a hold. Daniel Gafford's a hold. Kuzma's a sell anytime he has a good game. Jordan Poole, oh, he said it, man. Leading up to the season, you knew the bottom could fall out on Jordan Poole, and it has. He'll be better than this at some point. I don't even wanna buy low on him, though. I don't know that the the upshot is worth it. If you buy low on Jordan Poole, do it, and then when he gets hot, try to sell again. It's a flip. Your house flipping. Oh my god. The wizards. What a mess. Bilal Koulibaly played 31 minutes again. As I mentioned, I don't think that his fantasy game is all the way there yet. He's more of, like, maybe he could be really good in a year or 2 kinda thing. Or maybe later this year if he gets to run the show and have the usage. But right now, I I just this that's why I've been a little bit lower on him. It was a hawks game. Hawks lost at home to Philly on Friday. Let's see if we can pull that up for the YouTubers. There we go. No. You're not dropping on Yeko Congo. I know he's up and down a little bit. As long as Clint Capela is healthy, he's gonna be up and down. Bogdan Bogdanovic, you're gonna keep going. Jalen Johnson, yes. Trae Young, yes. Sadik Bey got hot here for a couple of days. He's more of a schedule play, and I think that's all you really gotta say about the hawks. Right? And then the clippers, they looked better in this one. James Harden had a game winning 4 point play. He had 7 assists with Russell Westbrook coming off the bench. Harden assists will likely trend up. He probably moves more towards a top 30 valuation with the, new lineup. Kawhi Leonard looked much better in this one. He decided he was gonna go do some stuff himself, and then Paul George really hasn't missed a beat. So it's possible that that was the end of the buy low. I feel like there's probably gonna be a little bit more buy low available. And then Russell Westbrook is probably gonna trend out of having Fantasy Valley. He only played 17 minutes in this ballgame. We'll see how long he's actually cool with that. I know he volunteered to come off the bench, but, really, like, do we think Russ is gonna be chill if he plays 17 minutes every game? I personally don't. But, hey, I've been wrong before. Take a quick look at the games coming up here on Monday night before we wrap up the show again. I don't think we're doing questions today because it's running long, and the show started late anyway. Nuggets, nothing. Pistons, Jalen Duran is a game time decision. That's good news, so maybe we get him back. Those ankles are a little bit concerning, though. Mentioned it earlier in the pod. Derek White, Al Horford are out for the Celtics. So does that mean that, Sam Houser gets an extra shot or 2? I don't know. Maybe He's been playable anyway until he cools off. For the Hornets, Gordon Hayward is the guy you're tracking. I still think we gotta give him at least 5 games of bad before buying that it's permanent. He's had 2 bad ones, so that means another week, basically. For the Bucks, nothing really. I mean, I guess we could say Bobby Portis is watchable. Pat Connaughton's sort of watchable, but not really. Wizards, it's everything. Try to watch the Wizards games if you can. I know it's it's hideous basketball product, but try. Knicks, it's Josh Hart. I guess if Grimes sits, you could watch Dante DiVincenzo too. I just I don't think I have the stones to play him. I don't know how many good dominate I don't know how many good Divincenzo games in a row I'd have to see before I'm like, yeah. Go ahead. Use a roto cap on him. Timberwolves, nothing. Clippers, same old stuff. You know, the Harden thing. Spurs, nothing really. Kings, nothing really. Pelicans, Jose Alvarado, basically. What does he do to the Pelicans rotations? Because I've been so in love with this Dyson Daniels stream, and I thought we had at least another week or 2 before someone might come back and ruin it. But it's possible it might be getting ruined over the next few days. We shall see. I'm sure some of you in Roanoke are gonna be like, Dan, would you play Dyson Daniels here knowing Alvarado's back? I think I still would tonight, but depending on how how many minutes Alvarado gets in this ballgame, that might change my opinion for game 2 of him coming back. Yeah. Hit you with a Lundberg there. Yeah. The Heat, nothing really. We know Duncan Robinson is the go. Alex Caruso on the Bulls is a go. Rockets, I don't think there's really anything there. I got a lot of Jabari Smith Junior questions, but it's not something that I've really changed my stance on, which is he has the possibility of fantasy value, but I always like to draft guys where I feel more confident in what they are already doing. And I know that that keeps me from looking like the smartest person in the room because I'm never gonna be the guy that is out in front of somebody's big leap. Although, I guess you could say that I was kind of out in like, that doesn't mean that I'm not gonna take a guy who's moving into more opportunity, like, I'm trying to think of, you know, Shay last year. No. That's not an opportunity one. I'm trying to think of who on the old man squad was an opportunity jump this year. I know Chet was the young guy. Oh, it doesn't matter. Like, I'll take a guy who's moving into more opportunity. I typically don't take a guy whose opportunity is either shrinking or staying the same, but I need him to just magically improve his Fantasy game. And so that was why I didn't end up I don't have Jabari Smith Jr. On any of my 9 basketball Fantasy Basketball teams this year. None. Not one. But if I did, I probably just have to wait it out. I don't really see another path with that. I mean, you could drop him, but he's really only, like, a half a steal or a half a block or one and a half shots per game, or his free throw percent improving to high seventies instead of low sit like, he's not that far away from Fantasy value. I just don't think it happens quickly or even at all. But you'd feel silly if you dropped him, and then all of a sudden it was like, oh, Jabari Smith junior is taking 2 more shots per game, and his steals and blocks went up from 1.1 combined to 2, and his free throw percentage went up to 75. Like, then you'd be kicking yourself. Still, honestly, if you dropped him, you probably wouldn't really care for a while. If he does figure things out, I don't think it's gonna be super fast. And then we just we literally just talked about the warriors. No Draymond Green for a couple more ball games. So, is it time to play Andrew Wiggins and Roto? Probably. No. I'd probably need to see it again. What about Klay Thompson? Yeah. I'm probably throwing him in there because at least he's not gonna hurt you in both percentages the way that Wiggins could. And then Lutte, who I think I'd rather play head to head than roto, but if you badly needed rebounds, that's the direction you could roll on that one. And that is your everybody's been resituated show. No, no questions today. I'm sorry. I know you guys put a lot of them in the chat room, and usually I do them, but it's already almost lunchtime here on the Pacific Coast, and we're running super duper late today. And when I say we, I mean, I, and I can see my nanny is texting me, Hammer texting me, so I gotta take that. Please, there's a lot of you guys watching right now. If just some 20 or 30 percent of you take 5 seconds now to just pause, go over, hit the like button, and subscribe, whatever it is that you're listening on or watching on, That's a huge deal. I am at Dan Besbris over on social, d a n b e s b r I s. We got another show coming up in just a couple of hours also. I'll be talking to Derek Ball about the week ahead. Get you guys situated for some streaming decisions here on week 5. Again, Fantasy NBA today, sports ethos presentation. We'll see you guys over on the socials or right back here for our next show. So long for now, everybody.