Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Good morning, everybody. Welcome back from Thanksgiving break. I hope you all had a lovely holiday. Just a few weeks until we're into another holiday break. I don't know if you guys have children out there and if they're in public school, but I do know that public school is off for 3 weeks this holiday season again. I think it's the 18th through 5th. Ridiculous. But that does give us, what, 3 weeks of normalcy here between I've got a well, I say I've gotta figure out my schedule. I know my schedule. I just know it's gonna be wacky as all get up. I am Dan Vasquez. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. It's Fantasy NBA today. We're back for a new week of shows. 2fer here on Monday. This one is our waiver wire show. We'll be going over the weekend in review, reverse chronological lightning round. You guys know the deal there. Anything that happened to any of the 30 teams over the weekend, we will be profiling that. We'll give you the ads. We'll give you the drops as it pertains to what's been going on there. And then just a quick little 5 game Monday preview as we roll into, these kinda weird weeks coming up mostly because of the, in season tournament. I don't think it's that nuts this week, if I'm not mistaken. I think this week is mostly okay until you get towards the end of it. And then next week, you'll have the, in season tournament, like, quarters and semis and stuff like that. And or maybe the quarters are at the end of this week, but then semis and the finals like, the finals doesn't count for Fantasy, and then other teams are off. And they've gotta rejigger all the schedules to make sure that everybody's got enough games going. So you know what day teams are playing, but you may not know where or who they're playing against. That's coming up, though. Luckily, we don't have to do a ton with that. But later on today, we will have our week, ahead show. That's with Derek Ball. Usually, airs around 2 o'clock Pacific time, so make sure to stay tuned to that and subscribe to the YouTube page or Spotify or Itunes or however you take in our various contents so that you can get alerted when we have that show this afternoon. And I would like to once again remind everybody to please come hang out with us over on the Discord side. You guys may have noticed that I've been doing a little bit of a push on that front lately. And, look, here's the here's the lowdown on that before we dive into all the fantasy stuff for the, the weekend here. We'll just we'll go through a whole bunch of stuff, and so get ready. Don't worry. It's coming. Basically, here's where we're at. There is a at least a medium sized likelihood that Twitter gets more and more messy over the next 6, 12, 18, 24 months, whatever it might be. Because so far, under Elon Musk, Twitter has gotten more complicated. However you wanted, like whatever you wanna however you feel about it right now, Twitter is still the fastest way to get your fantasy information. Is it easier now than it was a year ago? Absolutely not. It's more complicated. It's harder to use. You have to use weird plug ins to get TweetDeck to work if you even know what that is. The app is buggier. Finding your stuff at a feed of, edible weed ads is extremely annoying at times. So with to that end, we wanna make sure you guys have a place to go if anything does ever truly befall x slash Twitter, where I still am doing almost all my stuff. I'm not abandoning it in any way. I'm gonna continue to use it like it's gonna be there forever. But I do also think there's a chance it's not. So come hang out with us in Discord. I put the link on the board there for folks that are watching on YouTube. It's in the show description for folks that are, listening on traditional pod channels. That's the place to be. Already folks are kinda hanging out in a fun little community there, but, certainly, it's nice to have it as kind of an emergency backup. Okay. Enough of that nonsense. Enough of that, stuff. I know you could call it promo. I actually think it's sort of us just covering our bases. Let's talk about the weekend that was and see if we got anything we can do to fix up your fantasy teams. It's a 30 team reverse chronological lightning round. We'll go through Sunday Saturday, and then we'll play the, weekly game of who didn't play over the weekend because Dan's too stupid to look it up beforehand. Anyway, here we go. Portland, Milwaukee. That was the early game. Milwaukee, this is a 32 point turnaround in this basketball game. Portland led by a bunch. This was the, Damian Lillard. If you wanna call it a revenge game, which, again, like, revenge games are not always a thing. I think it's more gray than black and white on that one because certain players do get a little bit feistier to play old teams. Like, we saw Deandre Ayton, I think, play harder against the Suns than he did against some other clubs. But this was a different one because I don't think the Blazers really begrudged Dame's departure. You know, he was their leader there for a decade. He put everything into that thing. Like, the only people that are annoyed with Dame about this are the fans, and it's not like they could show up and play in Milwaukee on behalf of the blazers. So there wasn't really a true, what you call, revenge angle at play here. And, frankly, Dame didn't shoot the ball that well. I know he did a big fantasy game, but if you wanted to say, oh, he did more because it was the blazers, I don't think so. I think this is just what he's been doing against teams that aren't that great defensively. In any event, there will be times when you could exercise that rule. There will be other times where you can't. Point is here, there aren't that many fantasy angles at play in these two teams. Shaden Sharp continues to be a much better points league option than head to head. His rank actually is 190 in 9 category leagues. But if you're punt, punting field goal and turnovers, like, it kinda has to be both, unfortunately. If it's just 1 or the other, if you're punting only field goals, that gets them up to 126, which is playable in most formats, but not great. And if you're punting both, that does finally move them inside the top 100. There's this weird disconnect, though, on Sharp where, like, 2 weeks ago, I think I asked on Twitter who's been your favorite pick so far this year. And a lot of people were like, oh, Shaden Sharp. And I'm looking back at that, like, are we are we looking at the same year? Now if you're punting both field goal and turnover, he's number 75. So there you go. That's how you get him inside there. This is when we talk about on the show. And on Twitter, it's harder to do because you don't have you have a character limit. On a show, I can just yammer as long as I want. When I say someone is better built for head to head, this is what I'm talking about. A player who excels in a few categories, but is also quite bad in a few categories, and that's what sags their value down. It's not somebody that's just sort of, like, kind of okay in everything or, like, just subaverage in everything. Those guys either make sense for roto or nothing at all. The guys that have this anchor, this weight dragging them down for Sharpe, it's field goal and turnover. These are guys that play better on head to head because most head to head teams are punting at least one thing. Scoot Henderson is probably the only angle worth looking at on the Portland side. They play 27 minutes in this ballgame off the bench. 13 points, 4 boards, and an assist. Did pick up 5 fouls. They're gonna bring him along. I think it's possible that Portland realized that, sort of shoehorning him into the starting lineup and just saying, go get him, Scoot, was maybe not the best way to get him acclimated to the NBA. So they're kinda bringing him along now. He'll get to play against some second units. Better way to kinda get used to the tempo of an NBA game, the length of an NBA season, all that stuff. Now these back injury, that one more an issue than it was before. Do I think he's gonna be in the starting lineup as the year goes? Absolutely. Tomani Kamara is not gonna gonna stick as the starting power forward for that team. They'll move some bodies around. It'll probably be Jeremy Grant sliding up a slot. So my answer to the question, which is the one that keeps getting asked, what do I do about Scoot, is the same. Can you effectively kind of luxury stash him in whatever format you're playing until, I would say, January at the earliest? For me, the answer is typically no. For others, it might be yes. But we already know how this arc is gonna go. It's the same as it is for almost every rookie ball handler coming into the NBA where people have sort of the consensus this guy is gonna be very good. It takes 3 or 4 months for them to figure it out every time. Deandre Ayton has leveled off. I suppose he's worth a very brief mention. Got off to that crazy hot start because of sort of an unsustainable steals number. Now he's settling back in. He's number 40. That's kind of around where I thought he'd be this year, and so no surprises there. Malik Beasley, and I said this in the tweet storm last night, he's in one of those, can we guess if this is going to be one of the Malik Beasley good game type of moments? And lately, the answer has been more yes than no, which it's weird to say, like, we should have Malik Beasley on our fantasy teams, but he's number 106, which technically makes him a startable player in 9 cat. But he's also shooting 48 a half percent this year on what is basically a career low in usage rate. So a lot of the stuff with him feels wildly unsustainable. And if you're like, oh, he's just getting all these open looks next to Damian Lillard and Giannis Antetokounmpo. Yes. That's true. But his steals rate is well above his career mark. His 3 point percentage is a career high 46 right now. His field goal percent is the best it's been since she since, 2018, and it's actually still better than that. So there's a lot of stuff going on with Beasley that does not feel like it's gonna stick. And if you're looking at the up and down of his season, he's had, like, 3 or 4 mega games, and then everything else has been kinda crap. Do you wanna risk that in a games cap format? I'm a big no on that front. Head to head side, I guess you could kinda throw them out there. You know you're gonna get some 3 pointers. But overall, it's gonna be generally more complicated than it's worth. And Bobby Portis is another one of the guys I wanted to talk about on that Bucks side because he's been a little bit up and down. Also, a guy who technically belongs in lineups right now coming off of 2, crummy ball games, but he had 4 or 5 before that that were pretty good. And then this one was better again. He got some defensive stats, which is not really the norm for Portis. You can't expect that all the time. But it does seem like he's generally doing just barely enough with Jae Crowder out where he belongs in lineups. And you guys know I can't get past this game without talking about Brook Lopez, who now is up to number 18 in 9 category leagues. He's been ridiculous of late. I think over the past 2 weeks, he's number 5 in all of fantasy sports behind Shay, Kevin Durant, Embiid, and Tyrese Halliburton. Over the last 2 weeks, Brook Lopez is averaging 17 and a half points, 2 3 pointers a game, 6 boards, a steal, 4 blocks on 60% from the field, and 85% of the free throw line. If you're like, yeah. That's not sustainable. You'd be right. However, his slow start to the year also wasn't because he was shooting 39%. We knew that wasn't gonna stick. Where's Brook Lopez's fall? Probably somewhere between where he started and where at right now. Do I think he's gonna be number 18 all year? Unlikely. But it doesn't matter because you're not gonna get proper value back for him if you sell on Lopez because the people that have him are the people that went and got him, which is generally us. Those of us who'd love the old man stuff. Ah, well. Hey. I forgot to tell you guys to follow me on Twitter at Dan Besbridge. I know I talked about the old Discord Twitter thing, but I am at d a n b e s b r I s over there. Let's keep moving. Minnesota trounced Memphis. The grizzlies are in a bad way. Nothing really to talk about on the Minnesota side. We had this sort of passing thought of, would anybody get fantasy value with Jaden McDaniels out? And Nikhil Alexander Walker's soaked up most of the minutes, but he's not really doing much with them. So I think the answer is just no. Memphis, on the other hand okay. So Jaren Jackson junior, we need to talk about him. He finally played a full complement of minutes in this ball game, and he finally got more than 2 defensive stats to get his season mark up to 2.2 coming off of last year where he had 4. His field goal percent is down about 9 year over year. And then between those two things, that's really the difference in j j j from last season to this one. He went from a guy who was getting 4 defensive stats of all game to 2. He went from a guy who shot 50% last year to a guy who's down near 40. Here's the thing. Number 1, he's basically at a career low in 3 point percent at 30. So I do think that number comes back. I don't think his field goal percent gets all the way back to 50 or 51, which was pretty unusual for him last year given that a solid third of his shots were coming from 3 point land. And that's still where he's at. So his 2 point percent was extraordinarily high last season. And without Ja around to get him open this year, you've seen that 2 point percentage fall. You've seen the 3 point percentage fall. Everything else has been kinda normal with the exception of the defensive stats. Steals are down and blocks are down. Do I think j j j gets back to that number 12 spot? That was always gonna be a tough landing point for him because he needed to reproduce 3 blocks of ballgame, which is far easier said than done over an entire year. He could still get back there. Anything's possible. But I think you have to adjust a little bit for maybe not getting all the way to that. Do I think he gets up from 2.2 defensive stats where he is right now? Yes. Do I think his field goal percent trends up at some point this year? Yes. So to that end, j j j feels like one of the bigger by lows on the market. Question is where do you think he's gonna go and how much you think you could you you'd have to pay to get him right now? We'll talk more about that tomorrow on our Bilos show of the week where he will probably be back again. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touch down while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Otherwise, for Memphis, I think you can stream Santi Aldama. I know he wasn't as good in this one with just 14 and 7. But overall, he's just simply getting enough shots up and playing time where he should probably be in lineups. No. I'm not starting Bismoc Biambo. We've seen this story one too many times, and that's kind of where I'm at with the Grizzlies. Charlotte had some news as well. LaMelo Ball went down with an ankle sprain. Basketball monster, you can see on your screen if you're watching. They have it listed or a strain, actually. Excuse me. They have him listed as expected out for 2 ball games. I might go a little higher on that expectation just because of Ball's ankle issues historically. So this sucks. The good news, I guess, if you wanna call it that, is that Terry Rozier came back. And now he I mean, he was bad as the point guard last year, but at least he can sort of slide in that role. He'll get a lot to do. He won't do as much as LaMelo was doing, so that means that there's gonna be usage for other guys to have. Miles Bridges is doing a ton. Brandon Miller's gonna get to do more. I would assume Gordon Hayward jumps back up to doing a little bit more. So, definitely a hold on Hayward. I know he's bad in yesterday's game because he missed a bunch of free throws and shots. But overall, his role is gonna increase here with LaMelo out. I think and then as Brandon Miller goes, I'll be honest with you guys. When he had this better ballgame and I was I looked at it, I was like, has he done anything recently? And the answer is kinda. You know, he had 15 points in the previous game. He played 40 minutes the night before that at 9, 7, and 4, then he had a 29 point game before that. So he's been coming on a little bit. Hotter of late, that certainly plays a role. He has 11 3 pointers in his last 4 ball games. Probably not a number that sticks since he had 2 in his previous 7 games. And this is a spot, I think, where we just have to look and say, alright. Somebody's running hot right now. Brandon Miller's running hot. He'll probably continue to do so for, I don't know how many a couple more games, and he'll have more usage with no LaMelo. So you could probably play Miller in all formats. You could almost definitely play him in head to head. Roto is more the question mark there. Bridges, if you're comfortable rooting for him, obviously, he's a go. Rozier's a go. I'm I don't have Miles Bridges. And then Gordon Hayward for me slots back in as a goal as well. Orlando's a team that didn't have a ton of story lines up until about, 3 or 4 games ago, and then Cole Anthony just caught fire. I mean, he's gone completely nutso, and this was, like, the mega game to end all mega games. Thing is over the entire season, Cole Anthony is still outside the top 150. And so when I typed stuff like that in on Twitter over the weekend, people were like, what are you talking about? Cole Hanley's been incredible. Well, he again fits more that head to head profile where over the last 2 weeks since he's sorta kicked it into a higher gear, he's been a nice positive impact free throw guy. He's been a okay impact points, boards, and assist guy from a guard spot, but he hasn't done much defensively. His field goal percent has been kind of a medium size negative, and so those things do counterbalance each other. What does that mean? Well, while he's running this hot, you can probably play him in every format. K? We have to react to the stuff that's happening right in front of our eyes. Over the last week, Cole Anthony's been extraordinary, and he's been a top fifty play for 7 days, which I think for is 3 or 4 games for him. Weighted heavily by this last one where he went for 30 points, 7 boards, 7 assists, 2 steals, and a block. His steals and blocks have been up the last week. His free throws have been very high the last week. The Magic been playing out of their minds. And you'd like to say, oh, well, you know, defenses help. Yeah. Charlotte defense stinks, but he did some of it against Boston. They're a good team. He did some of it against Denver. They're a good team. So it's all you can say, oh, well, he just had these cake pastry matchups. He's just been really hot. And while he's running hot, Orlando's given him extra playing time. So play Cole Anthony while this is going. Some of it has to do with the fact that Markelle Fultz has been out for a few weeks. Okay. That's fine. But it's okay to ride a hot hand. It also seemed like at the end of last week, Goga Bitadze had kinda won the center job, and then Moe Wagner had a huge game against Boston. And then they basically split 37 minutes in this one, and we're back to, what do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? There's the answer to your question of who to start between Butadi and Moe Wagner. The elephant o. So I'm gonna probably go back to neither. Suns. Without Kevin Durant, last two ball games. And if you thought, oh, boy. Devin Booker gets to do a lot when Bradley Beal is down. Devin Booker gets to do even more when Beal and Durant and Grayson Allen, for whatever that's worth, are all out. This is the Devin Booker show. 25 shots and 11 assists. This is like when Trae Young didn't have anybody running next to him either. You're gonna get some absolutely ridiculous fantasy lines out of Booker right now, so enjoy the hell out of it. Is it a sell high? A little bit, but you're not gonna get anybody better than where you drafted Booker anyway. So stick with it. I still think that he cools substantially when both book, Beal and Durant are there. But we are now more than a month into the fantasy season, and such a game has not yet happened. This is reminding me an awful lot of last year when I was like, yeah. Trey Murphy, you just keep rolling him out there until the Pelicans get healthy, and people were like, Dan, he's better than a streamer. And I was like, maybe. We haven't seen it. Obviously, Booker is not the same thing. He's he's, you know, a top 30 play no matter how you shake it out. The question is, is he a top 6 play, which he is right now when everybody's cooked on that team, or is he more like 20 when they're fully healthy? We'll find out. Either way, you're in good shape right now. Would I stream Jordan Goodwin if everybody's out again for the next ball game? Maybe. I think him playing well and being hot helped. Eric Gordon is your safe play, if we can even call it that, with both, Durant and Beal down because he's the most likely to go take 15 shots. And that could hurt you in a lot of ways, but he's may he's liable to make 3 to 5 3 pointers if he's getting that many looks at a bucket, and you kinda just have to roll with that. Kayda Bates Joppa is the guy who got the start for KD. He can do some across the board stuff, but he profiles more as just sort of your standard run of the mill streamer as opposed to someone you can use in all formats. I really have to be careful with my words. When I call somebody a streamer, I'm probably talking about head to head. When I call somebody an injury fill in or an all formats guy, that should be a little bit more across the board. By the way, the, Jaylen Brunson buy low window has officially expired. He's now inside the top 50 in 9 cat after another big ballgame here, so no surprises there. Emanuel Quickley's minutes have been trending up a little bit. He's another guy who profiles much better in head to head than Roto because, again, pretty good in points, decent in threes, very good free throws, not much else. So the bad outweighs the good for Roto on Quickley, but the good probably outweighs the bad in head to head because, presumably, you're punting something in head to head. Is it steals? Is it blocks? Is it boards? If it's any of those things, Quickley adds a big boost in value. He's a very good punt steals guard. Those are all these weird little hoops you gotta jump through, but it it all makes sense if you look at it deeply. RJ Barrett finally had a quiet ballgame. Like, he's been one of the easiest sell guys to start the year, and now he's kind of petered out. He's number 147 in 9 cat. This was the least surprising thing on planet Earth, so let's just keep on going. Oh, Josh Hart, probably droppable. I feel like I've now made up my mind. We've seen them in some competitive ball games. His in minutes have been more like 24 to 28 as opposed to 28 to 31. When RJ Barrett is healthy, Josh Hart does not get to play enough. Hawks. Forgot I haven't done a show since Jalen Johnson went down. That's sad. That makes me sad. It makes me frown. Jalen Johnson out for a month, maybe a little bit longer with a pretty bad wrist sprain. That sucks. Sadik Bey is likely your fill in guy. I know he didn't do all that much in this ball game, but he's almost definitely gonna play 29 or more minutes most every ball game. He was at 29 exactly in this one, or he was, like, 7 seconds shy of it. He'll have more than 7 points in most of these games. He'll, he'll get you some rebounds. He'll get you some threes. He'll get you some steals. It should be good enough for all formats, I think, on bay because the other options there are just not. How's that for analysis? Deandre Hunter is back into one of his ridiculous heaters. You wanna talk about, like, one of the streakiest players in the NBA? Hunter is that guy. He's, it was nuts. He started the year shooting, like, 55% for 2 weeks, and he was a top 50 guy. And then he just vanished. I mean, completely and totally disappeared. After his first five games, he he scored 9, 27, 15, 26, and 23 points. And then over the next let's see. What is that? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 games. He went for 4, 8, 12, 10, oh, 16, 5, 9, and 7 points. And, really, remember, he doesn't do much besides just score. And then his last 3, 25, 20, and 24. I mean, this dude is all over the damn map, so you know the heat is wearing off at some point. And when it does, Sadik Bey is gonna be the guy who likely benefits from that. Meanwhile, Bogdan Bogdanovic, one of the really good late grabs in fantasy drafts. I did not have him here. That one feels like a guy that just sort of slipped through. I think we all still assume that his knee is gonna act up, but they're mostly keeping his minutes in check, not so much in this ballgame. And maybe he has to play a little more with Jalen Johnson out, but keep running him out there. And I know on Yeko Okonkwo only had 4 points and 3 rebounds, but he played 27 minutes, 2 steals, a block, made both of his shots. I don't wanna hear questions about him. He is a very easy hold. He's number 86, and he still hasn't even really had a chance to bust out this year. Be cool. Be cool, honey bunny. Hey. First game for the Celtics without Kristaps Porzingis. He's gonna miss a a one would assume a couple of weeks. Caf stuff is not a real fast recovery time, although it didn't sound too bad. Big Al Horford, man. I I don't I mean, Celtics grabbed 58 rebounds in this ballgame, so that helped everybody. It was a very high paced ballgame even though the teams didn't score all that much. Big Al, 6 points, 15 boards, 3 assists, a steal, and 2 blocks. I mean, the only thing he didn't do in this game was hit a 3 pointer, and he he tried. It just didn't go down. He's in all all formats play with Porzingis out. We've seen this already when the Celtics are missing either their power forward or their center. Horford's the guy that drops in there, but this is the best case scenario for him because he gets to play the 5. When he and Porzingis are out there together, they're sort of interchangeable 4, 5. Playing the 5 is great for big men. Playing the 5 is great for anybody. Remember when Rob Covington was a 5? Remember when LeBron was a 5? So good to be back near the rim, especially on defense. Rebounds, blocks, field goal percent on offense. Juicy, man. Let's roll with big Al. And just remember, he's still big Al Horford. He's still 900 years old. And so there will be a game in here where he goes for 4 points, 8 or 4 points, 5 boards, and a steal. And everybody's gonna be like, you suck, Dan. And I'll be like, just remember, it's over the whole period. It's a roto guy. He's not gonna score that much. He's a roto guy. But I dig it. I can dig it. Sam Hauser played 32 minutes off the bench in this one. That was kinda surprising, how the whole thing shook out, I guess. But, Celtics were also missing Drew Holiday for this game, so that played a role. I don't know why my brain farted on that a little bit. Don't know about Banton. I still wanna call him Blanton. I know everybody wants to call him Blanton. It's just Banton. Got the start, didn't do very much. That's why Hauser got more playing time. Hauser seems more comfortable coming off the bench. He's a 3 pointer stream, and, let's keep going. This has taken me a while, everybody. I'm fully aware of that, but I thought we could really go through it kind of fine tooth comb. And, so we might not get to as many questions, but, hopefully, we'll basically cover every player in the damn NBA, and maybe you won't have any. Hey. Jakob Poeltl is fine. Thank goodness. He was such a weird start to the year. I admit I was starting to get nervous, but he's been really good last I guess it's been about 3 weeks, give or take. Top 60 last 3 weeks. Steals and blocks are starting to come around. He has one of the best 2 point percentages in the NBA. So phew as we wipe our brow. That one started to make me a tiny bit nervous, but he leveled off. Dennis Schroder has officially fallen outside the top 100, and I am not an idiot after all. Or I am an idiot, but at least I'm not an idiot about this particular thing. Remember when he was top 50 and I started to think I was a complete idiot? Only kind of one now. That's over the last 3 weeks. Sorry. I gotta get my stats right. Schroeder does still just hang on inside the top 100 overall. But last 3 weeks, he's just outside the top 100, and that feels more like the sustainable mark for him. Also, Scottie Barnes starting to slowly trend down after the world's hottest start in the universe. Rebounds are down from 10. Scoring is back under 20. Defensive stats are at 2.9. We always knew he was gonna come back down. That was just not a sustainable start. Scottie Barnes over the last 3 weeks is number 30, which again feels like a number that could probably stick a little bit easier, and that's okay. He'd still be a draft day win and still a miss for yours truly, but first round was always a bit of a reach. Hey. How about Max Strouse? So, look, I don't wanna spend that much time on Strouse because you guys know I love him. He's just basically been top 60 almost every single week all year long. Remarkably consistent. He's number 58 right now. He's rebounding like a monster, and it's been consistent all season. And he's always up there with the top minutes played on the team. They just love him. He provides a floor spacing element they didn't have last year. He defends better than George Niang, although there are a game there's some games here and there where Niang gets a few extra looks. But I I just I wanna remind everybody of, like, that 1st week of the year where we saw Struce go nuts, and I I wanna feel I wanna say I learned my own lesson. So I wanna make this more about me than it is about everybody else. Because a lesson that I've learned over the years is that sometimes I was too bashful about a pickup because I didn't believe something was sustainable. Or I felt like it was because somebody was missing or I just sort of talked myself out of it. But we saw Struce put up those really big games right out of the chute. And remember, I think the first game of the year, maybe Garland was out, but one of those one or two of those early games this year, that team was fully healthy other than Jared Allen, and he still did it. And so in those games, I'm looking at it like, okay. You know, what am I doing here with this dude? What am I do I treat him as though this is a flash in the pan, or do I treat it like something that we just missed? And finally this year, I I said, I think this is something that the whole analyst community missed because almost none of us had Struce on our board. I'm sure there's someone out there that did, and I don't know. I I don't have the time to look through and see what everybody else's rankings are. But most of us that are sort of high profile, I guess, we didn't have him on our boards. We thought he was gonna do the same crap he did it in Miami last year. But, like, that first game even, when he put up a big line, sure, that was cool. But it was a 39 minutes that caught my eye. And then the second game, his line wasn't as big, but he played 38 minutes. That's what caught my eye. And then the 3rd game, I think, was an overtime game. He played 42 minutes. So, basically, 37 for regulation. That's what was catching my eye, and I thought this guy's gonna go through a slump at some point. But if we continue to see minutes that are like, he's among some of the league leaders in minutes played this year. Isn't that nuts? I think he's, like, 20th in the league in minutes per game. This is Max Struss we're talking about. That's why I stuck it out because the minutes were huge. And so you knew everything else would level off, but those giant minutes meant just more involvement, more rebounding opportunities, more assisting opportunities, the steals and blocks, which is not really, like, a claim to fame for him. And they're still not, frankly. He's at, what, point 9 steals, point 6 blocks. But 35 minutes a game was never a number that he sniffed in the past. He's, like, 20% higher than almost every any season he's ever had, and his role is bigger. And Donovan Mitchell and and or Carys LeVert or Darius Garland, they seem to be out, like, every 2 games. So that's not bad either. So that's why I came on the show and on Twitter, and I said, this guy is an ad, and I want you guys holding him for a while because something new is happening. This is not my way of trying to toot my own horn. In fact, it's a way of me trying to say, I made idiotic mistakes in the past where I saw something like this, and I was like, nah. I come on. This is player x. He's never done this type of thing. But this year, I finally learned from those mistakes, and I said, this is a guy who's being given a different role and a different opportunity, and I'm gonna believe what I'm seeing as opposed to what I saw in the past. And I hope we can all learn a lesson from that because it took me 20 damn years to learn the lesson, but I finally did. And it's paying off with this guy. It's fun to have an example of of yourself. This is a self improvement moment for me. Good to see Darius Garland in this game also. He hurt his neck against the lakers, left that ball game in the 3rd and didn't come back, but he played in this one and he actually played relatively well. Minus 5 more turnovers. Garland, what are you doing, man? Do you not know what your own team's jersey looks like? Pass to the proper team. And, Jared Allen's back, by the way. He's, inside the top 70 now, so that Bilal window is gone. Caris LeVert. Okay. Look. I man, I'm taking too long with every one of these games, but screw it. We got a lot to talk about. Caris LeVert was a guy I had sort of softened my stance on earlier this year, but he's now, fallen back into the, oh, this Caris LeVert type of thing. And it's not about a usage dip. It's just about efficiency. He he needs to be getting so much usage to to overwhelm the inefficiencies that he now falls back into a head to head only kind of play. He's simply too bad at field goal percent, free throw percent for me to use him in a roto. I can't do it. He scores. He gets steals. He sometimes hits threes. All of that stuff is good if you're just trying to compile on a head to head side. But, Roto, he's no longer a play. And I probably should've said that last week, but I forgot, so I'm saying it now. Chicago, they gotta be on the cusp of blowing it up at this point. I I mean, the Bulls are an unmitigated disaster from an actual basketball standpoint. At least, fantasy wise, they're kinda hanging in there to this point. Zach LaVine got off to a slow start. He's gotten better. He's now inside the top 60 on the year. I feel like it happened and nobody even noticed that it happened. Remember when he was in the nineties? It only takes a couple of decent ball games. DeMar DeRozan is right next to him. They're both basically right at 60, which is, I guess, a little bit disappointing, but certainly not back breakingly bad. I think Vooch is right around there also, isn't he? Yeah. All 3 of those guys are basically right at 60. All 3 are slightly behind where they got drafted. DeRozan was going in the late forties. LaVine actually, Vooch was going around 55 or 60, so he's basically right where he got drafted. LaVine, I think, was maybe 5 slots in front of him. Effectively, they're all basically ADP matches to this point. But I want them to blow it up because I think all of these guys would get a fresh take on life if they were somewhere else or, hell, start to blow it up. Take one of those dudes away, and the other ones will have plenty of usage to pick up for it. But they're not even the point. Point is they're fine. You can keep trotting them out there. Kobe White is the main guy. I talked about it last week, and the week before once the Zach LaVine is on the trade block news dropped. And I've been vocally anti Kobe White as a Fantasy play because he's very bad at field goal percent. He doesn't rebound. He actually doesn't score as much as folks were giving him credit for in the past. His defensive stats didn't sort of cover up the other stuff. And he's consistently outside the top 150 in fantasy even when things are going well for him. But I want to once again iterate. So reiterate, I believe, is the appropriate English word for that. What I said as soon as the Zach LaVine news broke, which is figure out how long you can stash Kobe White. Because if the answer is any medium length of time, you should do it. Do I think he's playable right now? I mean, this is a good ball game, but, generally, the answer is no because of his fantasy problems, the holes in his stat set. You could probably get away with playing him on the head to head side. If you can get him in roto, I think I would do it and then just sit on him. Because at some point, the plug's getting pulled. I mean, this team stinks. They stink. They're one of the worst net rating teams for their, like, for a healthy core in the NBA. They're 5 and 13. They're 4 games back of the play in tournament. I feel like we've all thought the Hornets have been really bad this year, and the Bulls are a game and a half back of them. Blech. Anyway, try to stash Kobe White. However you can, try to do it. No Nick Claxton on the Brooklyn side, and Cam Johnson, as folks watching, can see left with leg cramps. Hopefully, this is a very small thing for him because Cam was coming on, baby. Worked his way up inside the top 70 after a slow start. This game pushed him just slightly out of the top 70 since he didn't get to finish it, but he's doing all the things we wanted him to do. Scoring threes, steals on good percentages. I like Cam Johnson a lot, so hopefully he gets better. I think the more interesting stuff in this ballgame, big games from Royce O'Neil, and very productive game from Doreen Finney Smith. That's because Nick Claxton and Ben Simmons are both out. It also doesn't hurt that Cam Thomas is still out. Cam Thomas and Ben Simmons being out is very good for Spencer Dinwiddie. I got yelled at on Twitter for saying Dinwiddie was kind of a maybe for me. And, frankly, I was probably being a little bit too cruel to him. He's a play with Ben Simmons and Cam Thomas out. I don't know that he's I frankly, I don't think he's gonna be a 9 cat roto level guy if Simmons and Thomas both come back. He's iffy when Cam Thomas comes back and possibly a no on that front too because Dinwiddie generally doesn't do much besides points, threes, and assists. Struggles with steals, typically struggles with rebounding, struggles with field goal percent a lot. Turnover's usually kinda high. Free throw percent is meh, not great. It was that it's good in this ballgame. I don't want you guys to use this one game as the example. But when all these guys are out and his usage is through the roof and he's basically the last initiator on the team, he's gonna be good. K? But all these things can be true at the same time. I need everybody to hold, like, 4 thoughts in their head all at once. By the way, when Nick Claxton comes back, Royce O'Neil and Dorian Finney Smith, they go away. When Claxton's out, we've seen Finney Smith in particular has been useful. And then Royce O'Neil was the guy who picked up when Simmons was also out. So you got all these streaming options with the Nets. Question is who's playing in their next damn ball game. Well, it happened, guys. Victor Wembanyama had the true line of the night, one of the lines of the year with 10 combined defensive stats and a double double. 22 points, 11 rebounds, 6 steals, 4 blocks, 2 3 pointers. I mean, this is crazy. These are the kinds of wild lines that you're gonna get from time to time from Wembley this year. He's still learning the NBA. I think Jokic had the quote, after the ballgame where it was like, look. This guy's gonna change the league. He's still learning. He's still making mistakes, and that's fine. And that's basically what Jokic said. He's like, he's gonna make mistakes this year. Yeah. And you drafted him probably at 15 or 17 or wherever he was going on those last 2 weeks before the season starts. And you're probably looking at it right now like, well, yeah, that's the reasonable way to feel about it because he has one of the most imbalanced Fantasy profiles so far this year. He's been atrocious in turnover. He's very poor in field goal percent. Amazing in blocks. Wonderful in steals. Rebounds have been great. Like, everything's all over the map. At the end of the day, he is going to be, forget this year, for, like, hopefully a long time, one of the most fun players to have on your fantasy team. It's just that this year, there's also gonna be some stressors along the way where he's gonna have a game where he shoots, like, 4 for 25, but also blocks 5 shots. And you're gonna be going, I don't even know how to feel about this damn ball game. Spurs are terrible, by the way. Tried to warn you guys about that. And, hopefully, it doesn't creep in on games played for these guys, but it might at some point this year. Or maybe they're pretanking, like the Wizards and, the Pistons. Pistons were supposed to be getting better this year. Tried to warn you guys about that one too. Anyway, Zach Collins as a whole, this wasn't as good of a ball game. I do think he had a little bit of foul stuff early. His turnovers continue to kinda sag his overall numbers. Because if you're punting turnovers, he's he's inside the top 100. I think you can probably weather that storm even on the roto side because he's not really hurting you a lot elsewhere. And if you draft like I draft, you're pretty good in turnovers going into the late rounds, so you can take that hit. Bigger story in this one, I think, is Jeremy Soehan coming out early with some knee issues. We didn't really get a chance to see if Trae Jones would make up for Soehan, but he's the guy that you're looking at like, oh, okay. Maybe maybe this is finally the opportunity for Trae Jones to get in the mix. He's outside the top 180 on the year. And I feel like people also need to remember that Trae Jones got plenty of opportunity last season, and he was right around the edge of the top 100. 13 points, 6 and a half assists, 1.3 steals, and no outside shot. That's basically what he would be if, I think, if Sohan misses time. I don't know that that's necessarily, like, all systems go anyway, but it is playable for whatever that's worth. Denver side, little bit of a lead burying moment here. One of the news breaks of the morning is that Jamal Murray is getting close. He's now been upgraded to, like, in the mix for this week. I think Shams had a tweet that was like, he's not playing tonight, but he's getting there, which means the Reggie Jackson I couldn't deal with it stream is close to over. This was a better game for Reggie Jackson, which meant that over the last 3 weeks, he got inside the top 200. I don't wanna hear it from anybody about him. He's not been good enough for any format while Jamal Murray's been out other than if you needed, like, a 3 games and 4 nights kinda thing, schedule play only kind of dude. And even then, you probably could have found better options unless the only category you needed was points. Anyway, it's soon to be done. Aaron Gordon set this game out as well. Justin Holliday got a weird little spot start and didn't do anything with it. So who cares? That's my big story for that one. Alright. Well, that was a busy Sunday. Will oh, Wilbourn, our party's just getting started. We got plenty more teams to cover here, so let's continue on. And while I do that, I wanna welcome in the many of you that joined to watch live, since the last time I said hello to everybody. Hi to the very large group of you that's joining and taking in your fantasy basketball here on this lovely little Monday. I am Dan Besperis. You're listening to Fantasy NBA Today. Please take a moment to find me on social at danbespris, d a n b e s b r I s. And, also, please take a second to go hunt hunt down our sports ethos Discord. It is free to get in there. If you upgrade and get a Fantasy Pass at sports ethos, you can get cool other things unlocked in Discord, but you don't need to. I wish you would because it helps power the website, but you don't need to. Just come hang out with us there. It's a community that's building right now. Folks are asking each other questions. I love when people in Discord do the, sort of an a or b thing and, like, click the red circle if you agree with that side or the yellow. Like, you don't even have to type anything. You just vote. That's my favorite. There's a lot of that going on in there right now. And every time every once in a while, I'll pop in and do it as well. So come hang out with us there. And, again, if you can't find it in the chat room and you can't find it on your screen right now, it's in the show description. Let's talk Saturday. Well, Nick Patum had a good ballgame on Saturday, and Kelly O'Bray is supposedly somewhat close. Although, the Sixers play the Lakers. Batum always has a good game against the Lakers, don't they? Feel like you could probably take a chance on him for one game, but I know as soon as I said that out loud, I'm gonna regret it. Otherwise, there's nothing to really to monitor on the Sixers side. Embiid missed a ball game, and Paul Reed was awesome. Let's just remember that that's a thing. Not that anybody didn't think that was coming. I don't even really know what to say about the Thunder right now. Josh Giddey played in this ballgame, but for how long so if you guys haven't heard the news, and I'm gonna do my best to sorta tap dance around it, Josh Giddey is involved in a story that has him allegedly having inappropriate relations with a high school sophomore. We don't know the legitimacy of any of it. Presumably, the NBA is investigating what's going on. And at some point in the next, I don't know how long, couple of weeks, we will get a report on it. And if there's anything nefarious, we might not see Giddey for a while. Now maybe it comes through clean. Also possible. You guys know I was, well, this is certainly not why I said to avoid drafting Josh Giddey. It's just because I didn't think he was gonna have much 9 Cat Fantasy game, and that part has turned out to be accurate. What do you do if you had him on your team and you ignored my please? He was on my bust list coming into the year. I don't think you can sell him. I don't think anybody's gonna want him with all the story stuff swirling, and he certainly hasn't been good enough outside the top 209 cat right now. So you might be stuck with a drop at some point. Oh, well. Jalen Johnson's still out with a hip injury. I still think he's a bye low because I don't think he's gonna miss that much more time, but, yeah, do with that as you see fit. Miami, they were without everybody for this game in Brooklyn. No Bam, no Jimmy, no Tyler Herro. Those are the big ones. So the expectation for this one was probably a decent game out of Kyle Lowry, which he was fine. He wasn't great. He was okay. Probably a decent game out of Jaimee Haquez junior, and he was much better. There was a chance that Josh Josh Richardson would have an okay game, and he did have an okay game. We thought maybe Thomas Bryant had a chance to do, like, a 20 some odd minute performance, and he was terrible. And then Caleb Martin kinda came out of nowhere to get the 31 bench minute. Hey. It's playoff Caleb Martin getting taught from shooting kinda thing. Here's the deal. I don't know who's gonna be available for Miami's next ball game. I believe they don't play again until tomorrow. He says very slowly while trying to look it up on the fly. Yes. They play tomorrow. I would assume that Butler's back at the very least. Maybe Bam as well. This felt a little bit like an opportunity for a team playing pretty well to give their guys a back to back off and then earn them what was effectively, like, 3 days of rest for, you know, 4 game stretch between ball games. So I'm thinking they probably get Bam and Jimmy back for the next one tomorrow. I can't be certain. But when those guys were in and Hero's been out, Lowry, Hotquez, and then Duncan Robinson, who was also out for this ball game, were the guys that were streamable. I don't know what the status of Duncan Robinson as well. We'll just kinda have to attack this tomorrow. We already talked Brooklyn, so let's keep moving along from that one. We talked Atlanta already. How about Washington? Washington. This was a classic Washington Wizards getting destroyed Saturday ball game. They lost by 28. I wanted to make sure I had the exact number right on that one. So nobody got normal minutes again. Jordan Poole was also a very late scratch. I think it was scratched actually between the official start of the game time or the the listed start time and the official start time. This is a game that was supposed to start, I think, at, like, 4 o'clock Pacific time. But, you know, in the NBA, although games start 10 minutes after the hour. And I think he was scratched between 4 and 4 10, which basically meant that nobody could move him in or out of their lineups. That sucks. Corey Kispert got the start and, you know, fart sound effect to streaming him into your lineup. I wouldn't make an adjustment from this game, to any of the starters. You know, Tyus Jones had actually been on a pretty good run before this one. Got himself inside the top 100 because of it. This game bumped him right back outside of it. Jordan Poole prior to the late scratch, he'd been on his slow climb up the board. Again, there's really not a whole lot you could do about that. Denny Avdi has been the guy who's actually cooled off a little bit, and he's now fallen outside the top 100. I think he can hang out pretty close to where he's been, though, which keeps him playable. Daniel Gafford has been the, you know, big numbers in low minutes dude there. Great. Just keep trucking. And then, a lot of questions that keep coming in about Bilal Coolabili. He's number 176 on the year in 26 minutes of ballgame. I've said it a 1000 times. I'll say it a 1,000 and 1. He's really more of a stash for later in the year if guys get out of the way and he actually gets to take a few shots. As it stands right now, even when he's getting the minutes, he's not getting to actually touch the basketball. And you kinda need to do that to put up numbers. Lakers beat the Cavs on Saturday. That was a pretty good win for LA, actually, considering they're down to 8 rotation guys. Lakers are missing. Let's see if I can do this off the top of my head. They're missing, Gabe Vincent, Cam Reddish, Rui Hajimura, and Jared Vanderbilt. None of whom are game changers, but all 4 of whom were expected to play probably about 20 minutes a game, maybe even a tiny bit more for some. So you think of it that way, you know, that's, like, 70 to 90 minutes that are getting wedged into the remaining players. And in this one, it meant, a whole hell of a lot of time for the starters. And one of those was Max Christie who I don't know how many minutes he was supposed to get all year, but he got 33 in this one damn ballgame. Is he a fantasy ad? No. Is Torrian Prince a fantasy ad? Maybe. Not that he did all that much more than Christie. It's just that Prince gets some defensive stats. You know he's gonna take some 3 pointers out there even if he's been ice cold from 3. I think you could probably get away with a Prince stream for the Lakers game against Philly just because there's literally nobody else who's gonna take those minutes from him. He's gonna play 30. Unless, I guess, there's a chance Cam Reddish pops back up. I think he's questionable for this one, so I guess that could put a hole into it. But as it stands right now, you know, just put him on the floor for 32 minutes, and he'll probably get you something like this. A few points, a few boards, a few assists, a few defensive stats, a 3 or a couple of them. Otherwise, everything's pretty straightforward with this team. The core 4, which, Braun, AD, Austin Reeves, and D'Angelo Russell. LeBron cooled a little bit last couple of ball games, which has dropped him now to number 20 in 9 cat. And likely, he does continue to trend downward, not because there's anything wrong with LeBron. He's having an unbelievable season, but because he's actually physically doing less this year. Except for this ball game, he took 23 shots, and not surprisingly, the efficiency took a hit. He's less as questionable as he is for every ball game, and I'll worry about that when he actually misses 1. Pelicans lost in Utah. That was kinda weird. This is a team that's been playing pretty well lately. What's the Pelicans record right now? New Orleans, they're 9 and 8, which boy. I thought they were doing better than that. Color me surprised. Anyway, they tried some, other lineups here, and some of them worked, some of them didn't. Jose Alvarado got 23 minutes. That's something to keep an eye on. Dyson Daniels still played 34 minutes, but Herb Jones, saw his minutes clipped in this ballgame. Jonas Valancunas was in those mid twenties again. There's a lot to sort of monitor with New Orleans. Now this was also the Zion rest game, so that meant a whole lot of extra shots for Ingram, for Jordan Hawkins. I'll admit I'm not set in how I feel about the Pels right now. Dyson Daniels had 7 defensive stats. He's been a guy that I've loved to stream while CJ McCollum's been out, but he's also been kinda quiet. Couple of games where there were some blowouts, he got he didn't play his full 30 minutes. He's never gonna be a loud offensive player, Dyson Daniels. He's gonna get his fantasy stats from boards, assists, and steals, and he needs to be out there to get them. Do I trust throwing him out there in their next ballgame? Honest to goodness, I just don't know. I wish I had a clean yes or no answer for you guys on that one. If you're looking for steals, the answer is probably yes. If you're looking for the full roto package that he was given for a little bit, and he did in this ball game, the answer is I don't really know. And when I don't know, I tend to shy towards a no. You do what you like to, though. Keep an eye on Jose Alvarado. I I don't think that he's gonna get up to enough minutes before Mccallum comes back for it to truly matter, but I suppose you never know. And then with Hawkins, he's not a guy that's had fantasy value when Zion's been in there, And so I'm gonna go ahead and assume that this was more your one off and take it from there. On the Jazz side, they were without Lowry Markkanen. They were without Jordan Clarkson for this ballgame, but they did get Walker Kessler back. And in 21 bench minutes, he double doubled with 2 blocks, also had 5 fouls. Omer Yertsevian started over him. I cannot imagine that that continues for the long term. This felt like an ease, Kessler back in kind of ballgame. And I have to say, this is about as good as he looked in every ballgame this year, putting up a double double in 21 minutes. Can you still buy on Kessler? Probably not. Because whoever had him during his injured stretch is probably now excited to get him back. You probably needed to buy when he went down for his injury, but I do think this is gonna be a pretty good run for him coming. And if there's any chance you can get your hands on him for slightly less than full price, then you probably do it. I don't think that I'm fully bought in on Kelly Olynyk. I know he had a good ballgame here, fantasy wise, but the 24 minutes is typically not quite enough for him to get it done. You saw the reserves play extra for Utah. They were the the group that made the comeback. You know, Taylor and Tucker was out there for it. Olinik was out there for it. Ochayabhaji was out there for some of it. So this is a little bit of a weird fantasy line game. Everybody on the team basically played 19 to 26 minutes. That's wild, by the way. 5, 10 players, and I think every single one of them was between 19 and 27. That's something in it. Freaky little footnote on this ballgame. Colin Sexton had 16 points if Jordan Clarkson misses another game. He's someone you could look at if you just need scoring. And then Keontae George, who had the prototypical young dude running an offense game because the guys that are supposed to take the usage burden off of him were out. 15 points, 6 boards, 5 assists, 4 3 pointers. You're looking at those 4 categories and going, hot dog. And then you realize 0 steals, 0 blocks, 31% from the field, 60% of the free throw line, 5 turnovers. Rut row. All that said, I still like Keontae George as a hold. I just think he's better served as the guy giving the ball to the more established dudes around him. Dallas got blown out by the Clippers. Somebody told me that Derek Lively was not worth holding. And I don't know if they meant just because he's hurt or because he hasn't been good enough, but he very much has been good enough this year, especially if you eliminate the game where he left early due to injury. He's basically, like, number 100 on the nose without that ballgame. He's won 11 when you include it. That's a 12 team 9 cat guy in all formats. So, yeah, if you can hold on to Lively, I think I would. I also think he trends up as the year goes because as you can see, the Mavs are not as good without him. These are all thing. And I admit, I was a little skeptical the 1st week or 2 of the season with Lively because I'm like, look. This team has Dwight Powell. They have Maxi Kliba. They have Rashaun Holmes. They have 3 other veteran options at center. Klayba's been basically hurt the whole damn year. But right now, Lively is the only guy that's giving them an edge at that spot. The other dude's all aged a 100 years in the last 2 seasons. Also wanted to point out, as all analysts have said, this is not me saying I was right. This is me saying that we've all seen it a 1000 times. Tim Hardaway junior has finally cooled off, and he's now number 150. Ride him when he's hot. Abandon ship as fast as you can when he's cold. I have mixed feelings on Norman Powell. Right at the moment, they are more positive than negative because it does kinda seem like he's embraced this role of coming off the bench with this Clippers team and being the guy that receives Russell Westbrook passes and then just firing like a madman. Like but then this ballgame happened, and he almost took no shots, but he made all of them. So I don't really know what the hell is going on with Norman Powell. I'm gonna call him an ad right now to just see how it shakes out because he's been getting more Q4 minutes lately. The 24 and a half minutes in this ballgame was somewhat blowout related, although he's kind of into that range most of these ballgames. And, normally, I'd say that's not enough, but he's just out there and he's firing. So I'm gonna give Norman Powell a look. I'm fully aware that if he goes through a cold spell and the minutes trend down or just the overall value trends down with it, then you could fall off a cliff. But I don't know. I kinda like it right now, and I kinda wanna see where it goes. We're up at an hour, aren't we? Holy crap. I'm talking a lot. Okay. Let's play our weekly game of, did Dan forget any teams from Friday, or did everybody play over the weekend? Boston, good. Orlando, good. Phoenix, good. Memphis, good. Miami, good. Knicks, good. Chicago, Toronto. Detroit, we didn't talk about. Sacramento, we didn't talk about. Houston, we didn't talk about. And Golden State, we didn't talk about. So we got 4 more. Lucky for you guys, those teams are not all that complicated. But let's spend a minute with Detroit because they are very bad. Bojan Bogdanovic is gonna help them. When he comes back, he's likely to play a decent chunk of minutes because, frankly, they need somebody that can score the damn basketball. I was happy to see Jalen Duran come back. He came off the bench, and he that's fine. Mean, he played 29 minutes. That's sort of the more important part. So get him fired back up. Marvin Bagley is now, a no longer an option. Isaiah Stewart was okay in this ballgame, but he also falls off the cliff. The other name you're watching there, in addition to the fact that Asar Thompson has slowed down, which should be a surprise to literally nobody, because, like, everything he was doing was way out over his skis. He probably profiles more as, like, more of this top 100 kinda guy, is Jaden Ivy, who has these big issues with his fantasy game. Do we know if he can overcome them? I'm inclined to think no. People keep asking me if, like, is he an automatic pickup? He's had a couple of really good games, but he's had some very good shooting games to get there. He's not a great foul shooter. He's typically not that great field goal percent guy. He's not gonna be the big assist dude because Cade is back. That's the way that he could have potentially floated his numbers. So I, you know, I picked him up on a keeper league team, I think it was. I I can't remember where. I I had him in, like, 1 or 2 spots just to see what happens, but I'm I think the odds that Ivy has 12 team value are pretty low, but not all the way at 0. What he has done is rendered poor Alec Burks unusable, and so that's fine. What was the other team I mentioned? The Sacramento Kings. Not a ton of surprises there. Keegan Murray's missed a couple here, and Harrison Barnes has been the guy to do a little bit more. Couple extra shots from Malik Monk as well. Both those guys profile more as head to head tie tight plays as opposed to Roto. And then there's a chance that Keegan's back for the next ball game anyway. So cool, man. What was the other team I said we were missing here? Houston and Golden State. Alright. We're zipping down the board. Everybody watching is gonna get dizzy from watching me slide up the, the list of teams here. Jabari Smith Junior's had a couple of really good ball games in a row. Admittedly, he shot the ball better, but you could also call that a bit of a leveling off for him. And that's good. And I dedicated one a full tweet to Jabari Smith Junior over the weekend, I think, which is basically, like, I'll admit, I was too nervous to draft him because I didn't know if his stats set would come around fast enough. And I think I said I think the way I phrased it during the draft season was, like, this is a guy who has fantasy appeal because he can score, hit threes, rebound, get steals, blocks. And there's a like, he's not awful at the free throw line, and he'll do it on low turnover. So there is appeal there, but my great fear was, will he actually get any opportunity with all the new bodies they brought in? And the more that Alper and Shingon is doing this year, and if he does even, are we sure that the percentages are gonna follow? So I avoided him because I thought there's too many question marks here. And right now, he's doing about where he was drafted. I think he's number 85 in 9 cat, and and, honestly, you take that. And I'm happy for the dude. Even if I don't have him on teams, I'm happy for him. I was just too nervous to take the plunge. I think that's really the only note on the Rockets. Freddie VanVleet has been a top 40 guy the last week or 2, but overall, that hasn't moved his numbers very much. Steals are still going up, guys. He's only a 0.7. So you can still buy on him. Although, I don't know anybody's selling on Van Vliet because he's averaging 17 and 9. And I think they're probably aware the only thing he hasn't done is get you steals. Golden State's the other one. Draymond Green is coming back, so everything's about to get a board shuffling for the warriors. Chris Paul was a lot of fun while Draymond was out. He will likely take a little bit of a hit, but CP 3 is sitting around number 60 right now and 9 cat while still only shooting 40%. So even though, presumably, the assist will come down, I would assume the field goal percent eventually ticks back up to something in the mid forties. And so those will kinda counterweight each other. And, no, I'm not super worried about it. Klay Thompson's been a little bit better lately. At least he's pushed himself back inside the top 200 for the year. I know. Shutters. You're holding on Klay. You're probably not worried about the Sharjah, Kevon Looney thing now with Draymond coming back. And then Andrew Wiggins, man, I I don't know what's wrong with him. I've said it basically every week since this season started. I think he's broken. I don't understand how or why. I just think something's mentally wrong or physically. It could be physically too, but it feels like he's mentally snapped. And so I don't really have a problem with dropping Wiggins in most non cad formats. And there's a chance he wakes up at some point later this year, but, I mean, there's no guarantee. Because if he really is, like, kinda semi broken, he's killing your fantasy team while you're waiting on it. Let's do a quick look at Monday. I don't think we're gonna have time for questions today. Sorry, guys. This show's running very, very long. I'll do a quick scan of the chat room for any sort of big picture stuff I wanna do, but I don't think we're gonna have a whole lot of time. Luckily, we talked about all 10 of these teams because we just profiled all 30 in our weekend review. But very quickly, in case you guys forgot what we're looking for tonight, Detroit, very little. Jaden Ivey, and then the health of Jaitland Duran. Washington, you know, this presumably should be a tighter ball game, so hopefully the starters get to go. Lakers, a health status of any of those sort of fringy rotation guys, but then if they're all out, do you give a look at Torrian Prince? Philly, do I or don't I try Nick Batum? Screw it. I'll play him. I'm gonna regret it. I know it. Blazers. Yeah. The Scoot growth arc. You can watch that every game if you want to, but I know we all like watching young guys. So when he does have kind of the breakout game, you're gonna wanna be there to see it when it happens. But even when that happens, it's not a guarantee that it'll happen again for another 2 weeks. So just know, know, it's gonna be a a sine wave. There'll be ups and downs. The trend line will be upward. We'll get there. Pacers. Did we talk about the Pacers at all? I think I skipped the Pacers, guys. Sorry about that. I did miss 1 team. Did somebody in the chat room tell me that? Let's go to the chat and see if somebody was like, Dan, you didn't talk about the Pacers. No. But I didn't. Anyway, starter buddy heel is magical. Honestly, Benedict Matherin coming off the bench is is he's not gonna be a 12 teamer, but at least it's probably a little bit better for his confidence. Aaron Nesmith has missed time, and that's allowed Obi Toppin to do a little bit extra, But that's a a path you don't wanna walk down unless you're feeling real saucy. And, that's kind of it for Indiana. I think it's just nice to see Buddy Hield getting a chance, which, again, like, I didn't draft him because by all accounts, he was not part of their plans this year. But the poor play of Matherin and other fringy guys on that team kinda forced Rick Carlisle's hands. Say, alright, buddy. I know we haven't got an extension with you, and you're on the trade block. But, frankly, we need you in the starting lineup, and he's embraced it. So if you squatted on him, have at it. He got dropped in a couple of leagues I'm in. I put in a big old fab bid in him on him on a at a Yahoo public prize league, and I got him. And, cool. Pelicans we talked about, you know, it's the do I do I or don't I on Dyson Daniels is kind of the only one there. You can keep an eye on Alvarado if you want. Utah, it's all about health tonight. We need to know whose plan. Is Markkanen back? Is Clarkson back? Who's if if one of them is back and not the other, that could also determine how we roll with this team and Walker Kessler as well. Nuggets, nothing. Nothing. And then the Clippers, I know we could say we're watching the the 3 stars, but they're they're figuring it out slowly but surely. They figured it out. It's really more about Norman Powell for me. Is Norman Powell gonna be playable? By the way, Clippers are a 5 and a half point favorite for this game. That's somewhat surprising. Although, I think Denver's on a back to back, so maybe that's the culprit there if I did Denver play yesterday? Yeah. They played yesterday. Okay. Quick, very quick look at the chat room because we're already an hour and 10 minutes in. You guys are gonna hear me scanning the questions to see if anything I think I maybe didn't talk about but should have. Okay. I like this one. Where do you see Dejounte Murray and Jimmy Butler as the season progresses? I don't see any reason why Jimmy Butler won't continue his, like, reasonably paced ascent up the board. He was down in the 70, 80 range. He's at 36 right now. The assists and the steals have been trending up, and I have every reason to believe that they will continue to do so. Dejounte Murray was someone that I thought would be in the mid to late thirties, but would be healthy, so he'd be better totals than per game. Right now, he's had a couple of bad ones in a row that's dropped him into the forties. He'll go on a hot stretch here in the next week or 2. That'll probably push him back up into the late thirties, and, that hopefully takes care of that question. Let's see. Who else on this chat board did I not talk about already? Man, Khris Middleton I haven't talked about. Someone on Twitter, said, I know you said to avoid him like the plague, but what do I do if I'm stuck with him right now? And that's basically what this question is. Brian says, is it time to drop him? I don't know is my answer. If you have him right now because now he's dealing with Achilles issue. He was just finally starting to get to playable level, and, an injury popped up. And I don't like hearing about Achilles. I don't think you're dropping Middleton. If you have him, you probably have to stick it out, but, hopefully, you guys heed it to my warning and don't have to deal with this. What else do we got? Question about selling Michael Porter Junior. I think I'd rather do that in its own separate show. But, honestly, guys, like, top 60 is a pretty reasonable spot for him to be in, so I'm okay with that. Is it time to drop Jonathan Isaac? Yeah. Probably. I don't know. I mean, we picked him up when he had 20 minutes, and then immediately went back down to 13. And it feels like they wanna keep him in the 13 to 15 range unless he's playing extraordinarily well and, like, ate his Wheaties that day. I don't know that he's a guy you can just have sit on your team. Let's see here. Should I stash Ben Simmons? Guys, I'm real pessimistic on Simmons, and I have been basically my entire adult life. I honestly don't know if he plays again this season, which is probably not fair. Maybe he does come back for, like, a game or 2 and then goes back down. I would not, actually. I I have him on 1 Roto games cap team because it doesn't really hurt to do so. But if he's, like, giving you zeros and you can't, I have no problem with the drop there. Let's see here. What do we got? Lots of folks chatting amongst themselves. JP says Pistons are gonna win their first one tonight in a long time. I hope so, man. I don't wanna see a team win that lose that many games in a row. That's sad. Let's see here. Anything else that needs to be discussed? Oh, Marcus Smart. He came up with a couple of questions. Should he be stashed? So kinda I mean, he's probably still out another couple of weeks. My guess would be 2 more weeks out. And he was not a top 100 roto guy when he went down. Although, some of that was because in a very unsightly high number of turnovers, if you're punting turnovers, he was inside. So I'm gonna say, yeah. I think we're close enough to stash Marcus Smart. Assuming we get him back in about 2 weeks, that's about the length of time you'd stash a guy with his per game performance level. And I think an hour and 15 is enough. Don't you guys? Yeah. Thank you for all the good questions, folks. I'm sorry I didn't get to all of them. Please do here on your way out. Take a moment to like and definitely subscribe, however you're taking in this show, YouTube, Spotify, iTunes, some other RSS feed, whatever it is live after the fact. The subscription button is the big one for us. And then I will once again throw our Discord link up on the screen before I depart. Please do check us out over there. And I am on social media at Dan Vesperis. Back with you guys in about 3 and a half hours with our weekly preview show. That'll be with the great d ball, b ball. We'll break down some streaming options for this week, maybe even look ahead to, what the in season tournament is doing to scheduling going forward. So there's actually kind of a lot at play there. Again, that'll be close to 2 o'clock Pacific time, give or take. Kinda depends on how long it takes me to get through all my midday stuff. But, again, really wonderful big audience on this one. Thank you guys for hanging out. I'll talk to you in a little bit. I am at Dan Vesper. Sorry. Forgot that. Oliver on Twitter. We'll see you guys, over there. Later.