Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. At some point, I will shave my face and, go back to being like a, like a smooth four and a half here on YouTube. But for now, I remain poor of a hygiene, such as the signs of the end of the NBA Fantasy draft ramp up season. You know, I might actually shave the second I get off air with this delightful razor from MANSCAPED, but we'll save that promo for a little later in the show. Welcome into the first edition of the weekly lineup show, also known as the week ahead, also known as a Fantasy Weekly Preview, whatever you wanna call it. We got the first slate of games at 6 days of games this week, Tuesday through Sunday. I am Dan Bessepris. This, of course, is a sports ethos presentation, and I guess this is technically also still Fantasy NBA Today. And I'm joined by the master of the week ahead who writes the, incredible Fantasy Pass piece at sportsethos, breaking down every aspect of the upcoming week. That is Derek Ball at d ball b ball. What a lovely I mean, kudos to your parents for giving you the opportunity to go with d ball b ball as a Twitter handle. I mean, I I gotta say, dude, I am insanely jealous because d best basket best is does not roll off the tongue. How you been, man? What's going on? Good. You are you're too kind. You know what? My parents, they're just masters of branding. They knew what they were doing right off the bat. And, you know, I it was it was meant to be. Yeah. No. My parents totally happy to be here. My parents stunk at branding. Never gonna never gonna forgive them for this. My middle name is Walter. I don't know if that would go any better in any of this stuff. Probably not. But I wanna dive right in because, first of all, your your thread on Twitter, excellent. I hope everybody gives you a follow so that they can get this type of stuff. It's out there right now. It's actually very useful if anybody wants to have kind of a short burst iteration of some of the stuff we're gonna be talking about on the show. Again, he is at d ball b ball on social. But, also, the week ahead piece over on sports ethos that has a whole lot of extra detail and also some fun, you know, intro paragraphs that I think everybody will get a nice little kick out of. But I wanna talk to you about a few things here. Because week 1, this will be a little bit of a different conversation between the 2 of us than week 2, 3, 4, and really when you kinda settle into things. Streaming is different. This is not all about streaming. We're making decisions in week 1 that could impact your team for an entire season. So I know I'm monologuing here a little bit, but then I'm gonna be hitting you with questions rapid fire. The point I wanna make for the viewers and listeners is week 1 weekly preview is less about trying to wedge in every single game you can and more about this sort of broad picture stuff. So, Derek, how do you approach week 1 from a week ahead standpoint? Because to even call it just like a week ahead kinda show almost doesn't do a service to what you're actually trying to do with the next 6 days. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, you you hit it right on right on the head. Right at the beginning, we're pretty much on an even playing field with every other team in our league. And so what we're trying to do is we're trying to make quality moves instead of quantity moves. As the season progresses and you're just trying to get raw numbers on the board, yeah, you know what? You're gonna you're gonna start to shift your strategy. You're gonna look for more of a short term game. But right off the bat, you know what? There's every season, there's breakout players. There's always that player that slides in the draft that, you know, doesn't end up rostered, and, some some opportunistic manager is gonna be the one to pick them up. We're just trying to be that opportunistic manager by, you know, by getting ahead of the trend this year. So, how do you approach, say, today, tomorrow? Because I feel like Tuesday, Wednesday is its own universe compared to every other day of the entire NBA season. Because this is everybody's first game. This is the moment we try to figure out, was there anything we just totally didn't see coming going into your fantasy drafts? Well, I mean first off, you you kind of have to trust yourself, in the first couple of days not only because there's not a lot of opportune opportunities to stream. But you know what? You drafted those players for a reason. You kinda wanna see what they look like in their first game before you start making major decisions. Now there's gonna be some people like we were talking about off air that, you know, maybe you've got someone with a sore toe who's not gonna be ready to start the, you know, the first game of the season. You might be looking to the wire to make some, you know, some short term moves. But, you know, most things, being equal, you're probably not gonna be looking to do very much on the 1st couple of days except see how your draft went. And then as you start to get the results coming in, you're gonna react to it, and then that's gonna give you a lot more, perspective on how you're gonna build for the rest of the week and, what your team's gonna look like moving forward. I guarantee that there isn't a single one of us out there. We, you know, we all have 13 13 player rosters. I'm sure we all didn't pick 13 players that are gonna finish on our roster. So, you know, we're just starting the process of figuring out who who's gonna be off first. I did manage to figure out a way to get your, your your tweet thread on the screen here. I'll try to make it bigger so people can see on YouTube, some of the text on that. So let's say then okay. Well, let's move a path past that very first element we're talking about, which is okay. How did we do research wise going to drafts? Was there any massive surprise? I'll be honest. I can't think of, like, a massive, massive surprise on opening week since Devante Graham on the Hornets, like, half a decade ago. That's, like, the last one that's in my head of, oh, nobody drafted that guy. He wasn't on anybody's list, and he came roaring out of nowhere to have, like, a top 70, 60 fantasy season. Mostly, the guys that are, like even now, the ones that are, like, oh, yeah. He didn't get drafted. Those are guys that are generally drafted in intermediate and expert leagues, maybe not novice ones. So moving past that part of it, which is basically, is there anybody on these first two days that's just this whopper of a surprise? Is there someone on your own teams that you're just like, oh, dude played 4 minutes. Maybe this isn't something I need to see through all that much. I threw this tweet thread on the screen because you immediately get into well, what if the I have a a roster slot that turns into something that's kinda junk? What do you do with it then? Well, I mean, if we're if we're talking about right off the bat, if we're looking at a Tuesday or Thursday, which are both 2 game days, you really might not have that many options to go with. Because we're not just making moves for the sake of making moves like you said right off the bat. There are gonna be some names out there, like you can see a Christian Wood on screen where, you know what, there is some upside. And if you are in one of those leagues where he wasn't lost, or you are gonna go for it. But, but ultimately, like, you're you're really trying to find the players that are gonna get the minutes right off the bat. So if you're picking a player and they're looking at having 4 or 5, 6 minutes in their first game, that's not gonna set the good a good tone for for the rest of the season in the standard league. And then you, you know, you talk about moving into a a day like a Wednesday where, you know, 12 12 games are happening. That's 24 teams that are active. You're gonna be really lucky if you're gonna be adding anyone off the waiver wire, and they can actually fit into your starting lineup. So, again, there's really not a lot to be doing in the 1st couple of days other than reflecting on, you know, how values are shaking out and maybe trying to be lucky and catch that Davonte Graham when they break out. Who are the teams with 2 games this week? Because that bring that is gonna take me to my next question. Yeah. Exactly. So we're you know, if you if you're looking at the screen right now, you're gonna see that LA Phoenix are both active on both of those days, being that they're the, you know, star studded teams that the league wants to promote. Of course, they're gonna get all of the, you know, all of the juiciest days in the in the 1st week of the schedule. And then surprise, surprise, we're looking at Denver and Milwaukee for the other 2. So, you know, really, we're talking about championship contenders with really firmly established rotations, really firmly established pecking orders. And, you know, frankly, I think everyone knows by now that if you're playing on a team with LeBron James, a Giannis Antetokounmpo, a Damian Lillard, you know, Namastar, Nikola Jokic. You're probably not gonna have a lot of bench players that are able to, you know, collect a lot of stats. There's gonna be the starters. Everyone knows about the starters, and, frankly, they're all on rosters already. What about going back to sort of the league as a whole? What do you do? So I'm gonna give away one little chunk. Because, I mean, this is the thing people could figure out if they really wanted to. One of the things you break down in your week ahead piece is what teams actually have 2, 3, 4, and 5 games in a given week. This this week, everybody has either 2 or 3. Right? Yeah. So we're getting a Monday start. So, you know, that's probably where that 4th game would have fit in for a lot of teams. But, there are some you know, even though everyone's mostly playing a 3 game schedule, there are some that are better than others. And, you know, if you're reading the article, you're you're gonna find out or or the thread, you're gonna find out a lot about why that is. Because not all game days are made equal. You know what? I I was saying before, there was a 12 game day. There's a 2 game day. If I'm the streamer, I'm definitely looking at the games with, you know, single digit totals because there's just more to be gained, from a competitive advantage on those, on those days. To give you an example, we're talking about, you know, my team of the week this, you know, this, week is going to be the Philadelphia 70 sixers. Now anyone looking at the schedule is gonna say, oh, well, they don't start until Thursday. But then if you look at the games they're playing from Thursday onwards, you're talking about let me see here. We've got Philadelphia playing on a 2 game day, and then they play on a 7 game day and a 6 game day. You know, among a lot of the other competitors at the 3 game, at the 3 game mark, there's, there's just not that kind of opportunity. Most of these other 3 game teams have a 2 day rest period in between. So especially since we're talking from streaming perspective here or at least a short term ad, there's not a lot to be gained. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Do you do things differently? I know I'm taking you I'm I'm bouncing to a sort of a different idea here. Do you do things differently if you have, I am let me go back a tiny bit farther, actually. So Yeah. To in my mind, and you could tell me if you agree or disagree because you're the you're the stream master here. In my mind, there's, like, one scenario this opening week where I might stream a little harder. And it's if I just happen to have sort of a heavy dose of the teams that only play twice, which is the Celtics, the Nets, the Hornets, the Mavs, the Pacers, the Bucks, the Wolves, the Pells, the Magic, and the Wizards. If your opponent this week because, I mean, because there are a lot of 3 versus 2 situations, you could end up with, like, a 7, 8 game disadvantage. It kinda feels like you need to make up for that because you don't wanna just take, like, a 7 to 2 or 8 one loss right out of the chute, then you're fighting to come back. Even if you like your team, you're fighting to come back. A 100%. You you you're exactly right there, and there are gonna be some teams that find themselves in that situation And you know what? I don't think it's the worst situation to find yourself in Because you're filling up a roster on a day where most people aren't trying to fill up their roster Which means that if you're looking at short term ads, you're probably going to have your choice of the you know of the of what's available if you're looking at a 12 game, day or, you know, 11 games, being the 2 days that you were talking about there, you're gonna have that many more options to go for. And everyone's got their favorite players that they like to add, especially in the early schedule. We're really just trying to pick out the guys that we think are gonna have the best seasons, and the guys that we're most confident in are gonna be the ones that we're naturally gonna gravitate towards. You're just gonna have more options if you're in that scenario. Now, of course, it's not ideal. You don't wanna be having your end of bench guys going against another team's, you know, proper starters. But at the end of the day there are ways to navigate that and I touched on that in the article in the treads as well where you know what if I'm Sitting from you know from behind the 8 ball when we're talking about games played I'm probably not going to be making as much an effort of an effort to win counting stats I'm probably gonna be looking more towards high impact categories and efficiency, which are things that I'll be able to address more easily from, you know, from the back of the roster, we'll say. I'm gonna pull the curtain back just the tiniest bit here for folks on YouTube. This will be another reason for, for folks to come over and watch this show instead of listening in the future. This is actually a snippet of Derek's week ahead piece on sports ethos. This is technically behind the paywall. So sorry, that I gave a tiny bit away here, but it's only a tiny bit. This is just a small chunk, of the overall page. And here, you've highlighted your favorite and worst schedule of the week. You already talked to our listeners and viewers about the sixers being your favorite. I see here your worst schedule of the week is the Timberwolves. Can you talk us through that one? Well, you know what? There's a lot of optimism around the wolves right now, so I I think it's safe to say that most of their players are rostered. But, the one thing that really stands out to me as far as, you know, productivity, is is who they're playing. You know, first off, 2 game week. We're we don't like that. We never like a 2 game week in any schedule even if the next step up is just, or even if the, you know, the leading team only plays 3 games. You wanna have more. 2 is not a good number. Right? But there's a lot of other teams that play on those same schedules. The reason that I chose the Wolves is who they're playing. Other teams are playing some, you know, frankly, they're not as strong defensive teams. But if you saw that screenshot that you put up there, if our viewers saw that screenshot, I should say, you're gonna know that we're playing the Wolves are playing the Raptors and the Heat. Now if I was to look at the list of some of the best defensive teams from last season, the season before, and season before, you get my point. The wolves are starting their season against 2 of the hardest teams defensively to start against, and you're talking about a team that's mostly expected to be an offensive juggernaut behind, Anthony Edwards and Karl Anthony Towns. They're gonna have to work for their shots, especially against, you know, those sort of targeted really efficient defenses that the the heat and raptors are known for putting out. So I'm looking at the stars on that team struggling a little bit more. I'm looking at them maybe having to take more shots or maybe just making less of their shots, having to do more work for the free throw line. And that, in fact, that sort of scenario creates a need for the ancillary players to step up. The sort of players that really we target in the week ahead. You're talking about bench players. You're talking about, you know, the 6th man. You're maybe talking about the 5th starter who are, you know, gonna be the need the ones that need to step up. Now in the article, I kinda touched on this. You're talking about guys like Rudy Gobert, Mike Conley, Jaden McDaniels, the other 3 starters who are all really more defensive players than offensive players, and none of them are really gonna go out and get their own. If you'd like to see it from some of them, I'm sure there's a Jaden McDaniels fan out there. I consider myself one. We're gonna tell you that you can do that. But you know what? That's asking a lot for him, you know, if if, if he's gonna go out and do that, show that growth right away against, again, 2 of the best defensive teams in the league in game 1 and 2 while he's still shaking off the rust. So you know what? I'm not too optimistic about your options to add from from that starting lineup, and then you can shift it towards the bench. Yes, everyone loves Kyle Anderson, everyone loves Solo. You know, we all know that Naz Reed's one of the best backup centers in the league. But again, you're kind of looking to these people to give you an offensive boost, in in this scenario where where you're predicting that a defensive team is really gonna kinda shut down your your your potential to produce counting stats. And I'm just not sure that those are the sort of players behind Anthony, Edwards and Karl Anthony Towns that can really go out and get their own if these guys struggle. And so for me, if I'm looking at adding a, you know, a player that could maybe give me plus value off the waiver wire. I'm not looking at it, a guy who I think is in a scenario where he could struggle offensively. What are you looking for at this part of the year, if you are looking for someone like you said that that can be a a sort of a plus value add? Are you looking for someone that gets a lot of minutes? Is there a stat set thing? What's the combination for you right now? Because, again, week 1 is a little different than every other week. Well, you know, minutes is tricky, because there are, you know, there are some players that are exceptions to the rules. I mean, everyone knows you should probably have a starter roster at the end of the day. I mean, if they play 30 minutes, that's that many more chances for them to get stats, but it's not about the minutes. I've seen you tweet. I've tweeted myself. We've said it on air count times about, you know, if there's a guy, if you give him 20 minutes a game, he's more than good enough. We used to say that about, you know, Paul Reed who actually, I think, is probably gonna get a big minutes boost this year. Yeah. Might might actually finally get those 20 minutes we're talking about. Finally get it. Exactly. I mean, there are tons of players, more often defenders than than than anything else, but there are players who even in small minutes can really be quite impactful. Even, a Nerlands Noel, you know, it's a bit of a throwback now, but you know what? You put them out there for 15, 20 minutes a game, how many rebounds, how many steals, how many blocks? That's a difference maker. If you're talking about offensive players, yeah, you want them to have 30 minutes. I kinda talk about this in the article. There's players like RJ Barrett who, you know, you need to put them out there for 30 minutes for them to give you some sort of, some sort of, value, because of the impact, the efficiency that they represent, and the kind of lack of, a rounded stat line that they give. You really need to see scores out there for for high playing time. And when you're talking waiver wire players, it's usually harder to rely on that sort of player. So I tend to target when I'm going out to the wire, I tend to target things like 3 pointers, steals, blocks, because I know that even the worst player on my team in terms of the skill evaluation, if they're giving me a 3, a steal, a block. I know that that's actually gonna be way more impactful on my my head to head at the end of the week than maybe a 10, 15 point per game score. About how many games or weeks into the season before you do pivot harder into the strategic stream mode, which, again and before I before you answer the question, I I am once again kind of giving away a little bit of something for free here. I I hope folks will consider a Fantasy Pass as they see the, level of effort that goes into into all the stuff in there. This is just one piece out of many. There's all these tools that are going, and Andre has given me a a a sneak preview of the, 5 in season tools that are, you know, through, basically a OneDrive online kind of Microsoft Excel ish, but not quite. These things are gonna be amazing. But, back to the point at hand here. So there's all this stuff. I'm I'm gonna take this down in a minute, but folks can see on the screen right now that you've listed where the back to backs are, where the positive schedule spots are. You have all this work done for this week, but it seems like you're not actually using it that much for this week. So when do you start to use this stuff more? Well, I mean, some people are gonna be forced into it by injuries and whatever other things we can't predict now. But if it's me, once I start to get a feel for how the playoffs are gonna shake out, once you really do start to see kind of a let's say, I will say a noteworthy gap in the standings. I can't really predict exactly what the gaps will be between 1st and 8th place in a lot of leagues, but, you know where you fall in those standings. And the closer you get to the middle or to the bottom, the sooner you're gonna need to start considering altering your strategy. Now if you're that team on top, you're that team that got Nikola Jokic and paired them with a couple of other, you know, early round players, then you're probably just gonna cruise through the 1st couple of weeks, because you won't need that extra boost from from behind. But not every not every manager is gonna have that advantage, And, the ones that are gonna need to take that risk, probably gonna start looking at doing it, let's say, week 3, week 4, once you've seen a couple of matchups against a couple of different teams where they have different strengths represented, and you really get a good idea of what your team is good at, what your team is bad at, and what could be fixed. My last question for you before I let you go is what if folks because I think sometimes and and I'm extremely guilty of this. I think that a lot of times I broadcast as though everybody listening is an intermediate or expert level player. Yeah. This is a really hard thing for us, those of us that have been staring at this for decades to do. But I'm gonna ask you to do it, and apologies in advance if it kinda puts you on the hot seat a little. What would you instruct someone who is more in kind of a learning mode on the fantasy side and and just getting into it? How would you try to walk them through getting settled here on week 1? Start all your guys, just see what happens, watch out for certain things, follow certain people on social. Like, what's the path for you if you were gonna try to almost sherpa somebody partway up the mountain? Well, sure. I mean, you that was a a law of right over home plate for me. Who should they follow on social? No. No. Everyone with in their tag. That wasn't what I was trying to do. Subscription. Yes. Obviously, the news feed. Obviously, the news feed. Yeah. You know what? You put that fantasy basketball hashtag into into your, Twitter or x or whatever search bar, you're gonna see a lot of really, you know, really good and sometimes mixed, opinions out there. It's your job to find someone who, you know, who who you who you think speaks to, you know, speaks the most reason, I guess, we'll say. If you're someone new though, and you're really trying to find out a way to make, you know, to really make a a hot start for your league, you're gonna want to consider streaming. You're gonna wanna learn about what it takes to stream. You're gonna wanna learn about low value days and high value days and, you know, what that means. You're gonna wanna talk about low value or low impact stats and high impact stats. I've kinda touched on them a couple of times already. You know what? It's there's the analogy about too many efficiency or, you know, there's plenty of efficiency while there's more fish in some seas than others. Explain that, please. Sorry. There's not a lot of players that can give you 2 blocks per game. There's a lot of players that can give you 15 points per game. There's not a lot of players that can give you 2 steals per game, but there are that can give you 5 rebounds per game. And that's the kind of thing that you need to be considering when you're going in there. Another thing you wanna talk about too is you're not following the hype. You know what? There's tons of basketball coverage out there. The guys on TNT, the guy on guys on ESPN, all these other content creators and every other, aspect of, basketball, they do a great job of promoting the game. They could do a great job of telling you about that guy that's on the hot streak. They're doing a great job of promoting, you know, the guy that had the highlight dunk or whatever. But we're not trying to get the guys to get the highlights. We're not trying to get the guys that have the flashiest stat lines and the trending stories. We're trying to get ahead of the stories. If you're hearing about someone, it's probably gonna be too late to make an impact, by adding them in your league. So what you're trying to do is you're trying to get ahead. You're trying to anticipate who the next person is gonna be. And the best way you can do that is by looking at the schedule and seeing which teams play the most games, which of those teams that play the most games, play those games on the weakest days because that is where you're gonna create a games played advantage over your opponent. If everything is equal and both teams play the same amount of games, then you're just waiting for the better players to win out. And I can't guarantee that you're gonna have the better players than your opponent every week, but what I can do try to help you get more games played than your opponent. And the more games you play, the more stats you accumulate. The same thing as we were saying about players with high minutes. They just get more chances to do more things. So you're looking at the most ways to have the most minutes, the most, games played. And, you're gonna try to focus on impact categories, by getting real specialists, I guess we could say. I mean, you don't want to just get the guy who's getting good 20 minutes off the bench just because he's got a great reputation, the p j tucker type, for example. I mean, you know what? You can really turn it up sometimes for the most part getting, you know, a handful of everything isn't gonna do much for you. You want a bucket full of everything or one thing or of 2 things, I guess I should say. Everything's a little bit much. Yeah. That's asking. We can't have the world. We can't not everyone can take you for the yoga. We can't we can ask. Damn it. Derek, you want Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead, Zoe. I was just gonna say, you know what? It's all about just finding the guys who are going to win you a category, 2 categories. If you're lucky, 3. But you know what? You can't have the world. You're gonna you're gonna step back in some areas whenever you add a player. There there's no such thing as, as progress. It's just trade offs. So what's your trade off when you're adding a player off the wire? Are you gonna is it worth it for you to go up in blocks if you're gonna go down in 3 pointers when you've got a team built around guards? You have to know your team. You have to understand your strengths. You gotta understand the best way that the players that are available on the wire can amplify those strengths. Damn. That was We gotta message your local pros for advice because we're happy to give it. We love talking fantasy basketball. Man, that was good. My only regret on this whole segment is that I didn't ask you that question first. Damn it. Derek. Awesome. We'll do this again sometime. Don't worry about it. Yes. Derek and I are gonna be getting together on Mondays. You I mean, today, Tuesday because the season starts a day late. But Derek and I are gonna be getting together on Mondays. We're gonna give you guys the lowdown on the week ahead. You can always get the deep dive in the week ahead piece that he puts together over in the Fantasy Pass and Sports Ethos and, obviously, give him a follow over on social at d ball b ball. Derek Ball, my man, thank you so much for hopping on today. Dan, thanks for having me. It was a real pleasure. We'll talk to you soon. He will. We will. Oh, man. Well, I did my best. I hope to highlight the Twitter feed. Go find it. That's a great starting spot. If you've got a couple of bucks that you feel like investing the Fantasy Pass at Sports Ethos, that's part of, what keeps the website afloat. So do check that out, and Derek's piece is a part of that as well. Again, he is at d ball b ball on social media. Mid show reminder before we get to some questions and some weekly lineup decisions that, I'll be pulling up on screen as well that this show is brought to you by our pals, make sure it's right side up, atmanscape.com. I continue to await. It's in the mail. I got a shipping confirmation today. The lawnmower 5 point o is on the way. I'll be showing you that, maybe by later this week, depending on how fast it arrives. This is the handyman. This one is the actual electric face razor. Last week, I shaved my cheeks on air with it. Today, I'll, well, I don't know if it can handle I let the hairs get a little thick on the old neck. A roo here. Might actually need to go back to a lawnmower for that one. But manscaped.com, you can get anything you want over there. I also have and I've done this before too. I have the, luxury nail kit that's also right here on my desk. This is not me doing this because I'm on a show. I actually have this right here all the time because I'm a fidgeter, and I pick my nails. And if I have that, I cannot pick my nails. And that's also part of the Ethos 20, 20% off and free shipping delight over atmanscaped.com. That, again, is e. So ethos 20 is the promo code. Ethos20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscaped.com. Couple of thoughts on the streaming side from my own weird brain, basically reflecting what Derek said, which is, I think, a questions. Because I don't think this is a great week for you to be out there going, oh, should I pick up Taurean Prince and drop somebody that I drafted yesterday? I mean, yeah, Taurean Prince might have 2 or 3 3 pointers tonight, but you did all this research on leading up to your Fantasy draft weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks of research. And you picked these guys at the end of your draft probably because you have some sort of faith that they have a shot at the very least of making it to a a next level, of providing a season long boost to your team. Now I know a lot of people that actually drafted their 13th, 14th player with the express intent of playing that player on opening night. Like, they drafted Lakers and Nuggets and Suns and Warriors that play tonight with the intention of dropping them after Thursday or whatever. And that's fine. But most of us, with our 11th, 12th, 13th round picks, we went out and we got guys that we thought, if things break right, this could be a top 80 per game player. 14th round, 15th round, you start to get it, you know, a 160, 170 picks deep. Fine. Those guys, maybe you don't really care that much how they perform. Maybe those guys are, like, 1% chance flyers. If you wanna exchange those dudes, that's fine. That's deeper rosters than most of these Yahoo public leaks have. But for me, unless something insane jumps out in this first game, and it's not because somebody's out because, like, Bradley Beal is likely out for the Suns, and Booker is questionable, although it sounds like he wants to play. And other pieces of news, let's see what what else is going on here. Terrence Mann is likely off for the Clippers in their 1st ball game. Luka Doncic is questionable. Jared Allen is out. Darius Garland is questionable. These guys are gonna miss games when their teams play. There's gonna be that. And you might see somebody fill in, which we've referred to as a burger board player on Fantasy NBA today before. This is not the kind of thing where you break the bank to go get an injury replacement. This is a time where you play it. Chill. See how the guys do that you thought had a chance to be a full season play 2 days ago before you're just like, ah, and you pull all the plugs out of the machine because 1 guy had a decent game because Bradley Beal was on the shelf or something to that effect. So please do take it easy in that regard, And that's my my overarching thought on that one. Another piece of of information here for those that are making weekly lineup decisions is where you're generally looking at the players that are or are not injured right now. Going through some of the top names on the board, Luca being questionable, he's the guy you're starting. Darius Garland is questionable. I would start him as well. James Harden, you're probably not starting, would be my take, because it doesn't sound like he actually wants to show up. Who are some of the other guys that are either questionable or out that are near the top? Jared Allen, you're benching this week. It sounds like he could miss actually the entire 1st week this season. Bradley Beal, I'm probably playing. You know, it's it's a little bit questionable, but they do have a 3 game week. So if we can get 2 out of him, I think I'd feel pretty good about that. So I'll go with a yes on Beal. Jeremy Grant and Emphrey Simons, I think, are both questionable, but I'm starting them. Kuzma's questionable. Draymond Green is out. I think I'd probably bench him, because I don't expect him to be much better than top 100 play anyway. And so if he misses another game, now you're really going underwater there. And then in terms of other guys that are are, right near the periphery, Zach Collins is questionable. Unfortunately, you're gonna have to make a call on him today. I don't know that he's good enough to roll the dice if he only ends up with a one game week. So I would probably sit him you're sitting Jaden McDaniels. You're obviously sitting boy on Bogdanovic because we got word that he's out for a month. And I think that's basically it for the guys that could actually move the needle a little bit for, weekly lineup decisions. Let's get to some questions. This is everybody's favorite part of the weekly lineup show. If you've got a question and you're watching live, this is a great time to put it in there. If you're listening to this show after the fact, first of all, you don't have that much time to listen to it and then still set your lineup, I would strongly recommend coming aboard and watching this one live as it's being recorded. All the other ones, your experience is not gonna be all that different. This particular show where you're, looking ahead at the week and an opportunity to throw some questions in a chat room that might get on air, here you go. I am not going to be answering every question in the YouTube chat. I should also mention that because if you've got, like, an, hey. Here's my 3 guys on my bench. Which one do I put in there? This is more about me trying to find questions that apply to more than one team if at all possible. Some days, that'll be 2 or 3 questions. Some days, that'll be 15 to 20. Today, we'll probably keep it a little bit on the shorter side, because it is week 1. I don't know that people have a ton of questions yet, but, let's see what we've got as I navigate over to the chat room. Nils. No. That one's well, this one's kinda specific, but maybe we can talk about the players. Opinion on a Porzingis and Taish Jones for Brook Lopez and Jeremy Grant trade. I like the Porzingis side. He's far and away the best player in that trade package. And, typically, unless you're in a very deep league, you're looking to maximize the top players on the board. Porzingis is a top 15 fantasy player. In Boston, he might be more like top 20. Brook Lopez takes a step back. He's probably the 2nd highest ranked player on this board. And then Tyus Jones and Jeremy Grant are a little bit of a wash, frankly. Maybe Jeremy Grant's a little bit better. But Porzingis is so far beyond what you can expect from the other guys that, in general, a good rule of thumb is you take the side of the trade with the best player in the deal and just understand that you can work around the edges some other time. Those guys just move the needle in a way that the middling players or slightly later players don't. Is Christian Brown startable? Not in 12 teamers, I don't think. And this is the kind of stuff you're gonna we're gonna be looking for tonight, because Bruce Brown is gone in Denver. Christian Brown's gonna see, some of those Bruce Brown minutes. You might see Justin Holiday even take a few of those minutes. I wouldn't start him in a games cap format. If he's, like, the last player on your bench and you're in full stream mode here on day 1, okay, have at it if you want. Like, he'll probably play 20 some odd minutes tonight and do something with them. But, to say I'm expecting a lot would be, I think, a, dramatic overestimate. Life of Cruz has the moment you realize you don't have any Suns, Lakers, warriors, and 70 sixers players. Oh, I have one team like that. I actually do. I'm with you, life of of Cruz, not Cruz, or because. Life of because. I have one team out of all of my cash leagues where I don't have a single one single player at any of those 4 clubs. And so tonight is a little bit of a buzzkill for that league. But, this is why I'm in so many leagues. No. That's not why. PS, loving all the content you've put out, Dan. Thank you. That's very kind of you. Yeah. I've tried to do a lot, like, a lot a lot, this fantasy run up. I'm trying to do more shows in Twitter or shows in, YouTube stuff this season than years past. I'll try to keep that going a little bit. But at some point, we will kinda dial it back a little. Cambria says, just keep up the good work, mister Bessemer and company. Appreciate the daily content. You are welcome. Is there a way to access the pass even for a different region? I'm assuming yeah. The Fantasy Pass should be available for folks anywhere. It's all just through sportsethos.com. Fantasy Pass is $6 a month. It's got all sorts of cool tools in it that we're gonna be rolling out here over the next week. And, obviously, it has all the the draft content in it as well. So if you already have the Fantasy Pass, then you already access to all this stuff that we've been talking about on, on today's show as well. Samuel says, Miles Turner and Keegan Murray or Kristoff Porzingis and John Collins? See, now this one's tighter because, Miles Turner and Kristoff Porzingis are are, kinda closer to a wash. In fact, they might be ranked right next to each other this year at the end of the day. So then it's question of who do you like more, Keegan Murray or John Collins. I think I'd take the shot on the Collins side because I do think that he has maybe a little more per game upside. If things break right, maybe with Murray, you have a better chance of things of floor. Murray's got the better floor. Collins has the better upside. I'll take the Porzingis and John Collins side. Because, frankly, I think Porzingis and Miles Turner could be drafted almost interchangeably this year, and they probably both end up around 65 games played. David says, how do you feel about Bilal Kulabali? Bilal Bilal Kulabali. I've messed that up a bunch of times. He seems really hype. Learning curve. Can I just say learning curve and leave it at that? I don't think you're gonna get much out of the chute. If you do get a bunch out of the chute I mean, I've been wrong before, but there's a learning curve that doesn't really hit until real NBA regular season stuff starts coming around the bend. Neil says, I just finished my draft. I landed Halliburton, Kevin Durant. What the j j j, Miles Turner, Jamal Murray with my first picks. God bless the ESPN draft board. Holy crap. Maybe I should play more on ESPN. Usman says, talk about the Euro MVP Sasha. I think that's Besenkopf, on the Kings. I don't think he's gonna play more than about 20 minutes a game to start, so I wouldn't worry too much about it here in 12 teamers. Steven Vallejo says or Vallejo, depending on if you pronounce it the Northern California way or the actual way. Should I give Rocco one last go for the OMBS? Would be be the old man Vesper squad. No. The only way Rocco has value, I believe, is if the Clippers have to trade all of their wings to get James Harden. And then it's like a Harden, Kawhi, Paul George, Ivica Zubac, and nobody and Russell Westbrook, and that's the entire team. And then Rocco is, like, sitting on the bench by himself with nobody else there. But they have too they have too many damn wings. There'll be days where he gets to play 20 minutes. There'll be days where he plays 6, and I just can't trust the in between. Now if we see him come out on day 1 and play, like, 27 minutes, I would do it. But I don't think you need to do it before the season starts. And I think that's where we'll leave it on the q and a part for now because my voice is tired. I did a hit this morning on Veason. This is my second pod of the day, and we've been doing 1 to 1 and a half to 2 shows every single day for a month and a half. Wait. Yes. Sneaks a 2 questions got snuck in here right at the end. My apologies if asked already. Would you play KCP tonight in Roto? No. He's gonna be around, like, a 95 range guy, so I think you could, and it really wouldn't be the end of the world. The question is, do you think you get a warm KCP on opening night? And, usually, the answer is that the shooters take a day or 2 to kinda get their legs underneath them from a rust standpoint. But in that to that degree, you're getting a little bit cute. I probably would. I think he gets you a couple of 3 pointers and a steal, but but I don't think he gets much beyond that. So if you're looking at your team and you're like, this team's gonna need steals and threes as we go, then I would I'd say yes. But if you're in a roto situation where your better picks, your guys that maybe that aren't playing today or your top 9 or 10, if if that's already a strong team in steals and threes, then I don't think I would blow a game on KCP. Chris Bossum says any news on Jared Allen? All we know is that he's out, and the latest report from, Chris Fodor, mentioned that he is potentially out through the home games over the weekend as well. So I think they're expecting him to miss a week. That would keep him on my bench in any weekly league, and I wouldn't expect to see Allen until next week. So just start getting your expectations and check on the Jared Allen front. And that way, you're not disappointed when he doesn't play for 3 or 4 games. Okay. Thanks for watching, everybody. This is week 1 preview. We'll be back with Derek for another one of these on Monday. Obviously, I will be back with you tomorrow to break down the first two box scores of the first damn NBA slate, which, by the way, Lakers at Nuggets, Suns at Warriors, likely no Bradley Beal in that Suns game, no, Jared Vanderbilt for the Lakers, No Draymond Green for the Warriors. So things that we're kinda keeping an eye on tonight if you wanna do this very quickly for the Lakers. What is Torrey and Prince actually gonna be doing this season? Hard to know while Vanderbilt is out, but that's something to keep a little watch on. I'm actually most interested in D'Angelo Russell because they brought in Gabe Vincent, but D'Lo had a hell of a preseason. He was playing hard. He played defense during the preseason. He looked good. He looked confident. I think D'Lo might surprise some people, but I I am waiting to find out. For the Nuggets, it's about who takes the Bruce Brown minutes. Is it Christian Brown? Is Moore going to the starters off a championship run? I don't think that would be a good idea. Do they trust the youngsters more? Does Justin Holliday squeeze out a few? For the Suns, it's really about whether or not Yousef Nurkic gets a full complement of minutes and then who can soak up some of the other stuff besides the superstars, although I wouldn't make any large sweeping decisions while Beal is out. And for the warriors, with no Draymond, we know Kevon Looney is almost a guarantee for 9 rebounds plus. Everybody else and myself included would like to know what's gonna happen with Jonathan Kuminga this year. With Draymond out, he would seem to have a slightly larger opening here on opening night. But I'm more interested in what happens with Kuminga after Draymond comes back. If Kuminga is a free agent in your league and he has a big game, you kinda need to then add him just to see how it shakes out even though I would put out there that I don't think it's gonna be a consistent thing once Draymond is around. But you don't wanna be the person with your pants down if he actually does start to put up a little more consistent stuff. We'll start doing more of that tomorrow. My thought in my mind, and we'll see how this the schedule stuff actually takes place, is that in the morning, on most days, we'll break down the previous night of games. We'll go through the box scores, any other pieces of news that hit. If we have time in the afternoon, specifically on larger card days, maybe we'll even try to do kind of a nightly preview sort of show, but that won't be every night. I simply won't have time to do one of those every single day. So, there'll be days where we sort of mash it all together into 1 morning show. There'll be days where we split it up depending on how much content there is. Make sure to stay tuned, and, you'll see it when you see it. Thanks again to Derek. He is at d ball b ball on Twitter. I'm at Dan Vesperis. You know you guys need to find us over on social because the season has begun, and that's where the news happens the fastest. Like, rate, subscribe, tell your friends. See you tomorrow.