Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. What's cracking, everybody? It's the end of week 7 weekdays. I know we still got the weekend coming up, but there ain't any games. So this is the end of week 7 today. It's crazy. I know. We got a game tomorrow in Vegas that doesn't count for fantasy purposes. So tonight, your week wraps up with 26 of the 30 teams playing. We will preview that at the tail end of today's show. But this is, of course, your big Friday episode of Fantasy NBA Today, week in review. We'll have the ads. We'll have the drops. We'll have the holds. We'll have the watch list players. We'll have buys, sells, and injury replacements and get you guys all set reconfigured for then sitting on your thumbs for a couple of days, which, frankly, I'm okay with there not being a whole lot going on over the weekend because I'm typically chasing children around all weekend long. So, I mean, this is a blessing for me. We'll wrap up the week tonight with a big old tweet storm on the Twitterses. I'll try to do my, night in 92nd recap. Doubt that's gonna happen on a 26 team card. And, then we can just put our hands in our pockets and float on through to Monday. Probably wanna start thinking about how you're gonna stream next week if you got any roster moves left. But let's get going with the week in review. 1st and foremost, everybody, I'm Dan Vesperis. This is Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. You can find me on social at danbesbris. I know. So very complicated. D a n b e s b r I s or just Google search Dan from Sports Ethos Twitter, and it'll pop right up there. We've also got our Discord kicking along. I wanna make sure everybody finds us over there. It is in the show description no matter where you're taking in this episode, live after the fact, YouTube pod channels. Click that link. It's a free invite. Come hang out. A lot of people answering each other's questions. It's a lot of fun. And, this is one of our most well trafficked shows every week, so I figured this is a good time to sorta shove you all casually in that direction. Let's throw some names up on the board. What do we got? Yes. It is the week in review thread. I like to give everybody this little preview page that says, we will cover the stories of the past 7 days. Although, really, you know, past 4 or 5 usually takes care of it. With a stronger eye on season long decisions, this is not a show to help you out with your streaming moves for tonight. This is to get your teams going rest of year. Let's start with the ads. Some repeat names on the ads board. We'll start with those, actually, and then we'll work our way back through, some of the new ones. The repeat ads are Killian Hayes, who I guess you could just call a hold. A repeat ad is, I guess, just a hold, but I also felt like maybe some people didn't do it last time. So that's why I threw it in there. Hayes is the is very much the maybe in this pile because we don't know how this is gonna go, but you wanna add to find out how it's gonna go. Because he's looked pretty good in the starting lineup. His role is fluctuating. Everything with the Pistons is fluctuating because they've lost 900 games in a row. Did you guys know the Pistons have lost 44 of their last 48 basketball games dating back to last season? That's a tough road to hoe. And the Pistons are hoeing roads right now. But, anyway, while he's starting, while he's logging decent minutes, you kinda wanna have him on your team. I'm probably not starting him in a roto format right now because you just don't really know what the individual day is gonna look like for Hayes right now. What is the actual effort gonna be? What are the numbers gonna look like? Head to head, he makes a lot of sense. And Jalen Duren is out. Not that that changes much for Hayes, but it just like, anybody that's out on a team creates a tiny bit more opportunity for everyone else, even if it's microscopic for the guard on a team missing a center. And by the way, we don't know who's filling in for Duran yet. Detroit hasn't even announced. Like, are they gonna go Isaiah Stewart sliding up to the 5? Is it gonna be Wiseman or Bagley? Bagley hasn't even played in a week. Anyway, keep killing A's going. See what happens here. His teammate, Bojan Bogdanovic, has been on our board for 3 weeks in a row now. He was a stash 2 weeks ago. He was a stash last week. He is active now, and he is crushing it so far. He's been slotted in, and they were just like, please, boy on, do anything at all. And in his two games, he's a 1st round value. Obviously, a lot of this stuff is not gonna hold long term, but who cares? If you thought he had a lot of usage in previous years, you haven't seen him while the Pistons are terrible. Actually, you did. They were terrible last season, but they were kind of in tank mode, and he was sort of cruising. Now they're asking him to try to save them. It's a lot of responsibility, boy on. Anyway, he'll be a top 100 guy. That's kind of the safe floor for a good percentages score. I don't know that this needs ton more explaining. He very obviously belongs on fantasy rosters, but maybe you guys ignored me last time. So here we go again. Trey Murphy, I am already getting questions about whether or not folks should drop Trey Murphy, which is like, what are we even doing here? Not everybody can come out of the chute and play as well as Bojan does in his first two ball games, but Trey Murphy has come out and played almost as well in his first couple of ball games. 17 points, 3a half, 3 pointers. I'm not sure what everybody's so upset about on the Trey Murphy front. He's also just sort of bumbling his way into blocks. And I know yesterday's game was not super fun, because the Pels lost to the Lakers by 45 points. But Murphy actually still had 14 points, 2 threes, 3 boards, and an assist, and 13 shots. He's getting time. He's getting usage. That's really all you can ask for because his fantasy profile, we know. The question with him wasn't whether or not his fantasy game translates. The question was whether or not he's gonna have enough of a role on this Pelicans team when McCollum, Zion, Ingram, JV, all these guys are upright and doing stuff. And so far, the answer has been yes. So he very much belongs on rosters. And anybody that's coming at me on Twitter with, like, I'm getting tired of this already. What are we really doing here, friends? It's been a couple of days. And then for the 3rd week in a row, I also have Malik Monk on this list who, you know, we've seen his minutes trending up pretty hard lately. I know on the season, he's still ranked outside the top 110, but lately, it's been much better. His minutes have trended up. That was the big issue for Monk. We talked about it. Basically, every game he played, he was on our watch list for the whole first part of the season. He was an ad when De'Aaron Fox went down because his minutes went up to close to 30. And lately, they've been inching up again, more like 27, 28, which is a lot better than the 22 to 24 that he was getting at the beginning of the year. And that's the difference between, you know, 1 40 range and inside the top 100. He's running hot right now, so don't get too obsessed with the Malik Monk experience. He's top 60 over the last 2 weeks, but he's also shooting 51% from the field, and he's made every free throw he's taken the last 2 weeks. That's not gonna hold. We know that. But that's okay because 29 minutes a game is more than enough for him. The only question I have on Monk is, will the minutes hold at 29 if the field goal percent tapers, which it will? Is he still gonna get enough playing time to, like, is are they tied together, the field goal percent creating the playing time, or is the playing time gonna be there independently? Your 2 new ads for this week are Kelly Oubre junior. Actually, he was on last week also. He was a repeat, but people are not buying on this one. And then Obi Toppin. Let's start with Oubre who came back, and he was, like, kinda meh in his first game, since returning. He, you know, he played only 19 and a half minutes. It's gonna ramp up. Dude was involved in a serious incident. We still don't really know the details of it, but he's gonna ramp up. And when he does, we should be there to see how it looks. He was getting a reasonable number of minutes after the Harden trade. Remember, there were a few games in there before this what again, whatever this injury situation was. Before before that, he was still playing in the mid to high twenties. And when he gets out there, he's not bashful. And it's not like the, the guys that the sixers brought in are Chuckers. You know, Nick Batum, Rob Covington. These guys are not gonna go out there and fire shots up at will. They're gonna be ball movers, defenders. So I don't see that Oubre's role is gonna change that much. Maybe you see a slight downtick in minutes from pretrade Oubre. But in my opinion, there aren't that many guys floating around right now where you can be like, hey. If this thing clicks, this guy's a 6th, 7th rounder. And Oobre is one of those guys. So you might as well just see how it goes because now he's on his feet again, and we'll get to see the ramp up. And then Obi Toppin's a weird one because, you know, we talked about him a bunch over the last 2 weeks on the podcast. He's number 64 over those last 2 weeks. 16 points, 3 boards, 2 assists, 1 and a half blocks, 1.3 rounded up, shooting a ridiculous 64% from the field. But, again, Tyrese Halliburton gets him a whole lot of dunks. And then if the 3 pointers are dropping, then you get this sort of double whammy thing. The minutes is the big question mark with Toppin. We have no idea how many minutes he's gonna get on a night to night basis. The good thing is his field goal percent right now and the sort of blocks threes combination that he's put up recently has been able to balance against the fluctuating minutes. I don't think this dude shoots 70% for the year, but there was a reason that a lot of us analysts were taking him with our last round pick in drafts. And it was he's gonna start. He was gonna be the starting power forward for this Indiana team. What we didn't know was whether or not he was gonna have an actual role with it. At the beginning of the year, it didn't really look like it. He was getting yanked around. His minutes were in the low twenties. So even if he was shooting well, it wasn't translating. Then he started to shoot better. The minutes were trending up. Jalen Smith got hurt. That's helped him as well. Is he just an injury replacement right now? That's actually also a possibility. But I feel like he's being undersold at the moment, and he does belong on rosters for now. That could very well change. Reminder, in between pages, like, subscribe, follow on Twitter. Let's do the holds next. Gordon Hayward is a hold. I don't think we need to go into too much detail on that. He's been better since LaMelo went down, which is sort of a big womp womp for Charlotte. But for Hayward, his season has been a tale of 3 adventures. He got off to a very hot start, then turned intensely cold, and now he's shooting the ball better again. And much like Malik Monk, much like Obi Toppin, we don't really know if his playing time, if his usage is tied into a hot run. It might be, but that's okay. Because by the time we wait and find out, you'll have missed the heater. And if it turns out that he's just gonna do more stuff even when he's not running hot, then you miss the chance to add him for that. Same story for Toppin. Same story for Monk. So there's sort of no point in waiting too long in situations like this one. So with Hayward, who he's been a hold for a while now just to we kinda wanted to see what his role was gonna be when Miles Bridges showed up. We wanted to see what his role was gonna be as Rozier came back. It didn't look good, by the way, in the short term, but then LaMelo went down, and now it looks like his role is bigger again. Pretty obvious hold right now. Spencer Dinwiddie is a hold. This one I continue to admit that I am worried on. He's not a guy that I was targeting really at any point this year, but he did have a very hot run when, both Cam Thomas and Ben Simmons were out. Cam Thomas is back. Dinwiddie's continued to take a crap ton of shots, though, which that's a reason for me to not be as worried, like the fact that he's still hyper involved in everything. I just don't like his fantasy game. He's much more of a points league guy, low field goal percent, medium turnovers, you know, like math free throw number. Doesn't get steals or blocks, mostly gets points and assists, and still, you know, if you're a 2 category, 2 trick pony effectively, that makes you a much more valuable player in a head to head format where you could punt a couple things or points league where the system sort of punts 3 things for you. Does Dinwiddie get back inside the top 100? I'm inch I'm leaning towards no, but I think we should hold in case I'm wrong. Because, again, there aren't many more interesting guys out there to add instead of him. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. I put Buddy Heeled on here, and I don't really know why. People keep asking me what to do every time he has a slightly quieter ballgame. He's a hold. As a starter on this team, he's a hold. His field goal percent is gonna go up and down. So week to week, you're gonna see these pretty wild fluctuations. But his minutes are pretty safely in the mid to high twenties now, and that's a that's inside the top 100 when you stretch it all the way to the end. And if he somehow manages to push his way into thirties in minutes we saw last year, that got him inside the top 60 when he was running at that type of pace. I don't think he's gonna be a top 60 guy rest of season, but I do think he's gonna be top 100 as long as he's a starting member of the Indiana Pacers. Onyeka Okonwu, and this is a tougher one. I know. Lately, he has not been good, and that has pushed his season mark down to 130. And a lot of that's because he's not really getting any defensive stats. He's playing 23 minutes of ballgame, which should generally be enough for him. He's just, like, not as involved on defense this year, and I couldn't possibly tell you why. Hawks are doing slightly different stuff. I do think that at some point, this deal balances out. And at some point, Capela's gonna get hurt. And then Okongo's gonna go nuts. So you kinda wanna hang on there, and I get it. It's tougher. You're probably not starting him in roto formats right now against your games cap, especially while he's been kinda running cold. But they're just, like again, this is this whole, is there anybody out there that could step into massive, massive value and is already sort of fringe value anyway. Most of the guys that step into the giant value, like, take Orlando Robinson for instance. He was 0 until Bam Adebayo went down and Haywood Highsmith went down, and now he's a monster. That's not a guy you keep on your bench because you need multiple things to happen, and he wasn't doing anything before that. Al Horford is actually interesting example of this. He's a guy who was not that dissimilar actually from this Okonwu situation, a little bit farther down the board when is healthy, who apparently, by the way, he's back, but then went down and Horford jumped into this giant center role and went from, you know, 1 50, 1 60 range to top 30. Is that a reason to hang on to him all the time? Probably not because most of the time, he wasn't good enough to justify holding on to. Anyway, I think Okonbu is good enough to justify holding, you know, head to head leagues. He's doing sort of just enough to be somewhat useful. And then roto, you just keep him on your bench. Treat him like an injury replacement if you want. And then when he gets hot again, you drop him back in even if Capella is up there. Alex Caruso is a hold. Also, again, I don't know that this one requires a ton of explaining. He's number 78 on the year. Basically, anytime he's been healthy this season, he's been playable. So go for it. The Wizards, I had them on the holds board last time. It's a much easier sell right now because, you know, they're coming off of better ball games. Like, they were competitive against the 70 sixers their last time out. And so all these guys, it's like, oh, yeah. They're fine. Cole Anthony is an obvious hold with no explanation needed. He's been running very hot, and Jalen Suggs is out for, sounds like less time than it looked like. He was listed as questionable for tonight, and then he just got ruled out, about a half an hour ago, which makes me think he'll probably miss a couple of ball games, but I thought he was gonna miss a few weeks, and maybe it's not quite that bad. We can open prey. Derek Lively is an obvious hold. I'm not even gonna explain this one because if you're thinking about dropping him, you're out of your damn mind. And then Malik Beasley, basically the same thing. He bay he had one bad ballgame, and someone was like, hey. Is this gonna chill? Until he really falls apart, which I still think could happen at some point because he's shooting 48% from the field. That's way the hell out over his skis on that one. But he's been really involved in what the Bucks have done over the last 2 to 3 weeks in particular is sort of non shooting role has increased. So I'm gonna need, like, 1 to 2 weeks of really bad play for me to move off of this thing. It seems like he's fine for now, so keep him as a whole. Once again, as we flip pages, please like, rate, and subscribe. Here are the scared, nervous, or drop level players. Caris LeVert, I left on there. He's hurt now, so he's an obvious drop. Jaden Ivy is one that I think is in the nervous slash drop. He's, like, kind of in between the 2. He had a pretty good ballgame last time around. We're trying to make sense of what Monty Williams is saying. He's talking about shortening up his rotations. Ivy had big minutes for, like, a week, and then he went back to the bench, and his minutes have been 0 and then some. It's really hard to know what the hell he's gonna do on a game to game basis. And so I don't think he needs to be rostered right now. Because in Roto, there's zero chance you're playing him. And even if somebody was like, oh, Jaden Ivey's gonna play starters minutes, we saw what that was last year when all of the other usage guys were gone, and it still wasn't good enough, if that makes any sense. That is to say, like, he was playing starters minutes, and he was outside the top 200 because he has these gaping holes in his fantasy game. Sure. He gets steals. That's fun. And some assists, and that's okay. But his free throw percent is not good. Field goal percent is better this year, but do we know that that sticks? No. There's no guarantee. His turnovers are high. He's got all the young player issues and no guarantee of actual minutes. And so that's why I don't think you really need to hang on to him. I think you could make a move if it looks like something's shifting there, but I don't know that you need to get out in front of it because the upside isn't all that high anyway, at least not in 9 cat. Bobby Portis, he's a drop. And now he's yelling at his team and his coach and their I don't know what the hell that story was yesterday from Chris Haines about him, emphatic or imploring his team to do more or play harder or whatever is going on. Bobby Porter seems like a crazy person, and he has for some number of years now. And, also, his fantasy value is tied up in points and rebounds, and there are days where he doesn't get those. He's just no. Keatay George, I left in this page. He I had him here last week, and it's the same, basically. I like the outlines of his fantasy game. That's fine. But the, it hasn't been colored in yet, if that makes any sense. Probably doesn't. I'm trying to use, like, a, you know, play by play color commentator type analogy here where you could see the assists from Keontay. You can see sometimes he's willing to go take some shots, but he's outside the top 200 because he can't shoot. Free throws aren't good. His turnovers are very high, and there just isn't enough stuff besides assists. You can't do even if it's like, I get it. Assists are hard to find, and so we're all in this constant, like, oh, what's that one? Kind of thing. But that's not enough. Again, you like, you need to be punting everything. You can't punt everything. Head to head, I understand why there might be a desire to try to sort of active stash him roto. I also kinda get why you almost could treat him like an injury type player, but there's, again, no there's no guarantee that he's putting up numbers this season. And your best guess is February, March. Some of the efficiency stuff starts to decrease in intensity. But even that, that's that's not a guarantee either. I don't know. I'm you guys know me. You listen to the show for a long time if you've been with us for a while. If you're relatively new, introducing you to the Dan Vesper's method of fantasy. I don't really like squatting on players for very long. I need those roster spots to do other active things with. So that's why I feel like we can probably just let Keontae George go. And if somebody's playing him right now, he's ruining their fantasy weeks. He's doing way more damage than good. Keeper leagues, I get it. I'm not talking about keeper. I'm not talking about dynasty. I'm talking about redraft right now. Grizzlies, non stars, I think are all basically safe drops at this point. Ja is getting close. I think he's 4 or 5 games away now if I'm remembering how many games the grizzlies have played. Marcus Smart will probably be back in the next one and a half weeks or so. So the grizzlies are about to get healthier. And then whatever fringy players they have cooking these days, Santiago Dama had a good game a couple times, and then Jon Konchari had a decent one. Sometimes, Biyombo's okay, and sometimes Xavier Tillman is okay. None of these guys are gonna matter in, like, a week. So why are we fighting it? Just let it go. Let it go. The cold never bothered them anyway. Andrew Wiggins, who came back from mushing his finger in a car door and stunk again. I he's a tough one because at any sign of, you know, shaking off this Valium fog or whatever the hell he's under these days, then he becomes an ad. But we're talking 2 good games out of about 20 so far this year. That's simply not a good enough ratio. The problem, of course, is every time he has a good game, you're like, oh, is the next one going to also be good? Is this the start of a turnaround? And so far, neither of them has been. So this is another guy who's ruining fantasy teams. Roto, I think I would think more about squatting on him because, you know, it's in there someplace. Something's wrong. I don't know what's wrong, but something's wrong. And then head to head, you just, like, you can't have him right now. He's crushing teams. He's been so bad in almost every single category. It's wild. The watch list. These are kind of fun names, actually. Scoot Henderson is a watch list guy. Blazers are dealing with myriad injuries these days. Malcolm Brogdon out as soon as Simons came back. Jeremy Gran has a concussion. Deandre Ayton is dealing with a sore knee. We'll see if he comes back. At some point here in the next 2 months, Scoot's probably gonna be kind of interesting. So constant watch list. I know there's a constant gardener. I'm a I'm Scoot's a conch constant watch list. Patrick Williams is on my watch list. I don't think you need to stash him yet because it feels like he's still one player away from being useful, and DeMar and Caruso are both in right now. Kayla Barton is a watch list for me. He looked pretty good in that last ballgame, but, again, a lot of guys are out for the heat. And so even if he does put it together for a couple of days here, I don't know that I'm gonna trust it anyway. He probably could. He probably could. If you wanted to stream Caleb Martin, I don't think it'd be the worst idea in the world, but I watch listing him. Omer Yurtsevinn is on my watch list. I don't think this is gonna pan out, but, yeah, just there. This is like filler. Derek Jones junior, who may qualify as an injury replacement guy, which is weird because he's starting most games, but hasn't been able to do enough unless people have been missing. And right now, Grant Williams we missed their last ballgame. I don't know if we have an injury update on the Mavs yet this morning. It might have happened while I've been on air here. But Grant Williams is out. Josh Green's been out. It's better for Derrick Jones junior when either Kyrie or Luca's missing because then, you know, 15 to 25 shots get dropped back into the player pool. But he's he's close ish when other wings are out. The missing stars is what kinda puts him up and over. Norman Powell, man, and Josh Hart. These guys, I'll put them in the same bucket. I just can't quit these dudes. Every time I think that they're they've completely they're droppable, then they come back and they have a better ball game. Norm had a better last one. Josh Hart's had a few good ones in a row on top of a very good tweet. If you missed it, go follow Josh Hart. He's funny. And I don't know what to do with them. I know I'm the fantasy analyst. I'm supposed to tell you what to do, but I don't know what to do with these guys. So the answer there is watch list. When in doubt, just watch them. The Blazers, I highlighted Matisse Thiebel on the the graphic, but it's like all of them. Because, again, while all these guys are out, someone may step into something. We know Shaden Sharp's gonna play about 45 minutes a game while everybody's hurt, and he's in a prime sell high spot. You'll see that when we get to the sell high page. But if the eyeball somehow picks up 30 minutes, he'd be interesting. Jabari Walker, if he picks up 30, Tamani Kamara. There's a bunch of guys on that club that could be sort of interesting if someone was like, Dan, I can promise you they're playing 30 minutes tonight, but I don't think there's any guarantee of that. And so that's why we're gonna tread cautiously. And I threw Moses Moody on the watch list because Steve Kerr came out after the last ballgame. He was like, look. These lineups aren't working. Does that mean Andrew Wiggins is getting benched? He probably should. They are ramming a square peg into a circle hole right now. A round hole, I guess, is the appropriate expression. Maybe it's time for Moody to get some more playing time. He's been outplaying both Klay Thompson and Wiggins so far this year, but at least Klay can space the floor. That's good for Steph. Wiggins is literally doing nothing. Injury replacement board. This is always a fun one. Hey. Go subscribe and drop a 5 star review while I queue up the injury replacement board. I know. I'm doing it a lot today. Sorry, everybody. I'm being a pain in your butts. These are all the names that are maybes. Don't necessarily just start them because I'm saying their name here in on Friday morning. Make sure to pay attention to Ethos Fantasy BK, that Twitter feed for NBA news. You'll find out if any of these guys are coming back because that could be a thing. The safest names on this injury replacement board are Duncan Robinson as long as Tyler Herro is out, Orlando Robinson as long as Bam and Highsmith are out, Kobe White with LaVine out for a month now. Sadiq Bey with Jalen Johnson out for a while. He's been very safe. Eric Gordon's gonna be pretty safe because KD and Beal are probably out for this ballgame, although it sounds like Bradley Beal's trying to come back early next week. Grayson Allen is also, I think, out for the Suns. If Mark Williams misses another game, Nick Richards was a wonderful fill in in their last one. And then the slightly less safe ones would be Kyle Lowry for the heat, also the Tyler hero situation, Brandon Miller for Charlotte with LaMelo out. And then the least safe one is Symone Fontecchio, who's been decidedly meh with Lowry marking it out, but probably makes sense as more of a head to head style stream. But there are some really interesting names in that list. Like, both Robinson's on the heat have put up really nice numbers lately. Kobe White's been rolling. Bay had a couple really good ball games. Nick Richards, an easy sort of one to one replacement. So you got a lot of really good injury replacements going right now, and, frankly, this may be the most interesting page on today's show. And for some reason, I left this one, highlighted. I I don't know what I've done, but you're just gonna have to deal with it, those that are watching. Buy low and sell high. Oh, there we go. I fixed it. DeMar DeRozan is a buy low. I I still feel pretty confident that his free throw percent is going to slowly trickle upward, it already has begun to do so. He was in the late sixties. He had one good free throw shooting game, and now he's at 61. Every good free throw shooting game he has, he's gonna move up, like, 5, 6, 7 slots until he gets to 85, 86, and then he'll be inside probably the top 45. That's it. That's the buy low. And with LaVine out for a while, DeMar's shots are gonna be plentiful. The assists will be fine. You'll probably see the scoring tick up as the possibly both percentages improve for him. Man, it makes him a very quiet but useful by low candidate. People like, oh, I think he's washed now. Not really. He basically looks the same. Free throw percent doesn't just disappear as you get old. That makes no sense. Keegan Murray. Buy low on Keegan Murray. He can't get his back right, but at some point, he will. And Andy's gonna shoot better than 39%, and you're gonna wanna be there when it happens. Walker Kessler. We've all forgotten how good he is when he plays 28 minutes or more, and he's gonna be better as the Jazz get healthy because the games will be more competitive. He can do his sole job as opposed to being asked to do anything else. And you can probably get him on the cheap now because he's come back, and they brought him off the bench for a week and a half. And everybody's like, oh, this is annoying. I don't wanna wait on this. And then I don't know about how Cam Johnson is still by lowable, but people really don't appreciate Cam Johnson's fantasy game, which is silly. He's number 81 on the season right now after the slow start. Remember, they were kinda working him back from, injury and blah blah blah. Over the last, I think, 3 weeks now, he's been more like, what, 60 range? Something like that. And that's without steals. Camm Johnson's just gonna float his way into the 50 to 70 range, and you can probably get him for someone near 80 right now. Your sell highs continues to be Kyle Kuzma because nobody wants to listen to me on that one, but he's just gonna slowly work his way down the board as the percentages end up where we always know they'll be. He's shooting 89% at the free throw line over the last 3 weeks. That's not sustainable. Just not. Believe me, don't believe me. From earlier this week, we had Donovan Mitchell on the sell high board, not because I think he's gonna fall off too hard. I just think he's gonna fall off a little bit. The steal's at 2 per game, probably not a sustainable number. The free throw percent was up around 90 for a while. He's at 88 right now. As those things come back to Earth, he'll fall from rank what was he? 6 earlier this week. He's 8 now after one slightly less amazing ballgame, and even that's, like, hair splitting. He probably falls into, like, the 12 to 17 range, but it does feel like right now you could flip him for someone that you think is headed up into the top 10, like maybe a Steph Curry, possibly. I don't know who else I'm not even sure who else fits that marker. It might just be Steph. That might be the target. Otherwise, I don't know that there's anything to do here. CJ McCollum, you already saw the the first sign of it. Still got 2 steals yesterday, but there's just no way he was gonna keep up the pace he was on. McCollum was a 2nd rounder. Like, he's still he was early second. Now he's late second after one bad game. Again, he he's only played 10 games because of the pneumothorax. 2.6 defensive stats, there's just no way that holds. He might beat his ADP, though. I think he's getting drafted in, like, the eighties. He might beat that. But twenties, nah. I think you could probably get someone in the forties or fifties back for him, and that's probably still worth it. Bogdan Bogdanovic, I had on my sell high board earlier this week because I think he probably ends up hurting his knee at some point, but Trae Young is ill. He might miss this ballgame. So then Bogdan actually this would be a good time to hold on to him for one more day. And Shaden Sharp, who's gonna be a great sell high because he has all these efficiency issues on the season, 42% high volume from the field, 3 turnovers, 37 minutes a game. But guess what? With Grant out and probably Brogdon out, and we maybe maybe eating out, Sharp played 42 minutes in their last ballgame. And he's just gonna take a crap ton of shots, and he's gonna get points and boards and assists and steals and threes, and his free throw number's fine. And with usage and opportunity like that, it doesn't really matter if the field goal percentage turnovers are crummy. His usage will be high enough to counterweight that. So enjoy it for a game or 2, and then someone's gonna be like, damn. This dude's scoring, like, 26 points a game with 8 boards and 5 assists and 2 steals. Sell at that point. So let him do it. Like, tonight, he'll probably have a giant ballgame. Who the hell are the blazers playing tonight? Doesn't matter. We'll figure it out in a minute. Dallas, I don't know. Maybe he'll have a big ballgame. Now how to play? Do you play 42 minutes and not have a giant ballgame? He's gonna do something. Wait for him to do a something big tonight and then try to sell him off before guys come back and his usage, honestly, plummets, but certainly takes a hit. And that, I believe, is the end of our board. Yep. That was it. You guys can watch me close Microsoft Word live on air. Amazing podcasting with Dan Vesperst today. Let's take a look at what's going on tonight. Very large, very large Friday card. We'll try to move through this at some kind of reasonable clip. I wanna try to do another show later on this afternoon, so we're not gonna do questions. We we very rarely do questions on these Friday shows, but so we're not gonna do questions. We we very rarely do questions on these Friday shows, but I do appreciate you guys hanging out in the chat room and chopping it up live. It's pretty cool to have a lot of folks that wanna watch the show in real time. It's been a fun because we really haven't focused on YouTube but for, like, a year. So it's kinda cool to see how things have have picked up a bit there. Let's get the there it is. There's the Friday slate on your screen. I think I can even make this larger. I know. This is remedial YouTubing with Danvers. Alright. What are we watching for tonight? Toronto. And here's the thing. Like, we talk about everything that happened over the course of the week, and so now we go through all these teams, and it's like, alright. How do we put some of those topics into, into this sort of process? And you'll know immediately as we get to each team, and that's why we can kinda lightning round this a little bit. I because I I do feel like it's a tad repetitive. But, you know, there are a couple of teams that aren't playing the rest of this weekend. So I I guess there's that element to it. The Lakers, their game tomorrow doesn't count against the, the Pacers and then the Pels and Bucks who played, yesterday and lost. They, they're done for the week, so nothing to do with those teams. And then the other 26, they all play tonight. Toronto, nothing. Charlotte, we talked about, you know, your Mark Williams health status and then, guys like Gordon Hayward, Brandon Miller, and even PJ Washington are kind of probably PJ probably should have been on the watch list. Detroit, what did Monty Williams mean when he said he was gonna shorten things up? And then who's filling in for Jalen Duran who's expected to miss at least 2 weeks with his latest ankle issue? Orlando, I'm you know, we probably see Gary Harris start because I doubt they wanna upset the, you know, Cole Anthony zooming off the bench routine. Is Gary Harris worth a replacement play? I doubt it In roto, head to head, I mean, maybe if he needs to, like, 2 threes and a steal, he'll almost definitely get you that. That's not much, especially here on an overload day. And then Orlando's off for a while. Remember, there's, you know, no actual games Sunday either. We don't have action we don't have actual fantasy basketball again until next week after tonight. So maybe Jaylen Suggs is back. I honestly, I thought he was much I thought the injury was worse. It may turn out that he's just out for a little while, and they were sort of being coy about it. In any event, let's see. What do we got here? Atlanta's next on the board. Trae Young is the the question mark for today. A lot of guys get to do more stuff. Deandre Hunter moves across the cut line when Young is out because he gets more shots, and then a bunch of guys that were already doing a bunch of things get to do more bunch of things. Philly, we're watching Kelly Oubre impact on anything else as well. Washington, just, you know, can they be competitive here against Brooklyn? Cam Thomas had a really bad ballgame, and people freaked out. And, you know, they can because he's also a guy who doesn't have a massive fantasy profile outside of scoring a crap ton of points. So if it gets ugly, it turns ugly quick, and then Dinwiddie as well. They've got some head to head style streamers on that team. Dorian Finney Smith, Royce O'Neil have been head to head level. Sometimes, Roto, but in my opinion, I I need a better guarantee. The Knicks, Josh Hart, sort of the only question there. Boston, it sounds like Porzingis is back, so bye bye, Horford. So sad. Don't worry. Well, you'll get another shot. Porzingis never stays healthy for a whole year. Minnesota, Nasrid's heater, I guess. Oh, he should've been somewhere on my board. Nasrid probably should've been a heater ad. Can I go back retroactively and put Nasrid in as a heater ad? Will you guys allow that? My bad. I knew I was gonna miss somebody. It's hard, man. You go through all 30 teams, you're gonna miss someone. Grizzlies, meh. Cavs, Evan Mobley is questionable. If he's out, you'll probably see maybe Dean Wade move in, but it'll just be more for Jared Allen and more probably more rebounds for Max Strouse. That's been fun. Miami, we got all the streamers. Golden State, I do wanna that you know, that's an interesting one. So I think we'll have a better idea when Golden State announces their starting lineup. If it's the same crap, think one they've been running out there, then, you know, womp womp, we won't get any information. But it would be kinda cool to see Steve Kerr go, you know what, Wiggins? You suck. And Moody, you're going. Moody might be an ad if he gets thrown into the starting 5. That's a maybe. Thunder, nothing. Bulls, you know, it's all just about stashing time these days, so not much there. Spurs, not unless they somehow decide Trae Jones finally gets starters minutes. That would be the thing that would move a needle there. Houston, nothing. Denver, nothing. Kings, Keegan Murray bye. We know that. Malik Monk's minutes. What if he has a cold shooting night? Do his minutes disappear? That's what I really wanna know there with Monk. Phoenix is down probably 3 starters. So Eric Gordon's gonna do a bunch of stuff. You might even see Keita Bates' job do a little bit too, but I wouldn't start him in roto. Clippers, Norman Powell, are you or aren't you worth my damn time? The jazz mans. Jordan Clarkson might be back, which probably helps a bunch of other guys even if he's not really a 9 cat guy himself. But with Markkanen still out, if Clarkson does come back, this may be the game where we see him take 18, 19 shots, which, you know, that's fun. If you got him in points league, I get. Dallas, let's see what Derrick Jones Junior does if, 2 of those other wingies are out. And then Portland, I'm very interested in to see if any of these fringe dudes can get a reliable 30 minutes on the floor. I'm sort of doubting it, but, hey. At least we got Simons back. A little bit of a game changer in a lot of formats. Anthony Simons could very very well be in the top 3 three pointers guys this year. Just trying to think of, like, who's hitting a lot of threes right now. Steph is at 5.1. Luca's at 3.9. Halliburton's at 3.9. These guys have actually played some ball games. Simons has hit 4 a game, but he's only played 2. Bogdan's at 3a half or sorry, Boyan Bogdanovic. LaMelo was at 3a half. Tim Hardaway was at 3.4. Steph is out in his own stratosphere. But Simons could be one of those, like, 4 a game kinda dudes. That'd be good for his field goal percent, but that is intriguing. I am intrigued by this. Could he be top 2 or 3 and 3 pointers made this year? I think that's a possibility. Okay. Wanted to try to keep this one to about 45 minutes. I think we're right around that marker. So let's go ahead and pull the plug on it because I wanna save my voice a tad. I had to do I didn't say had to do. I was fortunate enough that certain schools in and around Los Angeles, Cal Poly Pomona be one of them, USC, LMU, these places give me the awesome opportunity to do play by play for them throughout the year. So I had, 2 ball games yesterday in addition to the podcast. So I did about 5 hours of broadcasting yesterday, and, my voice is tired. And I want to debut a brand new show type here later on today. My hope is that if my voice is okay and timing works out because the nanny's sick today, we'll be able to do the 1st ever dynasty edition of Fantasy NBA Today where I don't say a word. I'll be there, and I'll say things like, interesting. That's very cool. But Mark Camaro, who's our dynasty lead at sports ethos, is gonna be on with me. He's gonna be giving you guys the dynasty ads, the dynasty fades. Basically, the the key moves to make here after watching about 6 and a half weeks of this, 2023 campaign. And you got a nice little layoff over the weekend if you wanna try to do something about it. Because I know you dynasty nuts, you guys are making moves literally every second of every day. And this is a great time to do it when you don't have to worry about setting lineups after tonight. So that would be pretty cool if we can get that going later today. Stay tuned and make sure to subscribe. No matter how you're taking in the show, that'll be a way to make sure that you get to hear that show when it drops. I say when because I'm I'm feeling optimistic. In the meantime, I am at Dan Vesperos over on social. I just dropped, like, 2 or 3 threads this morning alone, and I gotta do another one. Maybe I'll wait on the next one. My fingers, my voice, they all need a break. Man needs a break. And go check out sports ethos. But more than anything, just come hang in our Discord. Seriously, we've dropped links to basically all the stuff we got going on. We'll give you the ethos fantasy b k Twitter feed. Those two spots. Ethos fantasy b k on Twitter and our Discord. If you come to those joints, I promise you'll be happy you did. You'll get the news you need. You'll get analysis you need, and the Discord is great because there's a free side and a premium side. If you have a fantasy pass or a wager pass or a DFS pass or whatever, you get access to the premium stuff. That's where you can hang out with the analysts, the pros. You get live betting if it's on the the wagering side. You get live DFS updates and plays. But if you want the free side, that's great too. The NBA channel is really cooking on the free side. Like, I haven't logged in because I had those play by play games since, you know, like, late afternoon yesterday. And there's, like, 20, 30 questions that folks are posting, and they put the little, you know, miscellaneous colored dots that you can choose as an emoji, and and it it all gets sort of crowdsourced. It's really rad. I love it. This is the first time I think our Discord has been big enough to where that can kind of sustain itself. So join it because every single person that comes in and is active makes it better. Alright. That's my PSA for hanging out with us here at Sports Ethos. Have a great middle of your Friday. I hope to talk to you guys, a little bit long later on this afternoon. Enjoy the giant card tonight, and enjoy your respite over the weekend. And enjoy the first ever NBA Cup finals finals finals from Vegas. Android LeBron versus rising stud, Tyrese Halliburton. Should be fun. Alright. We'll talk to you later, everybody. So long. I'm Dan. You do that.