Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. It's such a good jam. Such a good jam. That gets me pumped. Hope it gets you guys pumped as well. I shaved. You guys can see that? You know what I used to shave? I used the MANSCAPED lawnmower that's over there somewhere on the other side of my room. I also took care of, these areas right here, cheeks, lower down here on the neck, lower neck. That's with the, handyman. Promo code there is Ethos 20. If you wanna get 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscape.com. Again, that's Ethos 20 for 20% off and free shipping. Figured this was a good way to do a promo because I look, presentable again. Look at that guy. He looks okay. We'll take it. Good Friday to you all. This is our week in review and weekend look ahead edition of Fantasy NBA Today. I am Dan Vesbrus at danbesbris@danvsbris over on social media. We've got all sorts of stuff flying around on Twitter these days. News breaks and threads and end of night recaps and look aheads and Bilo targets. I hope that you guys will find me over there. Anybody that is in the chat room on YouTube, feel free to throw some questions in there. And if anybody's like, is Dan really worth checking out on social media? I hope that you guys will then also pop in and say, yeah. He's extremely active probably to a disgusting level and unhealthy one, perhaps. And that's why you guys need to find me over there. I'm also gonna throw the Discord link into the live chat. I did I did officially get it into the description of the show, so you guys can find it there as well if you guys wanna pop on over into the free side of the Discord. If you have any of our premium stuff, let Ahmad know in Discord, and they'll open up different rooms for you to, check that out. Today's show, we're gonna be it's the 1st Friday show of the year, which is cool. Those that have been watching or listening to Fantasy NBA Today for the last couple of seasons know that we have a way that we do our Friday shows. We have the ads. We have the drops. We have the holds. We have the watch list, guys. We have some injury replacement level players. We have some buy lows. We have some sell highs. We go through basically every big storyline of the week. And I put all of this out on Twitter, but I do think it's important for you guys to come hang out with us on the show because we can provide a little bit of color commentary to why certain names are where they are. The lists are very incomplete in that. Like, you can put any someone in an ads list, but that doesn't tell the whole story. Why are they there? What formats do they make sense for? All that kind of stuff. That's what we'll get into here on today's show. So let's throw this thing up on the board. Those that are listening live, don't worry. I'm gonna read every name on it. Those that are watching with us, this is I couldn't fit all of the names in each section on each page that you guys are gonna see. So just remember that we're kinda we'll go through it piece by piece here. I went Microsoft Word with the presentation today just because it was gonna save me about 20 minutes of throwing stuff into a sheet. But it gets the job done. K? Okay. I think I can make my face a little bit bigger, and you guys can still see the words. If anybody in the chat room says no. The words are too small now. Let me know, and I'll, try to move the faces and places around, and and then you'll be able to see it a little bit better. Let's start with the ads, and we'll just go through. This is in no particular order. I was just looking at at the recent game played for every single team. It's almost like reverse chronological the way I was going backwards through games that had happened more recently, you know, all the way back Wednesday, Tuesday, whatever. The first name is Kelly Oubre junior, who's on the ads board. But, again, this is why the show provides a a certain measure of context that the Twitter feed does not. Kelly Oubre junior had a really big ball game yesterday. 27 points, 4 rebounds, a steal, and 5 3 pointers, but he did it on a ridiculous 9 out of 11 shooting from the field and 4 for 4 at the free throw line. Those numbers are not sustainable numbers for Oubre, who is a low to mid forties guy from the field and actually not a very good foul shooter in general or at least not a positive impact one. So you could make 2 arguments about Kelly. The first one, the negative one is he's not gonna get 32 and a half minutes a game every day because day games where he's not this hot, D'Anthony Melton's gonna take those minutes. PJ Tucker's gonna take some of those minutes. You might even see the team go bigger or smaller, more Patrick Beverley, more Paul Reed. Don't worry. We'll get to him in a minute. The guys that are locked in on this team are Embiid, Tyrese Maxey, and Tobias Harris. Those are the ones you don't really have to worry about. Melton is like a partial lock in. Shot just wasn't really falling for him yesterday, and he was having a little bit of trouble with Dame. So, Philly went to the hot hand. And then you could also argue that Oubre is not gonna hit that volume or that percentage of shots. And and both of these, I think, are accurate assessments. But the thing is right now with no James Harden, they need some more scoring. And that bench punch that Kelly provided yesterday was critical. So I'm not all that surprised that he came in and got double digit shots. I think that's actually something that you might see from him as long as no trade happens. Because once something happens with Harden, whether he plays for them at half speed or gets traded for someone else who will play at full speed, Oubre won't likely be on this list anymore. And so you could kinda call him a James Harden fill in to some degree. But this level of minutes and the opportunity that he's been provided makes him a semi ad. He's not my most exciting one on this list, but he does, I think, believe belong there at least for now. Name number 2 is Jalen Johnson, who, just had himself a wonderful game on Wednesday. Played 29 and a half minutes off the bench, 21 points, 7 boards, 2 assists, 2 steals, a block, a 3 pointer, missed his free throws, or it would have been one of the best lines of the damn night. Made his shots, shot 69% in that ball game. Again, it's not gonna be this good every time. You had a lackluster performance from Murray. Deandre Hunter fouled out in his 31 minutes. Bogdan Bogdanovic, I don't think that he's a real threat, but Saddiq Bey played 29 minutes. That's a number that could inch up a little bit. I think as we go into the next ball game for Johnson, which I believe is coming up later on tonight, I would expect more like 24 minutes for him as opposed to 29 or 30, but we got a glimpse of the upside here. If a guy like Hunter fouls out, if maybe Dejounte Murray's having a terrible ball game, if Saddiq Bey has a terrible ball game, which by the way didn't happen, If he's awful, you'll see more Jalen Johnson. So there are these ways that he can sort of squeeze out an extra 3, 4 minutes over the likely, I believe, 23, 24, 25 is probably the target they have for him. But you gotta like the steals. You gotta like the blocks. You gotta like the rebounds. You gotta like the field goal percent. A lot of that stuff is repeatable for Johnson. So when he does come out and possibly even as early as tonight, have a stinker, don't abandon ship that fast because we've now seen the upside, and it's good. So he's an ad. Delon Wright is my next ad. One of my favorite ads, frankly. I know that he only had 25, 26 minutes, but I don't care because that's more than enough for him. He was top 70 last year in 24 and a half minutes. 25 or 26 is frankly just freaking gravy. He's on a bad team that doesn't play any defense. He's gonna be out there hustling for steals, distributing because he has all these guys on his club that wanna shoot. Kuzma wants to shoot. Jordan Poole wants to shoot. Corey Kispert off the bench wants to shoot. He's got all these guys that want to get shots up. Daniel, Danilo Gallinari. And he's a guy that can just go get him the ball. Very good rebounding point guard as well. No. He's not gonna score very much. I don't care about that. The reason we like Delon Wright is because he is hyper elite in steals. He's very good, rebounding point guard, pretty good at assists, and he doesn't need a ton of minutes to get there. So even if the minutes fluctuate between 2029, that's fine. There's already a question in the chat room about my thoughts on Kelly Oubre. I just said my thoughts on Kelly Oubre. I need you guys to be paying close attention to he's probably a James Harden replacement. And when Harden gets traded I'll say it again. When Harden gets traded, he's probably a drop. And there's no and and I also said that in the next ball game when he shoots 3 for 12, it's gonna be harder on you. But they need his punch right now, and so that's why I think he belongs on rosters in the short term. I know what was so complicated about that. Emanuel Quickley, next one on the ads board, who's another guy that could fall off. He played 28 minutes, was extremely efficient, made 7 out of 11 shots in their season opener for 24 points, 6 boards, 4 assists, a steal, and 5 3 pointers. I just believe that he's better than a lot of the guys on the Knicks, and I do despite the fact that he didn't get his contract extended, I think he's one of those situations where the cream is gonna rise to the top. Because in my eyes, he's gonna provide better things for the Knicks than Dante Divincenzo or Quentin Grimes, who I know they like, but I think Quickley is better. If he was taller, I'd say he gets in there over RJ Barrett, but he's not because Barrett's a bigger dude, and and they need more size. But I think you can expect Quickley to get between 25 and 29 minutes per game based on what we saw in game 1. He's gonna be out there, and he's gonna be gunning and facilitating with a lot of that second unit stuff. And so I think he belongs on rosters. Don't worry. There are Knicks that are on the other side of this equation that we'll get into in a minute. Isaiah Stewart is the next name on the board. He had a really nice first ballgame for Detroit with 14 points, 14 boards, 2, 3 pointers, and a couple of assists. Generally, he's not a big defensive stats guy, but 35 minutes, he'll get a steal or a block most of the time in 35 minutes, I should say. But more than anything, I thought the 35 minutes was the really good piece of news in this game. The team was just better when he was out there as a big dude who now has learned how to space the floor, kinda happened mid to late last season. So he can play alongside Jalen Duran as the non floor spacing defensive minded big. And if Stewart can provide a little bit of offense, that's what keeps him on the floor over someone like Marvin Bagley who can't really defend, is probably a little bit better on offense. And there will be days where Stewart gets more like 28 minutes. If Bagley's playing really well, he might get 20, 21, something like that. But what I saw out of Isaiah Stewart in game 1, was in my mind enough to get him onto rosters just to kinda see how this thing shakes out. By the way, I didn't put Azzar Thompson anywhere on any of these lists, because I figure he's drafted, and he's just sitting there. And I don't think anybody's gonna punt after 1 ballgame, so that's why I skipped over certain guys. And if that's your thing, like, if you're gonna be, hey, Dan. Why didn't you talk about this guy? I can't talk about the whole goddamn NBA today. So just hang with me here. Max Struss is the next name on the ads board. And I know for YouTubers, he's the last name on this page, but fear not, there are actually more names out there. And I know what you're all gonna say, and you're right about all of them. Is he gonna average 27 points? Of course not. Is he gonna average 12 rebounds and 7 3 pointers? Of course not. Could he get you a steal every ball game? Yeah. Will he get you a block? Probably not. But is he gonna play 30 minutes plus? It sure as heck looks like it. And this has always been the thing. Max Struss was a guy I don't know if you guys remember this, but a couple years ago, he was a guy that I think I'm trying to remember what I I believe it was the, the cheap free agents board that Erin Bruschi put together, not a fantasy list. Brew does this in the off season every year, where, he puts together the the cash to value rankings for NBA teams looking at free agents. And Strouse was a guy that Bruce is maybe it wasn't this list. Maybe it was just, like, the the deep sleepers. This is a guy that Brew was, like, keep an eye on basically forever because his fantasy game is better than people realize, and now we're getting a chance to see it. I picked him up every single place I could because knowing full well that this is one of the best games he'll have all year, I don't care about that because the Cavs wanna have a little bit more offense this season. They won games last year largely with defense. Jared Allen's not in there right now, but I'm not worried about that because that mostly helped Isaac Okoro in their game on Wednesday. Strouse, I think, is basically just gonna be there. He's the starting small forward on this team probably all season long. Yes. Jared Allen squeezes the minutes for everybody because Evan Mobley got his minutes at center, and more of his will come at power forward. So that pushes Okoro down, and whatever he gets would be split between power forward and small forward. And Caris LeVert, if he was getting small forward minutes, some of those might have to push down towards shooting guard, and there's this trickle down effect. So, yeah, that's why I don't think Max Drus is gonna play 39 damn minutes of all game, but 30 plus does feel like the target for him. And the fact that he was comfortable just jacking away, great. I can think he could be like a poor man's Klay Thompson. Better rebounder, frankly, than Klay. So I see absolutely no reason why he shouldn't be universally rostered after seeing the way Cavs wanna use him. And just accept that there are gonna be days where he's cold. His minutes are probably lower on those days. But overall, he's probably gonna be their starter full time, and you want starters who can nail threes at a good clip like that. Cam Thomas is the next name on the ads board, and he, like Kelly Oubre, comes with sort of the disclaimer of dude played 25 minutes, took 21 shots at a usage rate of 45 and an unsustainably high everything in game 1. Cam Thomas is going to be your ultimate boom or bust play, basically, as long as you've got him on your roster. I didn't pick him up anywhere because that's too freaking nerve wracking for me. I can't handle the boom or bust guys. If you can, have at it because he's gonna be hot for 2 or 3 games in a row. He's gonna score 90 points over those 2 or 3 games, and then he's gonna go a week where he scores 7 points, has, like, a negative 45 point differential, and doesn't see the court in 2 out of the 3 of them. Be ready for that because it will happen. Cam Thomas is a guy who gets playing time when he's hot. A little bit like the Kelly Oubre thing. Although, I think Oubre's minutes are probably a little more safe than cam Thomas, but be aware that's what you're getting into. And I'd even put the words buyer beware on the screen for those that are watching with us right now. Herb Jones is the next name on the ads board. He's more of a specialist. He had a better game, in the first one, played 38 minutes to lead the Pelicans in that category. 13 points is probably a safe target for him, maybe even a little bit on the high side. Eight rebounds is way more than he's gonna get most nights. Three assists is probably more than he's gonna get most nights. Two defensive stats, you're probably looking for about 2, 2a half of those and a 3 pointer or 2. And if you get that, you're probably getting what you were looking for with him. And if you don't need that stuff, then you can move on, but I think a lot of teams probably do. Xavier Tillman is on the ads board. Yes. I know he was someone that should have been added as soon as folks heard that Steven Adams was down because Tillman was a top 100 play when Adams was hurt late last year. And the grizzlies opened up in a perfect scenario for Tillman because they had Jonas Valancunas and Zion Williamson as the front court in game 1. They have Nikola Jokic as the frontcourt in game 2. So they really have no choice but to play a whole bunch of Tillman against gigantic dudes that no one else on the team can handle with Steven Adams down. And Santi Aldama's still down. Not that he could handle those big dudes either, but it's Tillman or bust for the grizzlies right now. So, just get on board. Derek Lively the second is also on the ads board. No. I don't think he's gonna be able to keep up the pace he kept up in game 1. He shot 7 of 8 from the field. 16 points, 10 rebounds, a steal, and a block. He only missed one of his 3 free throws, but you have to, like, basically starter's minutes. I think he started the second half and not the first if memory serves on that Wednesday game. Sixteen points is way more than he's gonna have most ball games. Ten rebounds is, I would guess, more than he has. But if you can get, like, 10 points, 8 boards, a steal, and a block out of him, that gets him around that top 100 range. And for a guy that you're probably picking up off the wire, with upside beyond that, if they start to trust him day in and day out without many minute fluctuations, then that becomes a a pretty damn good reason to to take a shot on it. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. And the final dude on the ads board is Cantavius Caldwell Pope. He was drafted in a lot of spots, but we'll call him an ad, because there were leagues where he wasn't. And this is a little bit of a gray area between our ads table and our holds table on today's show. Some of the holds are guys that maybe should have been added. Again, you know, we're doing this for 12 team intermediate leagues. If you're in an expert league, the holds guys are almost definitely on your team. If you're in an expert league, some of these ads were probably on teams coming out of the draft. If you're in more of a novice league, the holds guys probably are on the waiver wire. Make the adjustment to your league. I'm doing the best I can is what I'm saying here. But KCP is the last ad, threes, steals, and probably a safer floor than last year because there's no Herb Jones in Denver right now. The thing about KCP I want you guys to also remember that we talked about at great length last season was that he's actually better when Jamal Murray and Nikola Jokic are both healthy because he gets open off of their action. When key guys went down for Denver, it actually made KCP's numbers go down too because he just wasn't as open anymore. He was less likely to take shots because he doesn't shoot unless he's wide open. And if he's not wide open, that means he's not gonna shoot. Let's get to the holds board next, and we'll try to keep the pace up here. I think the ads are the most important, so we did spend a little more time on those guys. Sadiq Bey, I put in the holds board. I don't know. He could've been an ad. Either way, he had a really good first game. I don't even know why he's on this list because he played pretty well. And, I mean, put him in the ads if he's in a league where he's a free agent for you. Onyeko Okangwu had a bad first ball game, and I'm I'm inclined to remind everybody that Okangwu is a 100 to 125 range guy when Capella's healthy. That's the way it was last year. He played about 20 minutes a game when Capella was healthy last year. That's basically what he got in Atlanta's season opener. Had some foul issues, so maybe if he's playing better, you see that push up towards 22 or 23. But the big stuff for Okongo didn't happen until Capella started missing ball games, and that, even last year, didn't happen until a few weeks into the season after the wear and tear started to kick in. So hang with it. If you're in a league where he gets dropped because someone's like, this dude's only playing 19 and a half minutes, Scoop him up, because you know good stuff is around the corner. Daniel Gafford, also a hole. Wizards got blown out, or he would have probably seen a little bit more playing time. I expect him to be between 25 and 29 minutes a game. Maybe you get into the thirties on really good nights. Actually, thought Gafford looked pretty damn spry at the beginning of Washington's game. But, also, like, the other guys in the club are not gonna be looking to involve him regularly. So just kinda know what you're getting into there, but he'll be much better than he was in game 1. I put Buddy Heald in the holds department. He was a guy I did not draft anywhere knowing he was coming off the bench, knowing he and the Pacers could not come to an extension on a contract, and so he's technically on the trade block. And that was just too much unknown for me on heel to draft him thinking, well, like, do they care enough to play this guy? He'll have okay numbers. I think he'll be top 100, top 90 ish, while he's coming off the bench. It's not gonna be the top 50, 60 range stuff you got as a starter last year, but he is definitely a hold. So stick with it there. Mitchell Robinson is a hold. Tom Thibodeau just liked what Isaiah Hartenstein was doing in game 1. Most days, I think you'll see more Mitch Rob than Hart. But this is something to keep an eye on, and you'll notice later in the show we'll talk about Hartenstein as a watch list guy. Slow mo. Kyle Anderson is the next name on the holds board. I don't know that he needed to be put on here, because he played 30 minutes off the bench. 30 minutes is more than enough. He was also a plus 15 for the Timberwolves in a game they lost by 3. You need a reason to keep playing him. That's the reason why. Slow mo is not gonna score a bunch, but he got 9 boards, 5 assists, and a steal, and that's the stuff you're looking for with him, and he did it. So don't panic on slow mo. He did exactly what we were looking for. Hang on tight. Four more holds. Mike Conley, I put on the holds board. I I got again, I don't know that he needed to be there because he played 31 minutes as a starting point guard. His team could not throw a stone in the damn ocean. If they could, he probably would have had 5, 6, 7 assists instead of 3. That's gonna be his role is to get the ball to a guy who's gonna shoot it, and hopefully it goes in. But Anthony Edwards didn't make anything, and Cat didn't make anything in their season opener in Toronto. And I can basically bet everything I own that a day where Ant and Cat shoot the ball well, it's gonna be a day where Conley has 6 plus assists. Duh. Ben Simmons is a hold. I know he didn't play that many minutes in their first ballgame at 23. I think that slowly ramps up as he gets his sea legs underneath him. Four points, 10 boards, 9 assists in a block, though. I don't think anybody's dropping him after a pretty good first ball game, so stick with it there. Kobe White is a hold for me. Although, I will admit, I don't fully trust his numbers in 9 cat because he's never been a steals or blocks guy, and he's been a poor field goal percent guy. So can he do enough in scoring assists and free throw percent positives to make up for the negatives? I think the jury's out on that after game 1, but I do think that it's worth giving a little bit more time. Andrew Wiggins as a hold, No one's dropping Andrew Wiggins because they probably drafted him in the nineties. I didn't draft him. I've talked to the you guys about this before. I don't like drafting wings that stink at free throw shooting. It hurts the categories that I'm typically trying to attack, so I have him nowhere. But if I'm going to put myself in your shoes, if you have Andrew Wiggins, you hang on because, you know, he's he's got top 60 upside, which I don't think he gets to this year. But he's typically a top 90, top 100 floor guy, and so he'll be much better in game 2. Or if he's not, game 3 and so on and so forth. Let's get into the category I've described as I'm scared or nervous here or droppable players. And I I the reason I titled it this way, as I once again remind everybody to please take a second to click the like button, subscribe, whether it's YouTube, pod side, whatever it is that you can do. Maybe you could drop a 5 star review. That'd be super swell. And also find me on Twitter at Dan Bespirus. At Danbespres, I need to see you all over there. It's very important so I could communicate things to you throughout the day. But the reason I called this category, I'm scared or nervous here or drops, is that I didn't want people to see this list and think Dan's telling me to drop all these guys immediately, because I'm not. I'm not, because each one of these names has sort of a different scenario at play, and your team is going to play a role in whether these guys need to be dropped or not. So let's start going through them, and I'll give a little bit more context. First name on the list is Paul Reed, who played exclusively backup center minutes behind Joel Embiid yesterday. And that meant only 11 and a half minutes, which as good as his fantasy stat set is, 11 and a half minutes ain't gonna be enough. If you need that roster slot, you can drop him. If you're in a roto league where the roster slots are not as critical, and let's say you were able to drop other guys to pick up some of our ads that we talked about earlier on this show, like a Jalen Johnson or a Talon Wright or Max Drusse or whatever, then give him another game or 2 because he's not gonna kill you in that format. But if holding on to Paul Reed is gonna cost you a win in a head to head week, then I get it. Same story for Christian Wood, who actually looked much better in game 2 for the lakers and got 20 plus minutes, which unfortunately isn't really gonna be enough for him. We've seen it over the years. He needs basically starters minutes to get inside the top 100 because of free throw issues more than anything else. And I just don't think he's gonna get there with the lakers. They have too many options, too much mix and match you can do on that team with guys like Jared Vanderbilt when he gets back, Rui Hachimura if you want more scoring. Anthony Davis at the 5 is generally the best thing for them. It's nice to have the length of Christian Wood and the ability to space the floor, but he does have his issues, you know, sliding to guard smaller players. So that's when you'd see Anthony Davis back in there. So I I just think that matchups are gonna be so critical with the Christian Wood stuff. And because of that, you can't get cute and try to guess which day is gonna be a good one. And head to head side, it's probably not gonna be good enough every day for you to just compile stats. And the side, if you're not guessing what's the point, probably can move on. Obi Toppin played 19 minutes in a blowout win. I'd like to see what he does in game 2. I don't wanna drop him yet. But if it looks the same in the 2nd ballgame, I might. Josh Hart, I'd like to try to give him a whole week. That would be my inclination here because the Knicks loved what he brought late last season, but 22, 23 minutes ain't enough. He's a, he's boring to call him that. But I I say that, of course, lovingly for the Dan Vesper's old man squad is all quite boring. Josh Hart is a boring because he doesn't score that much, but he rebounds like a maniac, like an m f'er. He can pass. He'll knock down some threes. He gets steals. Does it on okay percentages. Like, all that stuff is the stuff that my teams tend to target, but guys like that need to be on the court. It's not a quick rack them up fantasy stat set kinda guy. He doesn't get 3 steals in 15 minutes. He needs to be out there for 30 to get his one and change steals. He needs to be out there for 30 minutes to get his 6 plus rebounds from a guard spot. All that stuff requires playing time, which for Josh Hart wasn't there in game 1. But I wanna watch game 2 and game 3, see if that shifts in any meaningful way or if it really is just gonna be a share fest between Hart and Quentin Grimes and Dante DiVincenzo and sometimes Manuel Quickley and all these guys now that the Knicks got a little bit deeper. Gary Trent, I was not super high on this year. You know, the fact that the Raptors don't seem all that interested in bringing him back, like, they haven't done anything contractually. We saw last year, once Pirtle arrived, Trent's job got squeezed. Pertle's still there. Dennis Schroeder is the starter. They've run, more precious Chua stuff. But at the same time, Trent is a shooter. Shooter's gonna shoot. So if he's out there for 25, 26 minutes, which is basically what we saw in game 1, he's not dead in the water. So he's another guy like Josh Hart I'd like to try to give a week to. I put Kyle Lowry on this list because I think it's absolutely hilarious. I had to talk about Kyle Lowry. He played, what did we say, 32 minutes, and he did nothing. He got himself a Tony Snell award. Yes. You can obviously drop Kyle Lowry. He is aged, and the heat need a point guard so badly if they wanna compete this year. Taylor Norton Tucker is the next name on this board, on the I'm scared list. He's actually the last name on the I'm scared list, then we'll move on to the next category. You can give him one more. You made it all the way to today, and Utah plays today. So let's just see how it goes. He was very much a last round flash kinda draft pick. Could he carry over the preseason stuff? I didn't think so, but I took him in a couple spots. I still don't think so. And if he continues to don't think so for another day or 2, then, I think we can punt at that point. Here's the watch list. These are guys that I think you can probably get away with staring at a little bit longer with one very obvious exception that I'm sure I'm gonna get yelled at in the YouTube chat room about. We'll get there in a minute. The watch list is Joshua Kogee, who it does feel like is doing more because the Suns are missing a bunch of guys. Gordon Hayward, could get himself onto the ads board if he looks good the next game. You know? He was okay in game 1, but I don't think he was an immediate add. Andrew Nembhard is on my watch list. I don't think he's gonna have enough to do when the game is not a blowout. Al Horford, because how could I not have him on my watch list? And 26 minutes is not that far off from where he could get to to have fantasy value, so don't write him off completely. Isaiah Hartenstein, played more minutes than Mitchell Robinson in game 1. If that somehow continues, Hartenstein can roll fantasy value in about 23, 24 minutes of ballgame historically. And we did hear that last year he was playing with foot stuff, basically, the whole year. If he's somehow healthy now and, like, legitimately healthy, he he could end up taking over a little bit. Cole Anthony's on my watch list. I think that's one of the ones you guys are gonna yell at me about. But, like, we've seen this thing a lot with Cole where he alternates good and bad ball games with Jalen Suggs. His good games are fantasy decent, but he doesn't do much in the threes, steals, or blocks department. He's usually kinda hurt you in field goal. Just I can't get over the hump with him in 9 cat. Points leagues, he should be rostered. That's a sort of a different discussion. Kevin Love is on my watch list. I did not see him playing high twenties in minutes in game 1. I will be floored if he does it again, but we can't just write him off, so that's why he's on the watch board. Grant Williams, 35 minutes. If that's a thing that sticks, you kinda have to do something with it because he is also, a boring. He is one boring. But if he plays giant minutes on a team with Luca and Kyrie, he's gonna have 4 to 5 wide open looks from the corner every ballgame. And, historically, he's gonna make close to 50% of those damn shots. So 2 plus threes a game, 10 plus scoring, 4 to 6 rebounds a night. He usually gets a steal or a block on good percentages, and that's the key there, the good percentages. And he's inside the top 100. I don't know what to tell you guys. I know it's not exciting, but he's on the watch list in case he does it again. Malcolm Brogdon also on the watch list. He had a really good first ballgame for Portland. And, frankly, if he actually gets a consistent 24 plus minutes, then he probably belongs on rosters. And finally, one that I'm fully aware I struggle with more than most is Russell Westbrook. I even had someone in the comments on yesterday's show say, Dan, your Lakers bias is keeping you from getting more viewers and how you talk about Russell Westbrook. I highly doubt that's the reason that people are tuning out my show is that I come on air and I say, I just can't do it. I was quite clear on yesterday's podcast that Russ might be better than I think he is. I said basically those words yesterday, so no one can accuse me of, like, not being forthright. But I watched him for the last couple of years, and anytime he's asked to do more than the bare minimum, he turns into a fantasy disaster. Turnovers, free throw, field goal. Can any of those things be held in check? If they can, he belongs on rosters. If they can't, he doesn't. He's widely rostered, so watch list is probably not the right bucket for him. But, I mean, we're all gonna find out soon. I'm just not willing to take that shot. I'm not willing to be the one to take the shot, because if it doesn't work, he could absolutely obliterate your fantasy team. Let's go to the last page of this discussion. It's got an injury replacement. That's Dayron Sharp, because Nick Claxton was spotted in a walking boot this morning, so he's probably out for a couple of ball games. And maybe you can get something out of Sharp in Brooklyn. By lows, Deandre Ayton, who was in awful foul trouble and still managed to salvage a double digit rebound for defensive stat game. I don't know where the hell that came from. Dejounte Murray is a by low. If people are freaking out about game 1, he's a top 40 per game fantasy guy who's been generally healthy, so he'll be much better than he was. Walker Kessler is a by low. His minutes were low in the first ballgame. That won't be the case every single night. Utah doesn't have that many choices at center unless they wanna run real small, but they're, I think, ultimately gonna want a little bit of rim protection, and Kessler's the guy that can bring that. So if you can acquire these guys for someone drafted, say, 2 rounds later because you wanna try to make incremental gains in the trades you make. Don't throw out, like, Jalen Johnson for Deandre Ayton because you're gonna get laughed at, and then no one's gonna read your trade offers again. Look at someone so, like, let's assume Deandre Ayton was drafted near 50, 4550 this year. Same story for Walker Kessler, actually. DeJontay Murray about a round earlier than that. Look at someone drafted, like, around 70 that had a really, really good first game, but you don't quite feel like that's something that's gonna stick. That's the type of move you should be looking at where you won't get laughed out of the room. Someone might legitimately say, you know what? I actually feel like I got these players backwards. And if you don't, that's how you can squeeze out a round or 2 of value in a trade. And you just do that constantly throughout the year, and you can turn 7th, 8th rounders overperforming into 3rd rounders over time. That's, that's a pretty big deal. My sell high oh, you know what? There were 2 of these, I think. Maybe there was one more page. My sell highs were Harrison Barnes and Evita Zubatz. YouTubers can see my mouse clicking through these windows. I didn't realize that. Harrison Barnes, like, we know he's not gonna average 33 points a game, and you're probably not gonna be able to get much for him. But if you can get somebody that you believe is going to reliably be inside the top 100, that's your target. Same story for Ivica Zubac. He started last year blocking 4 shots a game for a week. And then over time, it came down and down and down and down and down because he is who he is, and people don't just magically change their fantasy stats at when they've been in the league for already half a decade. Zubatz is a double double guy with 1 and a little bit of change in blocks, but not what you saw in game 1. Russell Westbrook probably does make him a little bit better though, having a a point guard that can get it to a big man. So maybe there's a little bit of upside there. But certainly after game 1, if you can throw Zubatz out there for somebody who's, like, a 75 range dude, drafted near 75, I should say, not someone who's at 75 after 3 days of basketball, I think that's probably the move you make. And that is our week in review portion of the proceedings. But, friends, we are far from done, for it is now time to talk about the weekend upcoming. Those of you that had been with us for a long time and I'll remind you everybody once again to please like, rate, subscribe, and find me on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. Those of you that have been with us for a long time know that this is when you can throw questions in the chat room, and this is when we look at everybody playing their next game over the weekend and what we're looking for in those ball games. So this is the how do we stay a quarter step ahead of everybody else in the fantasy space. Does that make any sense? I'll try to I'll try to make a I'll try to make that a little bit more clear. Right now in particular, more so than even later in the year, and I'll throw the, I'll throw the board up on the screen of the upcoming games tonight, the games planned on Friday night. That's where we'll start. Over the course of the year, if you're in a 1st come, 1st serve Fantasy League, you wanna be the team that's getting news faster than everybody else. What I mean by that is if you go into a game with a plan in mind, and that's thing that you're looking for happens partway through the game, you can make your move. You don't have to wait till the whole ball game's done even to make your move. So this keeps you 30, 40 minutes ahead of other teams in your fantasy league, and this is how we're going to really make an impact. So let's look at every team and their next game played, and these are the things we're gonna be looking for in those ball games. We'll start at the top, and I did do sort of a truncated version of this over on social media as well. Let's go through it piece by piece. We'll start with the Denver Nuggets. KCP is kind of the one thing I'm looking for on that team right now. He had a really good first ball game, but what's the midpoint for him? Where do the averages settle? Xavier Tillman on the grizzly side is probably the only thing I'm really staring down. It would have been Luke Kennard, but he took a shot to the head, and he's out with, in concussion protocol right now. So Jess Tillman for today. For the Pistons, I'd like to see if Isaiah Stewart can repeat it, because I just told everybody to pick him up, and, I'd feel, boy, wouldn't I be red in the face if it turned out that, he couldn't do it consistently. The Hornets, that's the next one on the board there. Sorry, guys. I had to pivot around. Gordon Hayward watch list. So let's see what he does in game 2. Also, kinda keeping an eye out for anything related to Miles Bridges. I know he's he's still serving some time off, but he had all that extra stuff break right before the season started. I haven't heard anything about that impacting his season start date, but, well, let's let's just keep that at the back of our minds because anything we do with the Hornets right now has to be with the knowledge or with the assumption, at least for the moment, that Bridges is gonna be back here in the not too distant future. And so someone like a Gordon Hayward or a Brandon Miller or who or even a PJ Washington, these guys are all gonna get pushed a little bit. For the Knicks, we talked about Josh Hart being someone that I'm a little worried about being a drop, Quentin Grimes and Dante Divincenzo being kind of the the fallout of that situation. Mitchell Robinson and Isaiah Hartenstein, minute split is the other one, but we did just talk about that as well. Jalen Johnson on the hawks, Kenny, I don't expect him to put up a a line like he did in the last ballgame, but anything would be, super swell. So that way, we can kinda really lock in what we already know to be true, which is that he has terrific upside. I kinda wanna know a little bit more about what Sadik Bey is gonna be this year because he's not gonna get 5 steals a ball game. The assumption was that he was going to knock down a bunch of threes, and that actually wasn't a giant part of, his season opener. So is he a guy who's gonna get 30 minutes? Is it gonna be 27, 28? How many shots should we be looking for out of bay? These are things that we can, pull into our data bank after 2, 3, 4 games going into the season. And then we can keep an eye on the Clint Capela, Onyeko, Kang Wu splits, but I don't think that anything's really gonna change there. So do we have to? For the heat, Kevin Love, we already talked about that. Celtics, nothing. I don't have a single question about the Boston Celtics. How about them apples? Do you? I don't. Thunder. I I would love to see a big Chet Holmgren game. I know he'd he's settling in as this game by game evolution thing for him. Not much else with OKC. Cavs were all watching Max Drew's follow-up. I wanna throw Carys LeVert probably should have been on the watch list on our board earlier in this show. He finished last year pretty strong. So is this something that we can expect to continue? Because he really settled into a more comfortable role as the year went on. Nine cats always gonna be an issue for LaVert, but is he going to have that big job off the bench? Are the Cavs gonna play a little faster this year, get more shots up after being more of a slowdown team last season? For the Rockets, pretty much everything because we got no information from get they got their butts waxed in game 1. That's interesting. A butt waxing. I didn't think the show was gonna turn that direction today. So, just watch all the stuff with the Rockets. You know, what does Freddie VanVleet look like in that offense? What does Dillon Brooks look like in that offense? Jabari Smith junior, Jalen Green, Alperin Shangoon, any of the young guys coming off the bench? What is this team gonna be really? And today, we should get a better idea because they're playing the Spurs. If that's a blowout loss, then the Rockets really have some trouble. Spurs can anybody on this damn team not be a percentages killer is my thought. Like, Sohan, percentages killer. Kelvin's been one of those. If Trae Jones would get 30 minutes, I'd be a lot more confident in his stuff. And I know everybody's just watching blame you. That should be fun. One of these games, he's gonna just go nuts. And against the Rockets might be the right time to do it because, Albert Shengo ain't exactly known for his defense. For the Raptors, is Dennis Schroder just a superstar now? I cannot believe that to be true. He's not a 3 point shooter, but he had 4 of them in the first game. We know he's not a big steals guy, so I wouldn't expect that to be a thing that pops up. But, like, is he really gonna be trying to score 20 points a ball game? If so, I dramatically undervalued Dennis Schroder, but I do think he comes back to Earth. But I have to admit, that first ball game has given me a little bit of pause. And then Gary Trent junior, who we just talked about, a minute ago, I put didn't put Schroder on into my list in that first one. I probably should have put him on at least the watch list. Maybe a speculative ad list? I don't know. Sorry, Dennis. I should have put you on something. The bulls apparently had a player's only meeting after their season opening blowout loss at the hands of the Thunder. That's not a good sign, but let's see if it changes anything. And then Kobe White is the other, player who we just talked about as a watch list guy there. The Brooklyn Nets, no Nick Claxton. We just talked about De'Ron Sharp as a possible injury replacement. Ben Simmons game 2. Do his minutes slowly creep up? Cam Johnson is on a minutes cap. So let's see what his minutes look like here in this one. Also, apparently, dealing with a calf contusion, I think I just read. Cam Johnson could actually potentially be a buy low if people are not aware of the minutes restriction. Derek Lively on the Mavs, you're watching. Grant Williams, we just talked about both of those 2 guys in the first segment of today's show, so I don't think we need to go over them again. Clippers, Russell Westbrook, efficiency stuff, is kinda the only well, you you could put Rob Covington in there because he did start their 1st ballgame. That was something. Not I wouldn't call it intriguing, but it wasn't it wasn't not intriguing. Woo hoo hoo. Utah, any shift from game 1? Because game 1, you saw Lauri Markkanen do okay. You saw John Collins with a pretty good ballgame. And, I mean, it's hard to argue that anybody else was all that great for Utah on Wednesday. Who am I missing? Because THT wasn't very good. I know they got blown out, so that didn't help. Clarkson, I guess, was okay, but his efficiency was better than usual. And, oh, Walker Kessler. Sorry. Forgot about Walker Kessler. I got this, guys. Don't worry. Trying to do a lot of things on today's show. At some point, I'm gonna miss a name. The Magic, nothing beyond just like the Cole Anthony, Jalen Suggs stuff. Blazers, Deandre Ayton bounced back. Malcolm Brogdon is probably the guy you're really watching close to see if he can sort of jump inside the cut line. For the warriors, no Draymond still. I think they're hoping to have him back by their next ballgame, which I believe is Sunday. Then we'll get a better idea of what Chris Paul's role is gonna be when Draymond's around. That's the thing that I am very interested in. Andrew Wiggins, we already talked about. And then the Kings, pretty much nothing. You know? I know Harrison Barnes had a big game and Keegan Murray likely to take some kind of step forward this year. But, you know, beyond that, there really isn't a whole lot that, that I think we need to parse for Sacramento. Let's now let's see here. Can we move along to Saturday's board and see if there's any teams that we didn't quite cover yet? Let's see. The Knicks, we've talked about, the Pelicans. Herb Jones is sort of a watch guy. I think, again, more of a steals dude, but probably can get himself into that 100 range discussion. Not much there beyond that. Oh, Ioannis Valencunas, I do wanna know what his role is going forward. Played more minutes than I expected in the season opener. Pistons, we talked about. Bulls, we talked about. Grizzlies. Wizards play on Saturday. Gafford is a guy you're watching there. Not a whole lot else. I'm not a big Dani Avia guy from a fantasy standpoint. Indy, playing on Saturday, but not tonight. Obi Toppin is the guy you're keeping tabs on there. A little bit of buddy yield watch list kinda stuff. Cleveland, we talked about or did we? Yeah. We talked about Cleveland. Philly, they go Saturday. We just talked about them finishing up yesterday. So Kelly Oubre is kind of the the guy you're paying attention to there. Toronto, we just talked about Dennis Schroder, Jakob Poeltl, Gary Trent junior. Miami, I mean, they're gonna need somebody to help. Someone's gotta step up. Because right a 3 horse race for or 3 horse team for Miami is just not gonna get it done. Minnesota, nothing really. You know, nothing huge there. I think we know who belongs on rosters. And then, Phoenix plays on Saturday. You're watching to see if anybody comes back. It sounds like Booker is gonna miss a couple of ball games. Maybe Beal comes back. I don't know. We're not gonna get a good data point on that team until they're all 3 healthy together. And then Sunday, I don't know that anybody plays Sunday that doesn't go Friday or Saturday. Milwaukee? I guess it's Milwaukee. But I don't have any questions about them either. I don't think that anybody on that team's gonna have fantasy value beyond the sort of core 4. And if somebody does, it would be Bobby Portis, but I'm I don't Well, whatever. You can I mean, we can pay attention to Portis if you want in Milwaukee, if you think someone like Beasley is worth paying attention to? I don't. Oh, the Lakers don't go Friday, Saturday. They're also, on that list of teams, and we're there's not a whole lot left to to look at there beyond the Christian Wood stuff we talked about earlier. Alright. We got through the core stuff of the show in 49 minutes just like yesterday, so we're doing 11 minutes of chat room. We'll see if I can get through all of the questions lightning round style after I take a sip of water. Here we go. Rock says, would offering either Jalen Williams or Terry Rozier for be too insulting? No. I actually think there's a chance that Jalen Williams is better than this year. Terry Rozier would be someone you'd probably wanna pair up with another, like, 80 range guy who did well. Maybe you can get a 2 for 1 going there. Delonte says, Denny or Delon tomorrow? Points league. Oh, that's a different beast. You probably go Avdi on a points league because his issues are points league nonissues. Amir says, how do you recommend managing my games cap in Roto? I would say, right now, play the guys that you are very comfortable calling top 90 or better. If you're not sure, keep them on your bench. 1st one to 2 weeks of the season. You'll fall 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 games behind, but you also won't blow any games on a bad one. Paul Newell likes the opening music. I do too, Paulie. Wayne says, hey, Dan. Should I start Jalen Johnson or Wendell Carter junior tonight? I probably go Wendell Carter. I know Jalen's got the better upside, but I kinda need to see him do it a few times in a row to really believe that this is the thing that's gonna stick nightly. But I still think he belongs on rosters because of that sort of infinite potential. Pauley says just on potential alone, who are the best of these pickups? Derek Lively, Delon Wright, Xavier Tillman, Max Struce. I like them all. Struce probably is my favorite of the 4. Then I'd go Delon, Lively, and, Tillman at the bottom. I think I just think Xavier Tillman tapers off when they're not playing gigantic opponents. And for Memphis, they're playing gigantic opponents to start the year. Now I might be wrong about those last 2. You might flip Tillman and Lively and just take the safer play. But I think at some point here, Memphis is gonna play a team that's more of a floor stretchy 3 point shooting club. And at that point, Tillman, you're gonna see them run smaller. Santi Aldama presumably will be healthier. They can run jjj at the 5 in those games. And right now, they just don't wanna use those guys, the 5, or they're hurt. So that's the way I lean the way I do. But, again, you could you could flip flop those last ones, and I I wouldn't feel too bad about it. Is Gordon Hayward a solid ad for a 9 cat league? Not yet. Not yet. I need to see this a few more times. Should I drop this is Wayne. Should I drop Kobe White or Dennis Schroder for Delaun Wright? Need assists and steals help. Well, Kobe's not gonna get you well, actually, neither of those guys is gonna get you many steals. Schroder's probably gonna get you more assists than either Delon or Kobe White. But, Delon is in a category all by himself on steals here. So I would probably go Schroder and Delon based on the categories you need. If you tipped needing more 3 pointers or scoring, then you'd relinquish Delon Wright and go back to Kobe White. Right? Versus White. Mason says, if Jaden McDaniels is my worst player, should I drop him for a streaming spot? Probably. Not that I don't like Jaden McDaniels, but I feel like in head to head, you almost always want a streaming spot. And it feels like either your team is unbelievably loaded or this is a league where, you know, if that's the worst player, then guys like him are probably gonna be on the waiver wired. So your streaming slot doesn't end up being that much of a value switch. Jonathan says, should I drop Sohan Quickley or Jalen Johnson for Delon Wright? I'm punting points and threes. It's probably quickly then based on what you're punting. But for non punting, Sohan is my drop. I just don't believe that his percentages are getting any better this year. Adrian says, thoughts of having older players on your roster? I don't mind. You guys know me. The but we need to be able to separate the idea of old and durable. Some of these old guys play every damn game. Like, Vooch is an older dude who plays every day. Demar is an older dude who's been extremely resilient, And then there's older guys who don't. So I don't think we can all just lump them in together. You want if you have a bunch of old guys that are hurt, and I some of these guys aren't even 34 plus, but, just hurt guys and old guys. I think we need to try to separate the buckets. The obviously, in a Venn diagram, there's plenty of overlap in the middle between hurt and old, but it's not, you know, 2 concentric circles, basically. Jonathan says Horford got dropped in my league. Should I drop Looney quickly, Jaylen Johnson, or Sohan for him? None of them. Looney Horford. What difference does it make? Tony says, does Nembhard gain any real value at some point this season? Not unless Diaries Halliburton gets hurt. Ben Smith. Azer was dropped for some reason in my league. I'm putting in a claim and dropping Struce. Not sure I'll land him as I've got 8 priority, but I'm a sucker for upside. I don't think I would drop Struce, actually. I I I think I'd actually like him more than Assur at least between now February. And that's 2 thirds of the season. Jean says, how do you navigate potentially dropping a hold guy for an ad guy? What makes an ad guy a higher priority than a hold guy? Doesn't really. Sorry, Jean. I know my lists are sort of hard to interpret to some degree. Guys I put in the ad department were guys that I felt were not heavily drafted to start the year, and guys I put in the hold department were guys that I thought were generally drafted to start the year, but I like them both. And so then you're kinda making choices based on either upside or fit on your team. But all of those guys, in my eye, belong on rosters at roughly similar, priority. Should I drop Kevon Looney for Derek Lively? Yes. Should I trade sorry. That was baby stay flow. I wanna give name credit to these questions. Justin says, should I trade Siakam for Cade? Points league. Sure. Why not? They're probably gonna be close. Go go I don't know. Actually, the answer is I don't know. I don't know. I think they're gonna be close. Nick Claxton or Deandre Ayton? You know, there's a little bit of a what does your team need thing going on here. If you're going strict to 9 cat rankings, Claxton probably finishes this season higher. But if you prefer free throws and rebounds over defensive stats, then the Ayton makes more sense for your team. Hey, Dan from, Choo. Choo. I probably butchered that. Who do you prefer, Deshante Murray or Larry Markkanen? Log on Markkanen. Buy a nose. Baby again says, should I drop Looney for Lively or Jalen Johnson? K. I think I go jay Jalen over Lively over Looney. B s l t c I don't know. Is Colin Sexton a drop for Max Strouse? Yes. Zoe, is Jalen Johnson now a start in games cap roto or wait and see? I'm gonna wait and see a little bit. Jason said, Paul George and Reeves or Poole and Vassell? Give me the Paul George side. Marco says, thoughts on Markelle Fultz. I think he's, like, a top 85 range guy this year. I know some folks are higher than that. I just think that his lack of threes and the fact that his free throw percent is not that helpful is gonna cover up some of the stuff he does well, which is steals, and he boards pretty well. And his field goal percent is okay because he doesn't shoot threes for a guard. So he's sort of like a a little bit of an off kilter stats guard other than the steals, but I do think that that caps him a little bit. Because I also don't think he's gonna score all that much. So I like him. You know, 80 to a 100 range kinda guy. Definitely belongs on fantasy teams, but, you know, not a not a superstar. Nicholas says, I'm getting worried about Onyeko Kangwu. Would a roto specialist like you drop him already for Jalen Duran and an 8 teamer? Yeah. I'd rather have Duran than Okonwu and an 8 teamer. Both of those guys should be on rosters in a 12 teamer, though. Conke says, Pirtle or Tillman tonight? So here's the dilemma there, and a DFS er would have a better feeling on it. Tillman is gonna play because Jokic is on the other side, but is he just gonna get dominated? So I think I'd probably go Pearl. Even though I think Tillman gets playing time, I just think he's gonna get smashed. Bodoin says, I'm in a super shallow league, 8 teams. Any particular free agent tips in that situation? Should I drop guys sooner, or should I be cautious? You can flip guys all over the place because in an 8 teamer, the whole waiver wire is gonna be filled with great basketball players. So the real thing is in an 8 teamer, number 1, make your benches deeper and start more than 10 guys. So it plays more like a 10 or a 12 teamer. Number 2, if you don't do that, package guys to try to get 1st and second round values. That's the only way to operate. So take your 4th rounder and your 5th rounder and put them together and try to get a 2nd rounder. Take your 3rd rounder and your 4th rounder together, put them together, try to get a 1st rounder. Because the waiver wire is gonna be so thick with options all year long that your job is to amass 1st and second round talent. That's the way you beat other people. Because, otherwise, everybody's just really, really good. Running out of time here. I'm doing my best. Chris says, should I trade my Darius Garland for Desmond Bane and a 10 teamer? Yes. I like Bane more unless you need the extra assists, but overall, I like Bane more than Garland. Dynasty, should I drop Pokhasevski for Okogi or Goodwin? If you're in win now mode, you probably want Okogi. But Dynasty, you might as well just stick with Poku if you've been there this long and hope that maybe he gets moved or something. But I don't know that any of those guys is gonna be a big needle mover in Dynasty this year. It's just that Okogi at least is doing something right now. Baby says, should I drop loony oh, it says same question again. I'm sorry, guys. David, love you, Dan, but you need to talk about roto more. All I do is talk about roto. Almost everything I talk about is 9 cat Roto. I'm the only analyst talking about Roto. David, who talks about Roto more than me? I've spent the last 5 years getting yelled at for not talking about head to head enough. Oh, man. I'm hurting right now. Question for Roto. Who to bench today? Keegan Murray, Klay Thompson, Xavier Tillman, or Ben Simmons? I think it's, probably Simmons. Nils says, how afraid are you of Porzingis being injured? I mean, generally kind of afraid because he always gets hurt at some point. I think he goes for 65 games, though, this year, which would where he's getting drafted in the forties, absolutely obliterate his ADP. He'll be of value. Rawlings says 9 cat head to head. Who between Herb Jones and Isaiah Stewart are you hanging on to? Oh, Stewart. I'm gonna regret that. Herb Jones is safer. Stewart's where you're like, oh, maybe he'd get into the top 80 range if things break right. Herb probably can't get quite that high. That's not accurate. Damn. That's a tough one. Screw it. I'll go Herb Jones. No. Give me the unknown. Give me the mystery box. We'll go as a Isaiah Stewart, but I don't know that this is gonna make a huge difference for your team. Jason says, should I drop a kangaroo for Jabari Smith junior? No. Lester says, who do you prefer in Roto, Melton or Bruce Brown? Give me Melton, but not by much. I like Bruce Brown too. Jose says, should I trade my Booker for Ingram and Fox? It's pretty fair, actually. That's fair trade. So the should question is it's gonna depend on who you have to drop. Nils asks, Porzingis plus Brook Lopez No. Porzingis for Brook Lopez and Jeremy Grant. No. It's Porzingis side. That one's not close. Nicola says, should I drop Okangwu for Jabari Smith? Wait. Wasn't that one up above? Are you guys using burner accounts? No. Keep Okangwu. Bodoin says you didn't butcher my name that bad. Hey. Good for me. How do can you give me a pronunciation guide? I'm a play by play broadcaster, so that's actually big for me. Bodoin? I'm not gonna try the last name. Kirkweek? Jason, Bain for Cade. Give me Bain. Chris says, Dan, love you. Appreciate you doing this, brother. That's why I keep listening. Oh, thanks, man. That's nice. And AK says, here's my roster. Would you pick up Derek Lively? Let me see if I can spot the lowest ranked the the third name on your roster, AK, just says annoy. Who's annoy? Which player annoys you, AK? That's, that's actually really hilarious. There's too many Johnsons, so I don't know which one you're talking about there. Robert Williams the third, Terry Rozier, Derrick White, topic and Gobert? I'm sorry, dude. You got all kinds of words in here that aren't actually players. You're you're killing me. Oh, man. I like Derek Lively, probably not. Oh oh, Keldon Johnson. Okay. Yeah. I think I'd rather have Derek Lively than Keldon Johnson, but understand that they might both be outside. And you might see games from Keldon where he goes for, like, 25 points and 9 rebounds, and you feel bad about it. But then look over and see that he shot, like, 3 for 19 and went 4 for 7 at the free throw line, and then you'll feel better. Last question because we're over an hour. Who would you drop for a streaming spot? Bo asks. Sadik Bey, Kobe White, or Jalen Johnson. Probably White. I just think that even in a great scenario, his upside is capped. The only way that this one would come back to bite us is if the bulls early in the season trade, DeMar or LaVine, because then Kobe gets enough usage where he can blast past these other guys. So if that's something you're worried about, then you drop Saddiq Bey because his upside is, like, kinda 80, 90, 95 range kinda thing. He's probably not getting beyond that. But, White, it would be outside, I believe, outside the top 100 when that team's fully healthy right now. So that's kind of the calculus you're sitting on there. And I'll slip in one super fast one. Matt says, Okonwu or Jalen t. Who's Jalen t? Who am I forgetting here? I'm assuming it's Jalen Johnson, not Jalen Williams, not Jalen Smith. It's a lot of Jalen's. If that's Jalen Johnson or Okongu, I probably go Okongu. And that is where we'll pull the plug on the q and a part. This is the week in review and the weekend in advance here on Fantasy NBA Today. I am beyond thrilled at how many people are hanging out with us, these shows. The live count is through the roof. Last year, I don't think we could get past 50 or 60 mote days, and we're double that. So this is awesome. I hope we can keep this going or maybe even grow it as the season goes along. And the way we do that is with your help. So please like, rate, subscribe, however you're taking in the show. Hang out with us whenever we hang out. Probably won't have a show over the weekend, now that we're into the regular season because Monday, we'll probably have a couple of shows. We'll have the, reverse chronological lightning round episode where we go through, the weekend in review, see if any of the stuff we were watching for actually took shape. And then we'll also have the weekly preview with Derek Ball, again. So probably 2 shows on Monday, meaning Dano gets to rest the old voice over the weekend. Have a great one, everybody. I'm Pooped. See you soon.