Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. You know, it occurs to me that some kinda expert I should probably have set my lineups before I did this show, but I'm counting on the fact that I got a little bit of time after. Better not run too long, I suppose. Hey. What's everybody? What's up, everybody? He should say, if Dan could remember how to talk. It's week 3 of the weekly lineup show, the week ahead preview. I am joined as always by d ball b ball. Derek, good day to you, sir. I hope that it's okay that I introduce you as just d ball b ball at this point. Oh, absolutely. Give the people what they want. If that if that's how they wanna know me, then that's what I'll answer to. So does that mean that your first name is just Dee, or is it Dee Ball? Or is it Dee Ball b? Well, you know, I I I gotta I gotta throw it out there. My sister is actually who we call Dee. So if you if you yell out Dee, I'm probably not gonna respond due to a life of just knowing that someone else. But, hey. If, if we're we're gonna do that, then let's, let's roll with it. Yeah. I'm gonna call me d ball d ball. Just don't call me late for dinner. I'm gonna call I'm gonna say that your first name is d ball b, and your last name is Ball. So that would then make you part of the big baller brand. Feeling feeling pretty good about yourself with that little As long as I can collect some royalties off of that, I I think that's a deal. Yeah. Pretty good revelation here to start the show. Welcome in, everybody. I am Dan Vespers atdan Vesperus on social. He is at d ball b ball. And we're gonna be looking at week 3. And for those that are, new to the program, Derek is an expert at the week ahead. He writes the week ahead piece at sports ethos. That's in the fantasy pass, but he also has a nice little primer to get you going over on social media. And so that's actually where we're gonna start this week. Where well, maybe that'll be the second thing we do. I do wanna get it on the screen so people can start to look at that. You can go find them there. You can see it on the the page if you're watching with us on on YouTube. Chatroom, by the way, also open if you guys have any questions for Derek, towards the end of his appearance here on the show. First things first. What's the overarching theme of week 3? I feel like we're now we're into we're into streaming land now. I I don't feel like there's any real because, like, week 1, it was no. Week 2, it was kinda. Week 3, it feels like, go ahead. No? Yeah. I guess you could say that. One of the big things that's kinda pushing me in that direction right now is the fact that we're looking at a 6 day week because you got election day in states tomorrow. Something that I didn't know when I looked at the schedule, but, it was fairly obvious to me once I, did a little bit of research. So you're getting a little bit more of a condensed schedule that's going on right now. There are, several, game days where you actually see double digit, games being played. You've got 3, days that are, 10 games or more, and another one Friday, which is, 9 games. So really, I think you could call it, like, a get in where where you fit in kind of a screening opportunity here. Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday, basically, I'm expecting most people's, starting lineups to be filled with their regular roster, players, the the guys that they're holding every single week. Not really a lot of streaming opportunity there, but, obviously, there will be some need for some teams to fill in some spaces. Thankfully, having so many play, teams, playing on those days, really, it's just the best player available stream right now. The exceptions being Thursday, a 2 game day, and Saturday, a 4 game day, where really, there's a very, very limited, value, set to to pull from. And among that group, you're there's gonna be a lot of competition. We'll call it a gold rush for those players. Because really, if everyone's playing a mostly even schedule, the only way to get a competitive advantage, which I would define as having a games played advantage over your opponent, is to be one of those people that has more players active on Thursday Saturday. So I think if you're looking at your lineups versus your opponents this week, if you're anywhere near a tie with them in as far as games played, you have to be targeting people that are active on Thursday Saturday. Do you make a move with that in mind today, or do you wait until Thursday to to jump at that? Well, it depends on how competitive of a league you're in. I'm gonna assume that everyone's in a competitive league and that everyone in those leagues is listening to sports ethos and and realizing that Yeah. You know, there is a fair you know what I mean? I I think if you're in a competitive league, there is no time to wait. You gotta go now because everyone's going to be targeting those days. I mean, if you're if you've looked at the schedule at all this week, you must know by now that those are the days you have to really get an edge in. And so if you're in an active league, you should assume that the other managers are looking at the same players you are for Thursday Saturday, and sometimes it's just better to get them early. There are some teams that actually let you cover your early week, your Monday, and your Wednesday, while still getting ready for that first game on Thursday. And it's definitely advisable to go for those teams. But, again, you're you're picking from a fairly limited pool right now. You you basically, the Bucks are your best option if you wanna ride it out for the entire week, while having a move that will cover your 2 week game days. But it's entirely possible for, you know, for an attentive manager to just take a 2 game stream on the Monday, Wednesday, and then flip their players for someone from the Hawks, Bucks, or Magic, and cover both the Thursday and the Saturday with just that one move. I'm gonna leave it up to those managers to judge whether that's something they can do right away or whether that's something they're gonna wait a couple of days to do. But I say air on the side of caution when there's so much riding on having those games. Yeah. If you're full already today Wednesday, what is is there an advantage to to making your Thursday moves now, or does it make more sense to just to, like, you know, wait and see if your guys are playing on Monday Wednesday and and act accordingly in that fashion? What's your what's your move if you're already full? Oh, if you're full, then absolutely go nuts. You're gonna stash them anyway. You don't plan to use them, but you might as well have them there when you need them. If you don't lose anything for gaining them or for adding them on Monday, then I, you know, I see I see no reason to, you know, call that a concern. If you do end up needing them, then, yeah, you know what? You're accepting the the risk that you might have wasted a move, that could have been used later on, but I would rather trust that, that my lineups are going to be filled, that, you know, I can't predict injuries. I can't know if someone's gonna be in and out of the lineup, so I'm gonna assume they're fully healthy and assume that it would be safe to, if I know I'm gonna be full, make my moves for Thursday on Monday. So let's take a moment here to go through some of what you have in your, Twitter thread. Week 3 streaming strategy, I'm gonna read a little bit for those that are listening after the fact, not watching live and can't see it on their screen. Indiana and Milwaukee have a perfect start to the week. You write. This is this is the quote, by the way. They will be active every possible day until Friday. Long stream any rotation players such as Aaron Nesmith, Bobby Portis, Jae Crowder, Jalen Smith, Malik Beasley, Obi Toppin. As we start to move through this, you mentioned that most of the league plays Monday Wednesday. No games on Tuesday, so you're looking at best player on the Monday, Wednesday, such as guys like Kobe White, Denny Avdia, Dillon Brooks, Grant Williams, Herb Jones, Josh Hart, Naz Reed. I don't wanna read the entire thing verbatim. Mhmm. But you did mention here, once you get to Thursday, Atlanta, Milwaukee, and Orlando are active and play again after arrest day. Guys like Bogdan Bogdanovic, Cole Anthony, Deandre Hunter, Jay Crowder, Jalen Suggs, Malik Beasley, Moe Wagner, Saddiq Bey. What about as you get into Friday, Saturday, Sunday? What should folks be planning ahead? Because that's kinda where I I paused here that I mean, people can read it from your, your thread. Sure. But can you talk us through like, how many moves would you say you should still have when you get to Friday? Because I'm assuming you want people to make a move on Thursday if they didn't use it already earlier in the week. Absolutely. Well, I mean, my general rule, is that by the time you're getting to Sunday, you should have one or no moves left if you do plan to be an aggressive streamer. So we are coming up on the on the cutoff point for, you know, for making moves and having them actually be valuable. If you do plan to use all of your moves, I think I would plan to have, maybe one one move left after, Friday. The best option for Friday has gotta be the Celtics because they're on a back to back, which presents quite an ideal situation for managers that do have that space to make a second move after Saturday night wraps up, because they will be able to flip that player, for one more streamer on Sunday. The Celtics are the only team on a Friday, Saturday back to back, so if that is the route you got you wanna go, if, again, one of those things where you might wanna grab them early. For me, personally, I'm gonna start looking at Celtics players on Wednesday, if I'm not trying to fill any, holes in my roster on, on Monday. And really and truly, I know I did say that, Indiana and Milwaukee are, you know, the perfect schedule teams of this week. Boston is about as close as you can get, and they are a really great consolation prize for anyone that does wanna make those early moves and just kinda long stream for the whole week because they are on a 4 game schedule, effectively on 2 back to backs with only 1 game in between. The only problem is that day in between is a really soft scheduled day, so that's kind of why I kinda faded them a little bit and why I'm not looking at them as urgently until Wednesday where you can get that 3 and 4. Really, for me, if, if I'm looking at making moves on Friday, I'm not opposed to making 2 moves on the same day if you do have, the space in your roster to do that. Most teams that play on Friday also play on Sunday. So, effectively, I have met my criteria for making a valuable streaming move, which is one move translates to 2 games. There's not a lot of follow-up moves to be made after that, so I I, you know, I I could even break my rule in having moves left over for Sunday if I know that the right guys will be there for me to do both Friday Sunday. There's not really any opportunity to flip that player if you roster them for Friday, and and really get too much value out of it, unless you know that you're moving into the Saturday, Sunday back to back with the Warriors or with the Heat. Now their rotations are not always the most consistent. Their bench players are not always the most productive, so I'm gonna leave that up to managers to decide whether that's their best option. And they do have, you know, a lot of variability in their rotation. So for me, I think I'm happy if I've used up all my moves by Friday knowing that those Friday moves could, if planned well, get me 2 games. Do you ever plan to have a move left over on Sunday to to try to churn out some extra stuff for the following week, or is that just a luxury that pops up every once in a while? Well, it's it's a luxury for sure. I mean, if if possible, I'd love to have my cake and eat it too. Sometimes I just have a roster that's really chugging along and doing so well that, that there is no reason to, to really look at streaming, until the end of the week. And really at that point, I'm only using my moves in order to get kind of bonus plays for the next week. So if you're one of those teams that already knows that, you know, you're in a really comfortable position for the week And, and you don't really need those moves to to help you get over for, you know for this weekend Then it's perfectly, reasonable to to look at making moves that carry you into week 4 There are some teams that I did identify for that and there's always kind of you know for me, given what I'm doing, with sports ethos, I'm always looking at least a week ahead. And so I know that, you know, there's, there's players from Chicago, from Milwaukee, from New York, you know, from the Thunder or from the Wizards, who can actually get you that game on Sunday if you do need it. And then they can really set you up well for a strong play in, in week 4 because they're all playing on 4 game weeks, have back to backs. You know? Or, basically, all of those teams I just named are gonna be in competition for best schedule or at least for competitive streaming purposes. So I'd be really comfortable if I did have a move, and I was kind of planning to turn that roster spot over just to kind of burn it on one of, one of the players from those teams. Let's flip this over now and talk about the other side because this is how you maximize the games. Who are the teams that have a terrible schedule this week, and is there anything that folks can do to rectify that? No. Frankly, there there isn't. There are there are 3 teams that I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but there there's just no redeeming qualities to to their schedule. So you got the Cavs. They don't play until Wednesday, and then they don't play again until Saturday. You've got the Blazers, they don't play again or play until Wednesday, and then they don't play again until Sunday. And then you've got my Raptors, again, Wednesday and then Saturday. So 2 games of waiting to start the week, really one game, I guess. We're gonna we're gonna factor out election day as a as a non playing day. But really, they don't play until Wednesday, and then they have another 2 game break. So if we, as streamers, are looking at, you know, kind of creating value with our moves, there's no way to create value because there's no 2 3 day period that you can exploit and really kind of make your moves stick together as one coherent, you know, chain of events, I guess, we'll call it. This to me is the time to drop all of those players that are from those 3 teams. Again, the Cavs, the, Raptors, and the Blazers. If you have anyone from those guy from those teams near the bottom of your bench, in a head to head league right now, I probably wouldn't be holding on too tight. You have to really believe in those guys if you're gonna hold on to them through a incredibly disadvantageous schedule week. And frankly, with some of the some of the talk I'm hearing around some players that might fit this criteria, Gary Trent junior, for example. I, you know, I'm not really feeling too optimistic about reasons to open. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Well, that's a that's a downer. And you're, you're a Canadian, so I feel like that counts triple when you talk about Raptors. Isn't that isn't that Oh, yeah. Hey. Yeah. That that's true. Right? Yeah. I think so. At least, you know. Okay. Yeah. I just wanna make sure I had that part right. What about okay. So we've got some bad teams in there. What if what if you have and this is a tough one. I mean, this is a loaded question, and streaming is the the short answer. But what if you are stuck with players on those teams that you can't get rid of? What if you have Donovan Mitchell and Darius Garland on a team? What if you have, I don't know, Scottie Barnes and Donovan Mitchell on a team? Do you just have to wear it? Do you stream the crap out of your other roster slots? What do you do if you're in a situation like that? Or do you try or do you try to take a little bit of a long view in a situation like because, obviously, you're not dropping those guys, but Sure. Maybe there's someone at the end of your bench that in a a regular week, you wouldn't use them as a streaming slot. But in this one, maybe you would. Is there something you do differently if you're just coming into a week at a game's disadvantage? Because that's something I just came out of. Somehow, I was at a game's disadvantage, like, by 11. I don't know how the hell that even happens in a regular league. That's that's absurd. There wasn't any amount of streaming I could have done to overcome an 11 game gap, especially when you consider the fact the dude I'm playing against would just stream right back at me if I started to do it. So what do you do in a situation like that? Just try to minimize your losses? Well, yeah, I mean, that's that's the the short way of putting it. Just to go back to what you're saying, you know, if you if you're one of those people that has, you know, Donovan Mitchell, Scottie Barnes, Darius Garland, you know, any of those other stars from those teams, first off, congratulations. You got some really good players. And I'm happy to tell you that if you have a player of that quality, it probably won't hurt you too much this week because they are going to be productive enough in 2 games with all likelihood that they are going to, you know, bring back top 100 value. Now what you're gonna need to do if you're gonna try to compensate for that game's play disadvantage, frankly, you're not gonna be able to if you're that guy that has Donovan Mitchell. You're probably not gonna have that good of an odd or good odds of catching up to it and another team in scoring, for example. Your points probably just won't be up to up to snuff. But there are categories like blocks, like steals, like 3 pointers, which if done properly and if you get the right specialists, which, frankly, steals and 3 pointers off of the off of the waiver wire are very, very achievable, you know, categories. You know, it's possible to come back. We call them high impact stat stats for a reason, and that reason is that it doesn't take as much of them to make a really big difference in fantasy. So, frankly, yeah, if you're if you're behind the 8 ball, by a considerable amount in, in terms of game's played total, counting stats probably aren't gonna be your thing this week. You're looking at, efficiency. You're looking at your shooting percentages, which frankly, it doesn't matter how much volume you have. You just wanna make a higher percentage of shots than the other team, something that really can't be controlled, if if anything, by, by streaming. You're looking at turnovers, which, again, if you have a game's play disadvantage, you're probably gonna be doing better in any way. You're looking at steals. You're looking at blocks. You're looking at threes. Now not every team builds that way. Personally, I like to draft this way so that I'm always prepared for this. But, if you are able to pivot towards any of those 6 categories, well, 6 categories is more than enough to win. So, you just have to really make sure that you're focusing, frankly, almost exclusively on those areas if you're if you're at a considerable disadvantage by games played. Ideally, if you are streaming well, you can probably get a bonus 8 games out of your out of your stream if you're assuming that one stream equals 2 games, and you do it 4 times. But, again, like you were saying, there's no telling that the other manager won't do that. You might know your league a little bit better than I I will depending on who's listening here, but, yeah, not every manager will scream back. So if you do think that you're playing against an inattentive manager or a manager that maybe just doesn't have that much flexibility with their roster right now, you know, a lot of those wait and see prospects that we're not sure if we should drop, we're not sure if we should hold, There's there's gonna be some teams that are in decision paralysis right now. So you're gonna have to judge what your league looks like and whether those, you know, those 3 counting stack categories are a possibility for you, if they are. And if you think that that other manager might not be able to keep pace with you, with the moves that you're making, then sure. Go for it. But if it's me every single time, I have to be I have to be looking at high impact stat stats. I'm gonna try to get a few questions from the chat room in here that are, sort of streamy or, lineup y related. Is that that's a proper terminology. So Wayne says, should I start Moe Wagner or Kyle Anderson? I'm gonna assume that this means in the near term as opposed to sort of, like, a games cap roto. I'll hit the games cap. I see your games cap roto questions in the chat room. Don't worry. I'll get to those in a little bit. That'll be towards the end of the program, but I wanna, use Derek's brain for these Sure. Sort of, you know, spur of the moment, nightly decisions. Which way do you lean on this one? I mean, in a vacuum, it's always gonna be slow mo for me. I'm a huge, huge fan of him. So just in general, I'm always gonna be advocating for for playing him. But then if you if you look at the schedules for the 2 teams, you've got slow mo in a 4 game week, slow mo Kyle Anderson in case anyone missed that. And then you've got the Magic who are on a 3 game week. So, yes, the Magic do have that advantageous Thursday, Saturday slate, but really you don't get much out of them until Thursday Saturday, whereas, you could realistically start Kyle Anderson all 4, all 4 games. I would actually be happy to start him even if I did have a lineup. Well, I might actually be looking at making some tough decisions and taking one of my holds out in that scenario in order to start Kyle Anderson because he is so productive in all of those categories that I was just talking about, those high impact areas. He is a 3 point shooter. He is a good steal and block producer. He does have solid percentages, and, you know, I think that's the kind of guy that I love to target for a streamer. He can do a little bit of everything, and I'm I'm pretty confident in that in a 4 game week. Alright. Here we go. Should I start Walker Kessler versus Chicago or Kevan Looney versus Detroit? Alright. So I got I got Pearl versus Looney last week, and I I felt uncomfortable about it. And I got Looney versus Kessler this week. Alright. I'm gonna go Kessler. He last time I got the the chance to make a call for Kessler, it really worked out in my favor. It was Kessler versus Jokic, I think, the last time you asked me about him, and, he really returned value there. The reason that I chose Kessler versus Jokic in that matchup, is because you you just need when you have an opposing center, like a Jokic or like with the Bulls, Nikola Busovic, you just need someone who's, you know, very apt defensively in order to make that kind of shutdown play. Now Looney versus Detroit, that, you know, that is intriguing. He's almost exclusively gonna be asked to rebound, and frankly, I think it's gonna be pretty hard to rebound when you're going against, Isaiah Stewart and Jalen Duran, who frankly, I think doesn't he get every rebound? I I'm actually less confident in Looney than I might typically be. And I know it's hard to argue for Kessler right now, but I just remember you get a defensive specialist against an offensive player that you know is getting a lot of touches. I I think I think it's right to to go in his favor. Next one on the board. I'm moving through us here a little bit. I wanted to do here's one that's a question that I'm not gonna do this exact question, but, this is a person who has Jalen Johnson and Onyeko Okonwu are basically their worst players. And he says, look. My plan right now is not to stream unless injuries hit and trades don't really happen in his league. Is this a strategy that you can agree with? Because, I mean, I guess we don't really know the league, but those are 2 very, very good players to have at the very end of your bench. And I feel like I'm inclined to say, yeah. You can't you can't drop those guys to stream because the guys you're picking up are gonna be so much worse. Absolutely. A 100%. The you couldn't have said it any better. If those are your 2 worst players, then you're looking really good this year. Jalen johnson would be the one I would pick if you had to move on from 1 or the other I am just such a big advocate for okonglu. I really love how he just continues to kind of flesh out his game jalen johnson has been electric to start the season But it does occur to me that this is his first real season of of getting a lot of, you know, touches and having that increased role. So he's not a sophomore, but it does occur to me that something like a sophomore slump could be in his future. I'm not gonna tell you to drop him, though, because he is just simply too valuable right now, simply too productive, and too useful to the hawks as, you know, as kind of a multi position player. Yeah. No. It's, congratulations if those are your 2 worst players. Yeah. That's that's it's a good spot to be in, but you're also there's this there's this innate desire as a human. I wanna make moves in my fantasy league. And if those are your 2 worst players, you're not gonna get to make that many moves this year, especially if you're in the league where trades aren't happening. You're gonna like, if you wanna open up a roster spot, you're gonna have to sweeten the crap out of a trade, and, you know, I don't know exactly what that's gonna take. Mattis says in a 10 category league where double doubles is the 10th category, would you go Russell Westbrook or Kyle Kuzma today? Noting, by the way, or I will note, that James Harden is making his Clippers debut tonight. Yeah. So, I mean, that you said it right there. As soon as I saw Russ's name, it's like, well, I'm not picking him because I know that they're gonna be doing the James Harden experiment tonight. And many and many in house. And many nights. Yeah. Exactly. I mean, he is the system as they say. Right? Or as he's He's not a system player. He is that was Exactly. That was special. So, I mean, you look at the you look at a quote like that and then, you know, give me a reason to be optimistic about Russell Westbrook. I can't think of 1. He's probably going to you know, I mean, he's Russ. He's gonna he's gonna go out and get his, but I don't think he's gonna get it very efficiently. And I don't think he's gonna get it in the same quantity or with the same amount of playing time. Kuzma, on the other hand, plays for the Wizards who, as far as I know, they just roll the ball out there every single night and just whoever wants to shoot can shoot. Yep. Whoever wants to yeah. Go get it. Go play, boys. I think the Wizards should pioneer a new type a new style of basketball where it's like the beginning of a game of dodgeball. You know, you just put the ball at the center put the ball in the middle of whichever dude on the wiz gets it. They just get that first shot. Just do it over and over again because that's kinda what it looks like happening anyway. I think that's the only way to take a shot away from Jordan Poole or Kyle Kuzma, to be honest. But, you know, with that in mind, if you know that you're getting all the touches with with Kyle Kuzma and the Wizards, then you gotta go with them. It's Yeah. He's just in a much better situation than Russ is in right now. That is bad basketball out there. I hope they can get it cleaned up a little bit. I don't have that much faith, but it's still early. Things can happen. I'm not gonna completely write them off, but there's you know, it's one thing if you gotta take turns offense where it's Kawhi Leonard and Paul George are your take turns. Like, that's why the Clippers won whatever it was 45 to 50 games because you got 2 superstars trading off, but it's a little different when it's Coos and Poole. Okay. So let me let me take us now to the end of my discussion with Derek for this week, and that is what if you got to the end of your week with some moves left on Sunday? Let's say you're like Nils who asked that question that, look. I got a a very full roster. Maybe someone on his team gets hurt. Maybe you only have one slot that you're really interested in streaming. You probably do get to Sunday with some stuff left. What do you do then? Is there a way to set yourself up going into next week? Because I know I haven't looked that far ahead, but you seem like the kind of person that probably has. Absolutely. I am the kind of person that does that. So as far as, as far as setting yourself up for next week, there's there's a couple of things you could do. I, for 1, have always been the type where, I do like to injury stash some players. So if I'm at the end of my week, I'm not really sure that I need to stream, and I'm not really worried about next week yet. If I see on my waiver wire, there's a, you know, an injured, injured player, like, let's say, Bojan Bogdanovic, maybe a, name another injured player, Trey Murphy, and I have the opportunity to pick them up and stash them without penalizing myself, for that week of competitive play, then I think that's something I would consider. If I'm looking at streaming, then I'm probably looking at a team that's active on week 4 Monday because there's only 4 games that day. So, I mean, really, if if possible, I would probably be trying to get, one of the players from those teams. I think I named it earlier, but that's gonna be Chicago, Milwaukee, New York, Oklahoma City, and Washington, that are gonna give you the best edge for the early part of next week. Next week, if possible, you should be, targeting, teams that are active on Monday and on Thursday in particular as the 2 week is scheduled, days. So if you do see that, you have a player that's potentially available that would be there for 13th or for 16th, then I think it's worth picking them up a little bit early. Alright. You are officially off the hook. Derek. Yeah. I know. Celebrate a little bit. Folks listening didn't get to see the 2 fisted pump there. Thank you as always, my man. I hope that, I'm I'm trying not to make you too uncomfortable here, but give it time. We've got a whole season to for me to weird you out. We we doing okay so far? Oh, absolutely. I'm loving every second of it. But we'll make it weird. I'm I'm I'm not worried. I have faith. Yeah. Let's get weird. He's Derek Ball. He's at d ball b ball on all social media platforms, including in our Discord where if you have a fantasy pass, you can pick his brain whenever you like in the ask the pros thread. If you got questions about the week ahead piece. Also, in the fantasy pass, go check that out. You can hit us up, at Discord on social media. Derek, until next Monday, my good man. It was a pleasure. We got a few more things to cover here on the show before we wrap it up. We are not all the way done, but a big, big, big thank you as always to Derek Ball for taking the time on Monday afternoon to walk us through the week ahead. Get us situated here. Get us ready for some streaming. Also, it is pointed out to me by my good friend, the great Andre Lemos, that we do have a tool in our Fantasy Pass that can help you with streaming as well, and that is our daily projections engine available in the Fantasy Pass. All of that, again, Fantasy Pass starts at just $6 a month. If you wanna upgrade adding baseball and football, you could do that with promo code ETHOS246. That's only $7 a month. So it's 1 buck more to add football and baseball to your Fantasy Pass. Between that engine that Andre is talking about and all the information that Derek just gave you for free on this show, you're gonna make the right choices on your streaming Monday, Wednesday, maybe even Friday this week. It is a very, very busy week, for overload days. By the way, couple notes. You heard the 2 game weeks of the Cavs, the Blazers, and the Raptors. So if you're in a weekly format, this is the general rule. Weekly leagues, you start players with a 2 game week that are top 50 or better. So in the cavs, that's basically Darius Garland, Evan Mobley, and Donovan Mitchell. Jared Allen would be sort of right on the cusp since he's still working his minutes all the way up to full tilt, so you might wanna sit him in a 2 gamer. On the blazers, that's Deandre Ayton and maybe Shaden Sharp, but things can go south pretty quick up there. I think you could probably do it and get away with it. For the raptors, you got a few of them. Scottie Barnes, 2 game week is fine. Pascal Siakam, OG Anunoby, I think those 3 guys. Schroeder, I do still think Schroeder takes a small step back, but if you're hunting assists, you could throw him out there. Probably not Jakob Poeltl these days. Although with, Precious Chachua out, he's kind of a maybe in that kinda targeting the top 50 zone as well. Let's go through some of the players that are game time calls right now because those are the folks also weekly leaguers are gonna be struggling with. By the way, we just got news about, 2 to 3 minutes ago that Shay Gilgeous Alexander is available to play tonight. Luka Doncic and Kyrie Irving are both in as well. So really good news on the questionable tags. Right now, I gotta say early in the year, the questionable players are playing more often than that. I don't know if that's the NBA's push to get guys into more basketball games or if it's just that everybody knows the west is going to be a, just a slugfest. And so anytime you can get a damn win, you gotta go try and get it. Either way, great news on that front. Shay, Luka, Kyrie, we're talking about, you know, a a trio of top 15 guys in the NBA all ruled in as we're live on air here on this show. If you have some questions, we're gonna try to get to those in a minute. But in terms of players that are sort of the would you, won't you, Devin Booker is out for the Suns, for their ball game on Wednesday. We don't have a timetable for return on Booker, but it does sound like Bradley Beal is set to make his season debut on Friday. That's the target for Beal. That would be a 2 game week. They're gonna they're gonna load, I don't wanna say load manage, but they're going to minutes manage him a little bit. So I don't think that I would start Booker or Beal, this week, but it is good news at least that Beal's probably not too far away. Darren Fox is a no. Derrick White was probable until a few moments ago. He just got ruled out for tonight. So my assumption is that he didn't get back from the birth of his second child in time to kinda get his conditioning right for the ballgame. I'd assume he's back by Wednesday, then they go Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday. And so that's more than enough for Derek White who's been a top 20 fantasy play so far. Kristaps Porzingis is a game time decision for tonight. Again, even if he doesn't play in this one, it's he's dealing with a sty in his eye. Presumably, they'll be able to treat that over the next couple of days. So I don't think you'd get any fewer than 2 games, probably closer to 3, even 3a half, depending on the call later on this evening. They play at 5 o'clock, so it's not, right at lineup block, but, a little bit later. So I think I'm probably a go on Porzingis this week. Kelvin Johnson is a weird one. He's questionable with a sore left wrist. They play at 4, so we'll have an idea of whether or not he's healthy this week in the next hour or so. Then they go Wednesday, Friday, Sunday, the rest of the week. He's been incredibly efficient so far, which is not something we expected after last year. If you've been rolling with a warm Kelvin Johnson to this point, you probably continue to do so this week. Unless he's ruled out later tonight, then you might wanna take, you know, back off a little. Draymond Green is questionable at the back to back. Oh, Jimmy Butler is, oh, probable. So he's fine. So you're keeping him in there. Draymond is questionable. Warriors go Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday, I believe. There's a bird in it. Yeah. So, I would start any warriors that are, questionable or better. So Draymond is one of those guys. Nick Claxton is out for the week. Most likely, I would assume Devin Vassell is out for the week. Terry Rozier dealing with a groin strain. He's probably out for the week. We don't have that ruling yet, but I think that I would probably sit on him. Denny Avdia is questionable, but did participate in shoot around, so we'll have more word on him here in the next minute or 2. If he's out in a in a 3 game week, I would probably try to find a 4 gamer to start over him. But if he's in, he's been good enough to this point. Jamal Murray, strained hamstring, I'd assume they'd give him a week off. Robert Williams, dealing with a knee issue. I would assume they're gonna give him at least a couple of games off, and they play only twice this week anyway. So he's a bench, and that probably takes us about as far as we need to go on these. Oh, well, Markelle Fultz, he's already been ruled out for tonight. Magic have a good schedule this week, but they're now with him not playing, he's gone until Thursday. It's Thursday, Saturday. It's become a 2 game week for him, so false, I think, is a bench. And I think that's probably all the questions on the sit start front for weekly leagues. And I think that means we can probably pivot over into the chat room and try to hit on the stuff that, I didn't wanna use up Derek's time on. Freaky says, how low to buy Nick Claxton? Well, let's assume he's out another month. See if you can get him for an 80, 90 range guy, someone that doesn't wanna sit on it. Now the issue, of course, is can you afford to sit on Nick Claxton for a month? And the answer is, I don't know. Only you know that about your own team. Hi. Would you trade Kyrie for Jamal Murray and Anthony Simons? I would not. This is a points points league. No. I want Kyrie. Give me the better player in most trades. Max Strouse or Bruce Brown. I think we had this question earlier today. I'm gonna lean Struss on this one, but it's very, very close. I don't know that it's gonna make a massive difference in your team either way, but I like Struss, especially if any literally anybody that takes shots in Cleveland goes down, he has a huge role. Let's see. Trading Deandre Ayton, Jordan Poole, Malcolm Brogdon, I would get Kyrie Irving, Franz, and pick up Christian Wood. Yes. Go, give me you're punting threes, assists, and turnovers. Oh, so that's why Deandre Ayton is good for this team. I think I would go get Kyrie because then you can go spin Kyrie into someone better once we know Ayton's steals are gonna come down from where they are right now. Look. I love Deandre Ayton's start to the season. I have him in a couple of spots in teams where I needed badly field goal percent rebounds, but I'm also a pragmatist. I know this isn't gonna last all year. Kyle Anderson or Caris LeVert rest of season. Also, a CP 3 to the bench or stay patient? I'm okay with benching CP 3 at a games cap roto while we sorta sort out this Draymond Green thing, and then definitely Kyle Anderson over Caris LaVert. Struce, Bruce Brown, or Jalen Suggs? Give me Suggs just to see what happens. Why not? Is Gaffer to hold in 12 teamers? Yeah. We gotta see what happens. He really hasn't been healthy for more than about a game and a half, and the Wizards keep getting blown out. So we we legitimately haven't even seen what his role is gonna be. Should I trade away Jaylen Williams to get Jimmy Butler? Yes. Hard yes. No De'Aaron Fox and no Jamal Murray. Is Mike Conley a safe replacement for this week? Yeah. I mean, he's not gonna get you what those guys did. Conley's not gonna score anything like those dudes, but you're hoping for, you know, a dozen points, 4 to 5 to 6 assists in a good universe. There there isn't really any replacing Fox and Jamal Murray in your lineup. Conley is at least a point guard, but significantly worse. Should I play both Kuzma and Tyus Jones against the sixers, or are they gonna get blown out? Every damn wizard's game seemingly is a blowout these days. Kuze has been good enough anyway. I think I'd probably play him and then just pray. Should I bench Walker Kessler until further notice? I think you could do that. I think you could do that. I'm okay with it. You're definitely not dropping, though. I traded Herb Jones for Tyus Jones, and I'm punting blocks. I'm hoping everything is gonna be fine. Yeah. It'll be fine. Should I drop Walker Kessler for Mitchell Robinson? If Robinson is on your waiver wire, he should definitely be added for someone. I think you gotta hold on to Kessler. I don't know what your drop is gonna be, but Mitchell Robinson is definitely a standardly guy. Where is he at this year? 126? That's just because he's shooting 41%. That's not gonna hold. The other stuff is totally fine. Mitch Rob is definitely a a 12 teamer. Would you drop Isaiah Stewart to pick up Robert Williams? So I don't know how injured Robert is, but, yes, he's much better than Isaiah Stewart. So it's sorta it's like a soft yes. How would you order these players? Michael Porter Junior, Jeremy Grant, Brook Lopez. Give me Michael Porter Junior over Brook Lopez over Jeremy Grant. And you could convince me to switch MPJ and Brook Lopez, but Porter is off to a really good start this year. And so I'm kinda wondering if maybe last season, he just wasn't all the way healthy, but he's he's looking great so far this season. LeBron and Brandon Ingram for Nikola Jokic. Who wins? Jokic side by a lot. Derrick White was dropped in my 10 teamer. What? Lunacy. He's a top 20 player so far. What are these leagues? I want in. Do I drop Chris Paul, John Collins, Gordon Hayward, or Mitchell Robinson for him, if any? Literally any of the 4, you should drop for Derrick White. But Mitchell Robinson is probably the safest drop. Man. Yeah. Derrick White needs to he absolutely belongs in our team. I traded Kyle Kuzma for Austin Reeves. How's that? That's fine. I don't think anybody's a big winner there. Oh, I should've done this one with with, with Derek. Whoops. Start one today. A Kang Wu, Keegan Murray, or Moe Wagner with 3.% as the extra cat. Give me oh, Kang Wu. Is Trae Young a buy low? Looking to send an offer of either of either Tyrese Maxey or Tyler Herro. If you can get Trae Young for Tyler Herro, you do it. Tyrese Maxey, Trae Young, I think, is pretty fair. You're sort of hunting cats in that one. It's a 9 cat league, so turnovers do matter here. But I think those 2 guys come together a bit over the rest of this season. Hey, guys. In Yahoo, if I have a player in the IL who is now active, am I still able to offer trades, or will they disable it until they're back on my active roster? I actually don't know. Why don't you just try to do it? If it doesn't let you, it'll then you got your answer. Would you consider activating Kyrie to start him while dropping Deandre Hunter and losing on the 2 extra games while Mavericks play on all busy days? Yeah. I think I'd rather have Kyrie there. Do we start Kessler versus Vooch, or is it an Olynyk situation for the Jazz? Honest to goodness, I just don't know. I think because the Jazz don't have a point guard, they're using Kelly Olynyk more because they need a ball moving big man right now. They need someone to help facilitate because they just don't have one, at least until anybody on that team figures it out. Like, Taylor Orton Tucker maybe figures it out at some point, but he's not Mike Conley. And so they just, like, they need non ball stoppers to keep the offense from chunking up. That's part of it. So I might bench him. Kessler, that is. Should I start Goga Bitadze or Walker Kessler today? Ugh. I'm gonna get this one wrong, aren't I? I I'll go Kessler. I just I have trouble believing in Butadze. He's also a weirdly low field goal percent big man. I know it didn't happen against the Lakers, but, like, what are the odds he blocks 5 shots and has good numbers across the board again? Not great. Should I start Dyson Daniels or Jeremy Soehan tonight? I don't know. Probably Soehan. At least you're guaranteed to get minutes there. We don't know what the Pelicans are gonna do exactly with McCollum out. Find out later on tonight. Would you trade Tyrese Halliburton and Andrew Wiggins to get LaMelo, Schroeder, and Smart? No. I have Rozier, Terry Eason, and Scoot Henderson. Would you drop 1 to stream or hang on? Punting field goal percent. I'd probably drop Tari Eason to avoid taking a bunch of l's. It's hard to justify stashing 2 young guys. Scoot a rookie. He's in a 2nd year. Scoot, you gotta hold on to. Because at some point this season, he'll start to figure out the NBA. He's gotta get healthy first to do it, but then he'll have probably a strong finish. Easton is gonna be, you know, rebounds, field goal percent, steals, that kind of thing. And if you're punting field goal percent, I don't know that you can take zeros. I don't know that you can justify taking zeros to hold on to these that those 2 guys even. I can only start 2 today out of Sohan Melton Wagner, Mo Wagner, and Marcus Sasser. You you need a DFS expert for this question. I'm probably going to Anthony Melton and Marcus Sasser, but I may live to regret it. Do I trade Derek Lively and Andrew Wiggins for Aaron Gordon? No. Aaron Gordon's off to a really good start this year, and he's still number 96 because he doesn't make free throws. His defensive stats are likely to come down. Yeah. I think I'd rather just wait and see what Derek Lively becomes. Is Kyrie going to just play off ball and stay in the corner all season and Luca with the ball in his hands 90% of the time? Nah, man. They'll figure it out. They'll figure it out. Also, by the way, it's worth pointing out that as quiet as it seems like Kyrie has been, he's number 27 in 9 cat right now. And that's with his shot not dropping, and he's taking 18 shots a game even when it seems like he's not all that heavily involved. How are you doing in your leagues, Dan? I don't know. We're just getting started. I'm in 3 head to head cash leagues, and one of them is at was at a huge game's disadvantage the 1st couple weeks and is, like, 2 or 3 games under 500. One of them is 13 and 5. That one's in good place, and the other one is, like, 10 and 8. So that one's doing fine. Roto leagues are all over the map because I sometimes play guys. I sometimes don't. I often lag behind. I feel relatively good about, like, a solid 80% of the Roto leagues. I'll know more in about 2 more weeks. How's that? Thoughts on Kelly Oubre. I'm gonna continue to start him until they give me a reason not to. Do I start Clint Capela in a games cap format? I think the answer is probably yes, but, I mean, has he been worse than I real no. He's number 57 right now. Yeah. You're starting Capella. Have you shared what ESPN is doing with extra game in season tourney? It doesn't count. The championship game does not count towards fantasy. It's not a it's not a legitimate game. It's like an exhibition, basically. Thoughts on Dorian Finney Smith. I like him. Nick Claxton is likely out a few more weeks with a high ankle sprain, and, Doreen Finney Smith has been a terrific fill in for Claxton. He's number 81 on the season, without really getting any defensive stats. So if those come around even the tiniest bit, he could even be a little bit higher than that. I have absolutely no problem with rolling with DFS until, until Claxton comes back. Who are you guys dropping for the other in a 12 team points league? Jeremy Sohan or Xavier Tillman? I'm dropping Tillman out of those 2 guys. Nice Ace Ventura T shirt. Thanks, man. Yeah. So this was I don't remember. This was, like, the business card he had. I love this shirt. I just got it last week, and it fits nice. Soft. Man, this is a soft shirt. Do an ad for TeePublic. TeePublic, please come sponsor the podcast. Anybody out there watching or listening affiliated in any way with TeePublic.com, I would love to have them as a sponsor because I'm wearing the crap out of their T shirts on this show. Not sure if you've been asked before, but thoughts on Horford while the Celtics are healthy. Yeah. When he's when they're healthy, he's not playable. But it does seem like now with Derrick White getting ruled out tonight, we might get one more Al Horford spot start, which brings me great joy because you guys know I love Al Horford. But look. Again, pragmatist, you can't play him when they're healthy. But when he starts, worth a look. Should I trade Siakam for Michael Porter junior in a points league? No. You should not. Should go the other way around, though. Use Michael Porter to try to get Siakam to buy low, sell high. Someone dropped Immanuel Quickley. Would you rather roster him or use the spot to stream? I would rather use that spot to stream. It just doesn't seem like quickly unless Brunson goes down, I I can't see quickly being better than about 1 30 range. It's just too many bodies in the way. Just too many bodies in the way. Alright. We all caught up? Yeah. We're all caught up. Great work, everybody. Thanks for tuning in. This was your weekly preview show for week 3 of getting a big thank you to Derek Ball. I forgot to tell you guys to please like, rate, subscribe, all that good stuff on your way out. Find me on social media at Dan Bazberson. Also, hey, grab the oven mitts because this news is too hot to handle. As we feast our way through mountains of mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce, let's chat about the unsung hero of the holiday season, the MANSCAPED lawnmower 5.0 Ultra. That's right. It's time to say goodbye to your man's old razor, and make sure he's smooth as the pumpkins on the doorstep. Hop on over to manscaped.com and use promo code ethos 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order. Get what he oh my god. I'm gonna say it. I'm gonna do it. Get ready for your man to gobble, wobble, and glide his way through thankful season with the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra. Yeah. I did it. Yeah. I did it. Anyway, it's time for me to get cleaned up. Also, I gotta get my lawnmower 5.0 charged up, and I'm gonna start doing it live on air one of these days. So, again, head on over manscaped.com. Use promo code ethos 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order. Again, that is ethos 20.20 percent off, free shipping atmanscaped.com. Ethos20. Be thankful this holiday season for the best gift of all from Manscaped. Dig it. Can you dig it? I can dig it. Alright, everybody. Good luck this week. Get those lineups set. I need to go handle my own, actually, as I get off this pod to show Monday in the books. Tomorrow, should be I think we're talking to Rafael Johnson tomorrow. I I screwed up the scheduling last week, and I'm hoping we can get him on here to to break down some early season reactions. That'd be fun if I can make sure that I don't muck up the scheduling again. Alright. Again, like, rate, subscribe, all that stuff on the way out. We'll see you guys over on social at Dan Vesper's at d ball b ball, if you wanna hit up your questions about the week ahead. Later.