Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Hey, everybody. What's happening? Show number 2 here on this lovely Friday. It's a week in review episode of Fantasy NBA today. This is a sports ethos presentation. I am your host, Dan Vesperis. Even still, after all this time, I remain Dan Vesperis. I'm at Dan Vesperis on Twitter. That's really I say follow me on social media, but I don't use the other ones. I'm too old. I'm too old for ticking and talking or gramming. I know. People my age use Instagram. I get it. My age does not match my internal clock, so sorry. It's Twitter only, but that's fine because that's, like, that's where you go if you want the quick stuff. That's what we do anyway. Quick note here before we dive in on a big show. I wanna remind everybody that baseball season is upon us. If any of you that listen to the show, follow baseball, please go listen to my good buddy, Joe's show. It's Fantasy MLB today. Easy. Right? This is Fantasy NBA Today. It's Fantasy MLB today. That is available on all normal platforms. Some of them episodes also showing up here on the YouTube page. And go check out the baseball draft guide, which is available in the baseball fantasy pass or the all sport pass, which is by probably my top suggestion since many of you have the NBA one. Anyway, we're gonna be talking about and you can see this on your screen. In fact, we'll make it just a little bit bigger for you. There we go. So week 21 in review. You guys can tell me it's week 20. It's not. It's period 20. But remember 2 weeks got combined over the all star break. This is actually the 21st week of the NBA season, so I'm just going by chunks of 7. K? Keeping it simple. No weirdness for scheduling quirks. It's gonna focus mostly on the, the games over the last 4 to 5 days. They might creep into the last weekend, but more than anything, I wanna remind everybody, this show, as all of our recap shows, is not about schedules. That's what the other show is for. This show is about guys you can potentially hold for extreme, small, you know, short length production, rest of season guys, things of that nature. If you're looking for your quick hitter streamer, that's our other daily show. That's why I did 2 shows every single day this week and last week, come to think of it. And a reminder, of course, to follow me on Twitter at Dan Vesperis, follow ethosfantasybk, and like, rate, and subscribe, especially if you're new. There's always one new person. That's the way I try to treat every single podcast episode. So please, if you're new, subscribe. If you're old or new, hit the like button on Twitter, on YouTube, whatever. Write the rate the show. That all goes a long way. Let's get into the ads. This is your favorite thing of the week, so we'll break these suckers down. Matisse Thiebel. Matisse Thiebel. And, yes, obviously, some of this has to do with games when Jeremy Grant is out, games when Anthony Simons is out, games where Malcolm Brogdon continues to be out. Well, I get it. Player, Shaden Sharp. You know, Portland's got a lot of guys that rotated into and out of the lineup. But here's the thing. Now that they've fully embraced the tank, things often change in just the way a team plays basketball. It gets more open. They don't play much in the way of, like, legitimate defense. Guys are not gonna sell out and take a bunch of charges when they know their team isn't really trying all that hard to win. So what you're gonna get is this weird flip, and it happens every year with teams that are tanking. And, frankly, it happens a lot just at the end of a season because you get closer you get to the end of the season, the more teams that have basically given up on the year, and you start to see players say, oh, they're still trying out there. Yeah. But it's just a slightly different kind of try. And I say this because it reflects favorably on guys who get big time fantasy stats in junk ball. So for Thiebel, a guy who I mean, this is a doo doo in starters minutes can average 4 defensive stats. Even when a game kinda matters a little bit, he can average over 3. But once the games get so wooly like this, nobody's taking care of the basketball. Nobody really cares. No one's taking the blazers seriously. They're just gonna come in and throw it around, and they know they're gonna win at the end of the of, you know, 48 minutes. Diebel's gonna be getting steals and blocks at an even better rate than prior. The way that he pushes himself up the board farther is by hitting a 3 pointer or grabbing a rebound, and some of that stuff happens. Some of that stuff doesn't. Some of it has to do with the other guys that are on the court. But right now, just the way that Portland's playing games as a team, it's pretty easy for him to hit top 100 value almost on 2 categories alone. Ahman Thompson. He was a, probable ad when Alper and Changuon went down a week ago, about a week ago, a little bit less than that with an injury that now we know is keeping him out for the rest of the regular season. The assumption there was that Thompson would pick up at least 4 or 5 of the Shango minutes with the Rockets going smaller. Indeed, it looks like that's probably going to happen, and he has a an extremely robust fantasy game that now we're getting shown a little bit more. And we saw it a bit when, Freddie VanVleet was out. That was sort of like the, oh, I'm in Thompson. This guy can put up some damn fantasy stats. Well, Shangoon being out is creating the same ish not the same, slightly less, but a, similarly interesting is probably a better way to describe it, avenue. And so Thompson's someone that needs to be rostered everywhere. I generally feel the same way about. Now, obviously, if a couple guys come back for Portland, then maybe his job shrinks up a little bit, but it doesn't feels like like that's not gonna happen. Portland's given guys rest days all over the the place that that As long as is not one of the ones getting it anyway, Andrew Wiggins is a little bit farther down my board, but I do think he's an ad for Golden State. He's sort of a low end guy but belongs on rosters as he's now sort of gotten his legs back underneath him. Not my favorite if you don't wanna pick him up. Honestly, I don't care. And, frankly, maybe he belongs in the doesn't matter group that we talk about on the show now, guys that are just gonna sit between a 100a150. And there's almost no difference between them, and there's almost no difference if you play them or you don't. There's also a shot that this next name, Bruce Brown, also ends up in that group. But with Gary Trent out, I think Brown stays above that threshold. That means that there's enough shot, basically, field goal attempt available to where Bruce can be more than just 5 rebound, 5 assist, and hope for some other stuff, guy. It's now it's suddenly, okay. Well, you we're probably gonna get you 10 shots a ball game. When Trent comes back, I don't know. And maybe that's in a few hours. We'll get an update on the Raptors game here in the next hour and a half, probably. If Gary Trent is back, okay. Maybe Bruce Brown doesn't belong in a full, you know, all the way in ad. Maybe he becomes more of a watch list guy. But for right this moment, we don't we don't have an update on Gary Trent, so I'm gonna assume that he's out. And so Bruce Brown belongs on rosters while that's going on. So I'm gonna call him an ad because I think he might actually stick even after Gary comes back. Call it a 30% chance. That's reason to add a guy. Cam Johnson is on the ads board. He probably didn't get dropped in your league because he wasn't out off for all that long. But, you know, there are playoff leagues out there where guys that are hurt for a week, week and a half, whatever it is. They end up getting dropped. Cam's roster ship is down to 77. That's that's fallen pretty hard. So, again, odds are he's on a team. Odds are this is a name that won't matter to you. But if Cam Johnson got dropped, you better go out and look for him immediately. And then TJ McConnell is a really interesting one because he's not playing that much. And yet over the last month, he's number 85 in 19 minutes per ball game. 12 points, 5 assists, 1 point 3 steals. They're not asking him to do a whole lot more than that. Now if Haliburton happens to miss the game or if Nembhard misses a game, you'll probably see those minutes tick up, and then you sort of tap into the upside with McConnell. But really outside of one bad game, TJ has been pretty freaking good for about the last, oh, I don't know, dozen games in a row. He pretty much always gets you between 47 assists. He shoots a great percentage because he doesn't shoot 3 pointers, basically. He had one game earlier this year where he made, like, 4, 5, 3 pointers. Mostly, it's 0 or 1. His steals are always super high because he's just a a ball hawk. And, you know, keeping his minutes around 20 has actually been kinda good for TJ because it gives him the energy to go a little bigger every once in a while. He's had, you know, 1 or 2 games over this hot spell where he got 27 minutes, and he exploded in those games. But in the other ones, they're just like, go full motor, gets deals, run run run run run run, make some passes, get into the pain, hit those weird little baby jumpers, shoot 50% or better, and go get your sort of normal fantasy stats. And it's one of those things where, like, I kept looking at it like, how can this possibly hold? But I do think the Matherin injury has now played a role here. It's just opened up a handful of extra minutes that weren't there before, at least not regularly. So all of a sudden, McConnell's a guy that belongs on rosters, just in total. Couple of reminders, guys, that were on last week or the week before or both. Nasri, Daniel Gafford, Kelly Olynyk. Please do just a quick sweep through your league. Make sure those guys are on rosters. You know, 9 out of every 10 leagues, the answer is gonna be yes, but maybe you are in that one out of 10 leagues where one of those guys isn't. Somebody may have dropped Nasrid if you're in a playoff battle because he had 2 game week. Maybe someone forgot, assumed Gafford was on a team. Kelly Olynyk. People are still asking me on Twitter if they should use him as just a streaming slot. I don't know, man. Like, I don't know why this is still happening, but it happens from time to time. Again, you're gonna hear this, and you're gonna be like, nope. Not my league. And by and large, you're probably right, but just quick check it. Strong holds is the next name on the board. Trey Murphy, who finally had his first slow game in a while, but the Pelicans got blown out. There is a chicken and egg thing going on with Trey Murphy and Pelicans' good game versus Pelicans' bad game. He is sort of the barometer. If Trey Murphy's hot, they're destroying teams because they can space the floor. And if Trey Murphy's not, then everybody can collapse and the Pells get run out of the building. Like, there's no there's very little in between for that New Orleans club. Denny Avia is a stronghold, although I think he just got listed as questionable right before we went on air. Yes. And Tyus Jones, by the way, just got listed doubtful, so that'll open up something else down in Washington. Yeah. And you're gonna see more guys starting to get some rest on that team. They're moving into a, back to back, so I would assume these some of these guys sit 1 and play the other, whatever. Trey Mann, who's back for the Hornets, he was a stronghold while he was out. I I didn't think he was gonna be out for all that long, and now he's back. Grayson Allen, who never should've gotten dropped but did in some spots, he's a stronghold. Keontae George for Utah, especially now moving into a very good scheduling, pocket. Klay Thompson, maybe he belongs in the soft hold, but I'm gonna keep him because, you know, a guy that can hit 4 3 pointers a game is even if a lot of his stuff has been kind of annoying this year as he's aged very rapidly, there is something to be said for a guy that can go that level of elite in a category. Herb Jones, still a hold out in New Orleans. He's been very good, pretty much since Dyson Daniels went down. Asar Thompson, who's been battling a nasty flu all week, I expect him back at some point soon. There's just only so long a guy can be out with a cold or a flu bug unless they tell us something else is going on. Hold and then Gary Trent junior who's dealing with a groin thing. He's been questionable before every game that so far this week. He has got downgraded to doubtful, and then now we sort of hold our breath for tonight. He's a stronghold in any league where you can. He was putting up some very big numbers before he went down, and there's every reason to believe that those generally pick back up when he returns. Soft holds. Aaron Neesmith, Marvin Bagley, Vince Williams junior. These are sort of 3, 2 really different kinds of players. Neesmith is a soft hold because I do think with the minutes he's gonna get for Indiana, he probably does pretty reliably get to the top 100 range, and that's a guy that you should have on a roster. Even if just a few things don't break his way, he falls back into that doesn't matter group. I just with Neesmith, it feels like maybe a better than 5050 shot. He gets to the top end of that doesn't matter collection, which is basically a startable player. And then Bagley and Vince Williams, these guys are soft holds, but only because I don't really know when they're coming back. We've heard very little on either of them. Unfortunately, Rashaun Holmes is also out in Washington. That's his and Tristan Vukovich just came over, so maybe he ends up playing a little bit. In the meantime, I'm assuming Marvin Bag well, because I should rephrase that. I think Vince Williams is probably back at some point in the next week or 2. Bagley, I really don't know. He he might just be done for all we know. Try to hold a little bit longer. Basically, I'm trying to hold these guys until we get some sort of injury reporting on them. At that point, then we'll have a better idea of what to do. But without any kind of report, can't really do anything on it. Sorry. Lost in thought for a second there. Your Internet did not break. The I'm scared list, Derek Lively the second. Earlier this week, I said I thought he was gonna be kind of in that doesn't matter group, and I think I still stand by that particular valuation on Lively. It probably plays about 19, 20 minutes off the bench. Although if is out, then Lively moves a cut above that. If was in, Lively probably hangs out. He probably finishes in that, like, 120, 130, 140 range, which, again, you could start that. It wouldn't be the end of the world, but you could also not start it, and it wouldn't matter. These next 2 really make me sad. Needed a deep breath before it. Isaiah Hartenstein sadly is a drop, and it's the Achilles. It's not because I don't love Isaiah Hartenstein's fantasy game. You guys know that. We've been massive proponents of him for as long as we possibly could be. But in 19:20 minutes of all game, he's outside the top 150. He also doesn't really have his spring. So not only have the minutes been super low, but the blocks have tapered off, the steels have really tapered off, the rebounding is tapered off. Like, everything is just tapered with him. And in a lot of instances, more than what you'd think it would based on just a decrease of playing time. It's the decrease of playing time on top of the fact that he's just not as jumpy as he was when his Achilles wasn't perpetually sore. And for a while, the answer was to sit on Hartenstein with the hope that, hey. Maybe the Achilles gets better in the minutes that the, you know, the restrictor plate comes off, and he gets to play 27, 28, 29 minutes or whatever. But it just isn't happening. We are I think we're, like, 2 months into this thing now. That can't be right, can it? I mean, I don't think it's all that far off. When did the when did the minutes cap start getting instituted? No. I guess it was sort of, like, beginning of February. So it's like a month and a half at this point where the minutes just aren't there. He has a couple of games mixed in where his rebounds were alright. He doesn't have a steal and a block in his last 3 games combined, which yeah. I mean, that'll even out. He'll probably have a, you know, a 3 steal, 3 block game coming up, and we'll be pissed that we missed it. But, overall, he's just not the same guy, and it's frustrating as hell because he's awesome for fantasy when he's healthy. But he's not healthy. And we're at a part of the year now where you you just you can't sit on a player who's not doing stuff for you. And, sure, Roto, you could just squat on him the whole rest of the season, but there are gonna be a bunch of guys popping up here, silly season mode, that are just so much more fun to use a roster slot on. And the other one that makes me sad is Buddy Heald, who came into Philly and was just tearing the damn roof off the place, but also now he's just not even playing all that much. I guess that's not fair. He's playing some, but not nearly as much as you'd want. 21 minutes in the last ballgame off the bench? I mean, he's he's playing less than Kyle Lowry, which frankly feels a little bit dumb, but it is what it is right now. With healed, you could hang on a little bit longer if you wanted to just to see if this thing pivots back in the other direction. But Lively, I think he's a doesn't matter guy. Hartenstein, I think you could even call him a doesn't matter guy. Trace Jackson Davis is the other name here, liable to be dropped once Steph comes back, and Steph is targeting a return tomorrow, Saturday, in the warriors game against the Lakers. Trace Jackson Davis was getting a bonus run because the warriors wanted a rim runner, a big jumper alongside Chris Paul, who likely now slides back. I would assume Chris Paul comes back off the bench with see with, Steph coming back. So Chris Paul will probably play with Jackson Davis in those lineups, but they don't need him in the starting 5 anymore because they can go back to the sort of the Steph Clay space. The other guy is not providing much in the way of space, but Steph running pick and rolls with Draymond. Dre gets on the short roll, that kind of thing. It's that same stuff the warriors have been running forever, that Trace Jackson Davis, you know, passing, I'm sure will come along, but it's not really quite there yet. Big watch list coming up. But before we do, I wanted to rewelcome everybody to the show. A lot of viewers on Twitter right now, big, big number over there. It's been very cool. YouTube, I can see you guys are sort of still kinda trickling in. And I get it's Friday afternoon. So it's like, screw you, Dan. You're putting out a show end of workday, East Coast time. Yeah. I do shows when I can, people, when time allows. But I will ask all of you guys that have joining us here mid show or if you missed it earlier on, please follow me on Twitter at Danvespris, d a n b e s b r I s. And please go check out Fantasy MLB today to catch our baseball coverage as we pivot into baseball season. It's beginning in a matter like, 2 weeks from yesterday is opening the official opening night, Dodgers and Padres are in Korea next week. Yeah. Baseball's upon us. And, also, you know what else is upon us? These electric racers from our friends at MANSCAPED. I really cranked up the charm on that one, didn't I? Oh, yes. Big smile. No. You know what? That's that's stupid, because here's the thing. I actually really like their products. I really do. It's all I use for my facial grooming, which isn't great today, by the way, so it's not a particularly strong, spokesperson for MANSCAPED today. But in general, it is the only stuff I use. I use their lawnmower. That's the trimmer. The handyman I just held up on screen, that's the actual electric razor. I use the shears. That's the nail kit sitting right here on my desk just out of view of you guys. My hand is just pointing right down over here on the table. I no longer need anything else because I have all this stuff from MANSCAPED. It's awesome. And you can get it too with promo code ETHOS 20, ETHOS 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscaped.com. Hey. By the way, back at sportsethos.com, go check out a Fantasy Pass, Baseball Fantasy Pass, All Sport Fantasy Pass. Amazing deals running right now, and you get this the all the baseball draft guide stuff rolling up to your baseball draft. So go check that out. Relevant links are in the show description. Discord link is in there. Bandscape link is in there. ExpressVPN link is in there. My Twitter's in there. The Itunes is in there. All that stuff. Whatever you need. Show description. Go find it, and then please subscribe. God help me. I'm gonna get you to do it. Here's the watch list, and I'll pause on a few names where I deem necessary. Dillon Brooks is on the watch list because of Alper and Shangoon being out. We saw Brooks actually became fantasy playable when Van Vliet was down. He has hasn't quite taken the big usage mega bump with Shangoon out that I thought was possible, but it doesn't mean that it won't still happen. And then if Brooks starts taking 15, 16 shots a game, then he ends up on Fantasy rosters. If he doesn't, he doesn't. Great. Keep it businesslike. Slow Mo out in Minnesota, Kyle Anderson. I've had him perpetually on my watch list, and I had a number of people ask me why he wasn't an ad. And I'll say the same thing again that I said on that show earlier this week. He's just not he doesn't have the same job on this year's wolves roster that he had on last year's wolves roster. For whatever reason, the pieces fit differently, so he doesn't have to distribute as much. The steals and blocks haven't been as high. And without that stuff, then he's not a fantasy play, at least not in 12 teamers. Jordan Goodwin, if he starts, you start. I mean, actually, he was active for the last ballgame, but he came off the bench and didn't play all that much. So start if you if he starts, you start him on Goodwin. Santi Aldama, generally borderline playable when jjj is out. Otherwise, I don't think I'm doing it. Jake LaRavia is I mean, this watch list is all grizzlies for the next quarter, like, of the hour. Jake Jake LaRavia, who is pretty good at rebounding and getting steals but can't shoot, so makes him a pretty tough 12 teamer. Jon Conchar, who actually quietly has an amazing 9 category game, especially if you're punt points, but he's another guy we don't really if you know if he's playing every game. So, Trey Jamieson, backup to the backup big man, and that's all the Grizzlies I have on the board. It's scant 6 of them. Thing I said on yesterday's show that I'll repeat here for this weekly show, when it comes to the Grizz, you pretty much just have to wait until, like, an hour before the game to make your call if it's head to head at least. And then roto a lot of leagues, the moves are for the next day, so you can't even really do it. So what would you do in roto? Well, of the 6 names I just mentioned, you try to figure out the ones that you like the most, and you just squat on them until they're getting a start. So for me, that's Goodwin, that's Konchar, that's Luke Kennard. And if they have a start and enough guys are out around them, then I would use them for, you know, one game or whatever it is against the game's cap and say, alright. Maybe we can do this. Grant Williams is on the watch list. You could also probably put him on the doesn't matter club, although he's been better than that lately. So then the question is, is a cooldown coming? And I'm inclined to think the answer is yeah, but we haven't really seen it yet, and his role is staying relatively large. I mean, you know, a lot of guys have been out on Charlotte. I'm kinda whipping out with Grant Williams, and I'm okay with that. Doesn't hurt my feelings to know that I'm not really playing him all that much. Brandon Podgemski is on the watch list for me. He was streamable with Steph out, and he would have been on the injury replacement board. But now that we assume Steph is back tomorrow, Podgemski drops back from injury replacement to watch list. Rashaun Holmes is on the watch list only because of stat his health status. If Holmes is in, then you play him because that means he'd be starting. If Holmes is starting, then he has the the, well, like, easy one hundred range. That's that's a freaking no brainer. Their games are tomorrow Sunday, so we probably won't know more about Holmes until tomorrow. So you don't need to really worry about that today, but he is definitely a player to keep an eye on. Norman Powell, depending on what the Clippers do, it sounds like Kawhi is not missing this ball game, neither is Paul George. We don't know about James Harden, but as we saw in yesterday's game, Bones Hyland was actually the guy that stepped up and had a big role. Rui Hachimura is on the watch list in case he ever starts to rebound. I I mean, I don't expect it given what we've seen so far, but he is shooting the ball at an extraordinary clip. So if you add one more thing, then he'd be playable, but I don't think that one thing is coming. And here's some far reaching names. Jonathan Isaac. This is not a head to head move, but if ever there was a time to consider it in head to head, it would be right around now. Orlando plays every other day starting from Wednesday of this week, 2 days ago, until Saturday of next week. So the schedule is not particularly heavy, but they go today. They go Sunday. They go Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday of next week. If you are in a dogfight in threes and defensive stats, Jonathan Isaac could potentially help win you a week because no one else is gonna touch him because he's a disaster waiting to happen. But, again, he's liable to play in all of those ball games, and that's the thing you're really worried about with him. Aleksey Pokhachevsky is a watch list guy just to kinda see what his job looks like in Charlotte. He played a decent chunk of minutes in the last ball game, and he put up an okay fantasy line. But I gotta see that again and again and again, and probably, honestly, 2 or 3 more times from, like, alright. Fine. I buy it. I don't yet. I don't yet. But he has an interesting Fantasy game. We've known that for a while. When teams go into big time tanks, weird stuff happens. Keion Ellis out in Sacramento, although it sounds like all of the Kings' normal starters were participants in practice today, so So I would assume that Kean Ellis goes back to the bench, and then Joc Landale out of Houston is interesting as the backup center. His minutes have been around 26 in each of the 2 games since Shangoun went down, which is borderline, and that's why he's on the watch list. And now everybody's favorite page, ta da, the injury replacement board. This is actually my favorite page, even more so than the ads. The injury replacement board at this time of year has some, like, legitimate studs blended in on it. And for me, a guy who plays mostly roto, being able to isolate and play dude stepping into a giant role that just didn't have it prior to an injury happening, that's like gold. Because you can just pluck those guys off the waiver wire, throw a huge line into your lineup, and then move on 2 days later if you need to. It's roto streaming instead of head to head. Roto streaming is you're looking for the one game sample where a guy goes crazy. Head to head, you're looking for the guy who plays the most games in the fewest number of days even if they suck on half of them. You just want minutes. Roto, you want numbers. And so there are some big names on this list. The big names, of course, are Josh Hart, who's been dominating for a while now and continues to do so nearly at a 2020 triple double. Al Horford, who's been great with Porzingis sitting, Big Al putting up those nice numbers. Vasily Yamicic with Cody Martin out in Charlotte has been putting up some nice numbers. Duncan Robinson, Tim Hardaway Junior with Luca out. These are guys that are putting up, like, big fill in numbers. And then Bones Island actually had a way better than expected ball game with no Harden. I don't think it would be that good again, but felt like we needed to give him a shout out. And then there's sort of, like, the next tier down of injury replacement guys that are still putting up pretty good lines, but maybe trend a little bit closer to the maybe pile that doesn't matter pile. Kelly Oubre junior, Sam Houser, Peyton Pritchard, those guys, of course, with Boston playing back to backs against some really bad teams. So you'll see more guys than just Porzingis out for those. Nick Richards with the with Mark Williams out is very much kind of like an in betweener. Malik Beasley, who missed the last ballgame, but Middleton being out. Beasley's been an in betweener kinda guy. I know I started to slouch a little bit there. Let's stick let's let's sit back up again. Pat Beverley, if Middleton plus and last time it was Beasley, but if Dame sits, Pat Bev would be sort of a middling one. Dennis Schroder, I think, is middling now that Cam Thomas is back. George Niang is kinda middling with Max Struss out. Corey Kispert, I actually like a fair amount. He doesn't have a super robust 9 cat game. It's typically points threes on good percentages, which is kinda hard to get, but I like Kispert. You can put him at the top of this secondary group, and then Simone Fontecchio with Azar Thompson out because he, much like Kispert, doesn't have a super robust 9 category game, but does but does score and hit threes and get some steals, and so there's oftentimes enough there. It's just there's no guarantee that it's gonna be enough every day. And then the only name I think I skipped when I was kind of going out of order on this was Paul Reed, who I continue to look at and go, why am I so skeptical after I gave a glowing recommendation to this dude, and I just keep feeling like the other shoe's gonna drop? And he puts up good fantasy numbers, and even when his minutes were a little bit lower, he was still able to squeeze out a little bit of stuff. Something about Paul Reed just makes me nervous, and I can't put my finger on why. But that said, he's a start right now. Unquestionably, Paul Reed is a start right now. So nervous or not nervous, Dan, you better get over it because this is a guy that belongs in lineups. Quick check of the chat room, see if anybody brought any names up that I didn't talk about. We're not doing the, like, do I start this guy or the other guy? Someone says Trace Jackson is a stronghold. I I think I disagree on that one. I I but, you know, a lot of his big surge here was was without Steph. And as I said earlier on, I think you'll see him move more to that smaller reserve role. Although, did he earn himself a few more minutes? Maybe. I just think the Warriors are in a weird position because, you know, c p three is not gonna lose much in the way of minutes, and Wiggins is now ramped back up to normal minutes. And Clay's got his normal minutes, and Kuminga's got his normal minutes. And you just gotta slot Steph in, and you say, alright. Well, where where is it coming from? And it's gonna be, you know, a little bit from a couple different places. But, like, if you look at the last ballgame, you say, alright. Well, where you know, who got more minutes than usual? Kevon Looney played 17 minutes. Maybe that goes to maybe all of his minutes go to Trace Jackson Davis, who, again, like, 25 minutes for him doesn't seem likely to repeat itself. So I I disagree on the strong hold. If you really wanted to put him in soft hold, you could, but I would beg of you guys to look at in the numbers he was putting up in the games before Steph got hurt. And a couple in there where he started to get hot, and Steve Kerr tends to reward guys as they start to play a little bit better. But he I mean, we're talking about a guy who went a month without clearing 12 minutes ballgame, basically. So call it a soft hold if you want. That's as aggressive as I'm willing to get on Jackson Davis, who, the field goal percent is kind of floating him lately. He had a couple big blocks games mixed in, but he also had a couple games where he got none. So don't don't overextend yourself here. Even if he is what you'd call a a soft hold Over the 2 weeks without Steph, weakened weakened some odd. He's still yeah. I mean, these last couple where he's played 25, 26 minutes, he's been better, but he's also shot 33% at the foul line. He's actually outside the top 140 because of free throw shooting over that span. You say, oh, well, if you take that out, yeah, okay. Maybe. But he also is shooting 76% from the field over that stretch. 25 minutes 11 and 8 with 1.3 blocks. Could you call that sustainable? That part is if you don't worry about the percentages leveling off, and that's outside the top 100. Barely, but it is. So, I'd go as high as soft hold. What are the names that folks bring up that maybe I didn't? Kai Jones, not interested. Many names here that I didn't cover on today's show. Nikhil Alexander Walker? Nah. People are asking questions like I didn't do a whole thing at the very beginning of the show saying, this is not a streaming show. This episode is a weekend review show where if you're trying to figure out what to do with streaming, go listen to the other one. I went into a lot of details. Almost a half an hour on streaming because we talked about the weekend. We talked about early next week. We talked about which teams to isolate. It's all in there. I promise. Bad schedules, good schedules, pickups, drops, all that good stuff. This show is about the guys that I think can make an impact in that sort of 100 range or better versus outside of it. Are they schedule plays, or are they play them every day, guys? Are they hold through bad schedules? Is it that kind of thing? That's what these shows are about. These are the big overarching ones. And then in our other show right now, because we're in the playoffs, we do break them up into 2 episodes. That's where we really take the microscope to, okay, what guys are good enough now because their schedule volume is good enough? What guys aren't because their schedule volume is is trash? So I hope you guys are able to sort of come along for that little journey. Alright. Here we go. Set your lineups for tonight, everybody. I'm gonna try to get a show out to you tomorrow. Wait. Let me check my family calendar while I'm, right here on air. We're gonna flip through what's going on tomorrow? Oh, yeah. There's a bunch of stuff in the middle of the day, isn't there? Maybe I can get one going first thing in the morning. We'll figure it out. Throw my hands up in disgust. Either way, thanks so much for watching, everyone. I hope you guys are continuing to subscribe. Let's continue to grow this thing. Likes are good. Subscribes are good. Follows are good. We're towards the end of the season, so I realize this is a weird time. We're, like, almost exactly 1 month away now, aren't we? April 14th. Yeah. Less than a month away from the end of the regular season. Hang in there, everybody. Four and a half weeks left. Maybe your season's ending this week. Maybe it's ending next week. Maybe you're getting into your playoffs now. We're gonna keep trying to usher you through. And the second that season ends, we go right back into off season stuff. I'm not ready. I don't wanna do a long off season. It's so long. I'll be like, Dan, take up Fantasy Baseball. No. No. I will play recreationally in a free league, but when NBA is over, I can't. I just can't. I can't put my brain through that again. And not to say that I need the I don't need 6 months to recover, but I need, like, a month to recover. Meaning and you can't just, like, skip a month of Fantasy Baseball and still be kinda good at it. Alright. Wish my kid luck. He's got back to back little league games today and tomorrow. It's a rain makeup game. Yeah. It rained out here. It was stupid. I'm Dan Vasquez at Dan Vasquez. 1 and the same. This is Fantasy NBA Today. Sports ethos presentation. Hasta manana.