Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. So this week's got a little bit of a different feel to it. It's effectively a 5 day week, and really only 3 of them matter. So we got a little bit of a different plate. This is like the tapas week compared to the normal entree. Welcome to week 7. Weird week. Weird week 7. We gotta I need some sort of alliterative name for it. And for now, we're going with weird week 7. I am Dan Vasquez, and I am joined as always by the week analyzer, the stream master, the great Derek Ball. At d ball b ball on Twitter, I'm at Dan Vasquez. Derek, good day to you, sir. And, also, welcome to the first ever in season tournament, in the middle of of an NBA Fantasy season. Wee. Yeah. Dan and listeners, it's really good to be with you again. You know what? I think you're onto something with the Toppist tournament or, you know what, even wild week 7. Because I think just from a marketing perspective, it sounds a lot better than in season tournament. We do really need a name for this. Yeah. I've I've tried to roll with the whole NBA cup thing, but Yeah. I don't I mean, I like we all know that the first thing that pops into any adult's mind when you hear the word cup in relation to athletes is a jockstrap. So Yeah. We gotta go another way. I like wild 7. I like I like that you rolled it in a tapas tournament. That was sweet. I didn't intend for that when I called it tapas, but it is. We're, like, getting little entrees over the next well, 3 of the next 4 days effectively. And so let let's just dive straight on in here. First of all, again, you can find us on social. I just gave those a minute ago. It's Fantasy NBA Today. This is our week ahead episode. But this is gonna be the strangest and maybe the shortest one we've done because, Derek, and I don't mean to steal your thunder here, but there aren't that many days this week that matter. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, there's specifically, there's 3 days that matter. Yeah. There's really only, there's really only 5 games of actual basketball that's gonna count for fantasy purposes. I mean, we've already dealt with a couple of 6 game weeks, but this is even more, restricted. So, I mean, really, your options are limited if you don't get bug eyes. So what do you do then? Because my move was because last week ended on Saturday and we talked about this last week. We tried to kinda look ahead a little. I did a, a bit of what we discussed on last week's weekly preview, which was I had a move or 2 across my various head to head leagues, on Sunday, yesterday, and I used them to grab guys that we knew were playing either today or tomorrow, more specifically today, though. Mhmm. So I I feel like the best way for us to go through this, as opposed for me just saying, like, Derek, tell us the whole week, is for me to say, is there any I mean, is the very obvious answer to this question and I I it's short, which means, you know, we might get you out of here in, like, 3 and a half minutes today instead of 25. It's an episode for TikTok. Yeah. No. It's right. It's short. Is try to stream somebody today that you think is not only interesting, but also is on a team that could win. And then if that doesn't pan out, rinse and repeat tomorrow. Yeah. I mean, I think generally you got it right. I might kinda tweak it a little bit here just in terms of maximize the amount of games you can get since you don't really need to be conservative about your streams. I am completely doing away with my 2 and 3 rule, And I'm actually not really that worried about picking the winner on Monday, because I still have to dispense with the Tuesday games before I'm actually at a point where I could, actually lose games on the schedule. So what I might do is pick a Monday winner. If they win, that's great. And if they play well in that game, I might hold on to them. But I'm gonna be looking at the Tuesday, guys, because there's just as many games on Tuesday, just as many, meaning 2, 2, meaning that there's a lot of value added streaming to be going on there. I wouldn't be opposed to to flipping that Monday pickup, win or lose, for for a Tuesday guy. Then the trade off though would be that I want to pick a winner on Tuesday because I need that second game from that guy. I don't wanna take the chance. Are you streaming 1 to go back to the wire. Are you streaming 1 or 2 slots for this week? I mean, I think you only need to stream 1 spot this week. It's certainly possible to stream 2. You're gonna have a ton of options because there's no differentiators on the schedule, but you should be happy with your roster. And if you're not, I mean, you're you're filling in injuries. That's where I'm so that's where I'm getting stuck right now is if I'm streaming I think you're answering the question that I asked originally as if you're streaming 1, which is, like, look, there's only 3 days that we can even really bother to make moves this week. Obviously and then I've got 4 weekly moves, so I might as well just basically use 1 a day. Hell, you could use 1 a day Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. If you wanted to try to wedge someone in on Wednesday, I mean, you probably have a full schedule, but maybe you don't. Maybe you have a team that has, is laden with Celtics or Pacers or Lakers or any of these teams that are playing over the next 2 days. Maybe you aren't an overflow team on Wednesday. You will be almost definitely on Friday, but, you could end up using a move one move every single day, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. What about if you're trying to stream 2? Because, you know, you're a long streamer. We still haven't gotten this word fully into the lexicon, but we're gonna get there. Then it feels like there is an advantage to trying to find someone on a team that might win over the next 2 days. Right? Because then you can get them for both Monday slash Tuesday and Thursday on one move instead of 2 or 3. A 100%. Yeah. If you're a long streamer, you definitely wanna be picking out the winners there. So the you know, I'm not gonna give you advice on which team is gonna win every game, but I think there's a pretty good indication. If you look at the Vegas betting huts, You probably wanna be picking streamers from the teams that are leading the odds in Vegas right now, because you wanna make sure that you are actually able to be economical with those moves. Absolutely. Now the the only thing that I would be concerned with in that scenario is that you, as the manager that's making these moves, you might end up prioritizing that winning play over the quality production. There are some scenarios here where just adding the player that you think is gonna be on the winning team isn't necessarily a better move. Having said that, 2 games is very often better than 1, in almost any context when you're talking about streamer level players. So, managers are gonna have to be really aware of, you know, what those averages are. And, if one game of a player doesn't look as good as, 2 games, then, you have to be, you know I mean, it it's it's it's a big job. Yeah. But I mean, really do I mean, really? If you if you got, you know, the top bench player, maybe a 6th man of the year candidate versus the 10th man off the bench, if that 10th man is still going to mathematically have more production over a 2 game period versus the one, you still have to go with them. Mhmm. It might not be as good in paper. I mean, you know, it's probably not ideal to say that, we'll say a Peyton Pritchard might be a better stream than a TJ McConnell. But, you know, the honest to God truth is I think that Pritchard's gonna be on the team that wins. Yeah. I think it's gonna make a difference at the end of the day. Yeah. With Tyrese Halliburton still dealing with this illness. And, again, I I said on my other show, if these guys and it sounds like this is what's going through the teams is anything like the illness that I had for the entire month of November. They they tend to miss more than one game with it, and and everybody's, like, oh, their babies play through it. But, like, it was I was coughing up some serious mess, and you can't like, I could barely function in my day to day, and I'm just broadcasting games. You can't run up and down and guard NBA players and play this level of basketball if you are just stopping to cough every 25 seconds. And if that's what these guys have, they're in a a real bad spot. I mean, we'll see. Obviously, I think the Vegas line, if we're talking about lines, has the Celtics as something like a 5 5 and a half point road favorite, which basically is screaming they don't think Alberton's playing, but, obviously, anything can happen in the next couple I guess, it's, like, hour and a half or something like that. So let's do let's do this now. Now that we've kinda set things up as as where everybody's looking, you do have your 2 things. Wanna pre, give a shout out to, number 1, the week ahead piece at sports ethos. That's part of the Fantasy Pass. If folks have the Fantasy Pass, they need to be taking advantage of this using your article among the millions of other things you get with the, upgraded premium. But, also, as Dan, also the producer, flexes it up onto the screen, this is your thread to get folks ready for the week coming up. It doesn't have the detail of the week ahead article, but this is a good place to get folks started. And what we did last last week, Derek, was that you just kind of rolled through what folks should be looking for. Do you mind doing that again for us here since we have some time? Yeah. Absolutely. Ready to roll when you are. So, I mean, Monday, it's pretty obvious. You already got it up on the screen. You take the guys that are available that are that are gonna be playing a game. Usually, if you're talking about streaming, you wanna get that production in as soon as possible. So that Monday production, getting a streamer from a Boston, Indiana, New Orleans, or Sacramento is gonna be very important to to your chances. If there's only 4 teams playing on a day, then every single game you can add from Monday is going to be a difference maker, especially if you're in a head to head league. I already kinda touched on what I would be doing moving forward from Monday. I'm not exactly trying to plan who wins on Monday because I know there's another set of equally valuable games happening on the Tuesday, where you're gonna see the Lakers, the Bucks, the Knicks, and the Suns all face off. Now from that point moving forward, it is gonna be a lot more important to know who wins and who loses. Because from there, only the remaining teams in the NBA Cup, the in season tournament, the toppest tournament, the week 7 tournament, only the remaining teams are going to have value added streaming opportunities from Tuesday. Those teams are gonna qualify for the games on Thursday, which will lead to the Saturday finals that don't count for fantasy purposes. But for all intents and purposes, you wanna have the guys playing on the lowest volume game days. Anyone who's listening obviously has already noted that I've skipped over Wednesday Friday. The long story short, Wednesday Friday is everyone else is playing. If they're not in the tournament, if they've been eliminated, everyone else is playing. So you're not really gonna be looking to me for very valuable advice on these days because I'm the streaming guy. And you're probably not streaming on those days unless you are like me in one of my big money leagues right now, with the roster that's kinda loaded with those those 8 teams that are in the finals. You're probably not gonna have a lot of, a lot of room to to play with on Wednesday. And especially Friday, because the teams eliminated from our Monday, Tuesday games are added on to the Friday schedule and will face off with their fellow losers from their side of the bracket. Well, come So, really, it's just best player available on those 2 days. How much of an edge do you think teams get by having by just sort of locking into the teams that are in this tournament? It feels like it's a it's a substantial edge. If you have, I don't know, you know, 13 player roster, 10 starting spots, and you have, like, 6 guys just already playing today and tomorrow, that's a that's a massive lift. Even if you're even if you're short one guy on Wednesday, you could stream it in. Everybody else has got, you know, 11, 12. They're wasting the games on Wednesday. They only have 2, 3, maybe 4 guys going the next 2 days. I mean, just a little edge like that. And I so irritated at at the way schedules work right now. We're, like, trying to solve all the problems of head to head. And this week, I I feel like this week just makes them so much worse. Am I right to be this frustrated? I I don't know, man. Calm me down, I guess, is my my answer to that one. You calm me down. The typical complaint against head to head is that matchups are very often imbalanced between games played. I think this is one of the only weeks where you can kind of expect every team to be within, let's say Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. 3 or 4 games would be great if the other team is free. Though. 3 or 4 games on a 22 game a 100% big. Now it would it would depend on what those teams are trying to win. Of course, anyone who's heard me on any of these shows before is gonna know that I'm gonna start talking about high impact stats and efficiency right now because those are the things that are more controllable even if you're at a deficit in games played. So if you do look at the schedule and you do think that you're one of those teams that's gonna have a deficit or, heaven forbid you're playing against a team that is stacked within season tournament, players, then, then, yeah, you probably are going to be targeting those high impact categories and trying to claw back a win even if you're at a, you know, a statistical disadvantage in terms of counting stats, points, assists, rebounds. So, yeah, I mean, that's typically where I would look if I'm in that scenario. I do always tend to build my team so that they can be prepared for me to take that shift. Not everyone does build a team that way or just simply have that convenience of choice. But, where possible, I would advise people to do that. If not, and you are the sort of team that is both at a games play disadvantage and trying to win kind of, let's say, low impact categories or counting stats. Then, yeah, you're just gonna wanna try to add as many games as possible. You are streaming as aggressively as possible. You're not really looking into week 8. If you're trying to win this matchup, you need to make those aggressive moves. You need to make those tough choices on who to cut. You need to lean on your sports, eat those pros with your roster and try to figure out exactly who we should be trimming from that team, so that you can recover those games. Because if you are a SWAD that has historically won, let's say, 2 or 3 of those counting stats categories, whether it's points and assists, points and rebounds, rebounds assists, whatever combination is, you you you're gonna have to make sure that you are making a concerted effort to add specialists in those areas because, frankly, you're probably gonna have, some trouble finding the best possible producers on the waiver wire. This that I'm scrolling in the background for those that are watching, this is Derek's thread we were talking about on twitter slash x. You can find Derek again over there at d ball, b ball. We got a couple of questions actually that are related to the week ahead, so I'm gonna take this down and I'll pivot over to that one. This is from Mitsu in a daily roto league with no IL spot. Actually, this one's not really a weekly question. The next one was I got him flip flopped, but we'll answer both. Are you holding on to Jalen Johnson thinking of holding due to week 7 being so weird? My answer to this is I'm holding everywhere I possibly can because he was rolling top 50 before he got hurt. And top 50 guys are dudes that I think you stash, basically up to almost 2 months, is kind of the, like, going rate on those. I'm assuming you're holding on to him as well? A 100%. I would kind of phrase it a similar way. I would say stash until it hurts. You're gonna have to probably, you're gonna have to really feel that that spot being missing from your lineup before it's even worth looking at moving on from him. At worst, I would say float him in a trade. But, yeah, you can't just give up on that court that kind of value because you know as soon as a player like that goes to the wire, another team is gonna pick him up. This is the one that I meant to click on the first time around, but I got there. Roto lineups that lock for the week at 7 PM, so it's weekly roto. Would you start Patrick Williams, KCP, Eric Gordon, or Russell Westbrook this week? But at least we don't have to look up how many games they have. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. A 100%. A little bit less work? So you know what? That one's actually it's a tougher one than I might have originally thought because my instinct is historically to be, you know, to say that you should go with Eric Gordon here. I know that he's been dealing with some health issues. He was day to day over the weekend. So I'm gonna have to check his status to make sure before I commit to this. But right now, I'm looking at Eric Gordon or Patrick Williams. Patrick Williams has been pretty bad to start the season. I'll be completely honest with you. I haven't hesitated to take shots at him where possible, especially knowing that he's playing for a big raise coming up soon. Or at least he expects a big raise. Up until very recently, his play has not substantiated that. But very recently, his game has really, really elevated. And again, knowing that I'm that high impact stats guy, I love a player that can get me good production and steals, blocks, rebounds, and threes. Halliburton is in, by the way. Just got that Halliburton is in. He's in. Great now. That's gonna soften my my, my recommendation for a TJ McConnell stream, but let's just swap in Aaron instead because he's been playing really well for them as well. And with, Toppin kind of potentially on the shelf, I think that's a good sub. But I digress. I think Patrick Williams is going to be my choice just because right now, I I know that he's healthy, and I'm not quite clear on Gordon yet. KCP is more of a streamer for me despite his overall good numbers for the season. And Westbrook, I just don't like the inefficiency. No. Skeeter asks, does Dan answer questions during the stream? Well, so far. He just did. Yeah. That's right. Let's see. Best stashes for week 7 for a points league. I'm thinking Obi Toppin, Aaron Neesmith. Obi, by the way, was also ruled in just a moment ago. Okay. Not sure if there are any any other great minute bumps with Tyler Herro coming back. Did we get a hero is definitely back thing? I thought it was just a he's hoping to be back this week. I thought it was more of just an optimism thing, but I like I said, I missed some of the earlier or some of the more recent news. So No. Nothing in the last couple minutes other than the Pacers stuff. Mhmm. Yeah. I mean, Toppin's the one that I I think it's I agree with David here in this question. He's been getting more minutes. Jalen Smith is out. That's been part of the reason why. He's also been very hot, and we know Rick Carlisle likes to roll hot hand out there. I don't know what you could call a stash, though, for this week. Maybe I'm misinterpreting the question. Are you interpreting it a different way than I am? No. I think you, I think you kinda got it there. I think they're just kinda wondering maybe if there might be some players that are maybe in a buy low position that you could kinda hold on to with all things being equal. That'd be the only other way I could interpret it. Maybe we can get them to answer us again in the chat. Yeah. David, if you're there, you can maybe clear up some of our questions. Here's one from Ernest. Thoughts on stashing this week versus streaming like crazy. This is a good Mhmm. Forget the rest of this question. Sorry, Ernest. I'm actually wiping the other part of your question out, because Ernest is saying he only has Zion, of the teams playing in the quarterfinals, and his opponent has Jalen Brunson, Giannis Antetokounmpo, LeBron, and Brandon Ingram. Ouch, dude. 4 to 1 is a rough is a rough disadvantage to be at there. I mean, it's hard to like, you're obviously gonna be behind when Wednesday comes around. You could probably make the call well, no. It's too late. Because once you get to there, you've missed 2 days of streaming. I guess the question is who oh, he's oh, here. Wait a minute. I got more. Currently stashing Scoot Anderson and Pat Williams. I think I'm okay with streaming those spots, but also maybe I'm not as excited about them. Like, Scoot to me still feels like he's at least 2 months away from doing stuff. And then, Patrick Williams, you need almost definitely need LaVine gone, and then you probably need either Caruso or DeMar gone as well. I'd say try to compete. I mean, if you can stream 2 spots Yeah. You can catch up to the other dude. You could even pass him if he doesn't stream anybody. Well, I mean and that and that means that we're also assuming that he's gonna have a full lineup on Wednesday. I'm one of those teams that has a lot of players, at least in a couple of my leagues Good point. That are active on Monday, Tuesday. And now I'm trying to figure out who I am gonna roster on those Wednesdays. So, yeah, I mean, it's entirely possible to win those matchups. Yeah. You are gonna be at a disadvantage, but no, I don't think you should ever just throw in the towel on any matchup, especially if you're in a head to head league where every single category counts. You can't be in a position where you're sacrificing any categories. Playoffs matter. Your your tier your, your overall standings matter, and you you gotta claw for everything you can get. If you're gonna lose, you're gonna lose, but at least you're gonna do it the right way. There there is a way to get valuable players that are going to serve you beyond this week without completely throwing in the towel. I like it. Let me see if anything else has a weekly bent to it here. Most of these seem to be more overall type questions. So perhaps I'll scoot through those rapid fire towards the end of the show. What do you do with I got one more question for you, Derek. This is from my own brainzies. What do you do with oh, wait a minute. We got clarification from David Lee. Oh, he feels pretty good about winning this week, so he's looking to maybe stash towards the future. My only my feeling there is just bulls, basically. I don't know that I mean, how many other guys are really floating like, the only team where it feels like it's almost a guarantee that somebody steps into value is Chicago. Is there someone else? No question mark? Feel free to step in and step on me here if there's a team I'm Yeah. I mean, you're you're basically, you're looking at, lottery teams now. Some of those lottery teams, it's less clear exactly where the advantage might be. Like, I'm struggling to think about who might be, someone to stash from the Spurs, but I'm thinking about the Hornets, for example, as another team where there might be some, you know, some, potential boosts happening now that LaMelo Ball is out. I think last time I checked, Brandon Miller's roster rate was about 50%. So he's available in half of all leagues, and, he's probably gonna end up being one of the better scores in the rookie class. So if you're looking for a points at 3 streamer, I think, you know, there's some value there. Obviously, you've said the Bulls. I love Kobe White. I love Patrick Williams. There's a lot of talent there. So yeah. Absolutely. If, you know, players like that are available to stash and you're not concerned about winning, go for it. I was able to pick up Kelly Oubre junior, on Saturday of this week in one of my leagues. I've seen in some other leagues that, Nyako Okangwu for some reason is available. I've also heard recently that, apparently, Trey Trey Murphy is critically under rostered on ESPN. Thanks to my, my Twitter slash x follower that pointed that out for me, because that, I just thought, was absolutely insane. So, really, I'd have to see the the the wire in your league. But if they're in the starting lineup for any team, then they should be on a standard league roster, I think, at least for a short term period. What are you doing about Kristoff Porzingis? Because now he's saying he's hopeful to be back at some point later this week, but, like, if the if the Celtics this is a weekly decision, I guess. The Celtics have to win today for that to really be all that useful for somebody because, like, you could bench him in a weekly league, and you could still very easily fill out the other day. It's a confusing one to me. And then I guess how Orford is sort of the flip side of that. Like, is that a guy you started a weekly league? I I probably would because at least you know How Orford's getting this sort of game that's not on the overload day. What do you do in a situation like that where you have, like, one player may be coming back and how much it impacts the one that's filling in form? You know, if I'm being honest, I'm actually not really that into Porzingis right now. I saw the news about him coming out, kind of live when it happened. And I saw a couple of Boston beat writers that I followed just kind of going, please don't do the stupid thing. You know, a lot of people that that follow this team, they're they're very aware that this team is in a really good position to win a championship this year. And they need to sacrifice anything at the altar of winning the NBA championship. Even if that means maybe losing losing, some maybe decreasing their odds for the NBA Cup. They I I I think no matter what happens whether for these plays or not, I I think Horford's in a really good position to be still soaking up a lot of minutes because, even if Porzingis does play, he's not playing at a 100%. So a reliable veteran center like Horford who is not worrying about back to backs or an overloaded schedule, I think he's gonna be a really reliable option whether Porzingis is there or not. The truth is that if a player like Porzingis, who has top 25 percent potential is active, you kinda just have to put him in your in your lineup. Yeah. Yeah. If you're in a weekly, you got different, mess to deal with. Alright, Derek. I stretched this one out as long as I could, but that's the week ahead, man. There's it's a it's effectively a 4 day week for most folks, because Friday, everybody's playing except for Mhmm. 2 teams, or 4, actually, because the one that is it 4 or 2? It's 2. No. It's 4. 2 teams got a limit. So it's 4. 14 games on Friday is what you're trying to say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, Derek, we'll do one next week, and it'll be less weird. Yeah? Yeah. I think so. Alright. Oh, fun that I got for you. Yeah. Follow Derek on Twitter at d ballb ball. That that freaking great ass Twitter handle. He's also in our discord at d ballb ball, which I will make sure to throw that link up on the board at some point in here. DB. We DBs, we gotta stick together, not defensive backs. There ain't no no way I've got the height or or athleticism for that. We are first name, d's, last name, b's. Dan Bazvers and Derek Ball. I'm gonna do a couple more things just after he goes just for the record. You guys don't have to sign off yet. I'll just knock through a few of these bad boys. But, Derek, I'll see you in a week. Yes, sir. It's been real. We'll catch you next week. Yes. Enjoy them purple lights. Take care. We talked about those on last week's show. Hopefully, people remember what we discussed. I wanna get a couple of the weekly decisions going. I also wanna remind everybody very quickly here. Again, we talked about social at danvaspers@dballbball. Also, atethosfantasybk. The link to our Discord is get that in the chat room here for the show. It's also in the show's description for those of you that wanna find it over there. I just I let it sit on the board for a long time on my show earlier today, but we'll do a couple of questions here in the next few minutes, and that's when I'll take that down. So definitely come hunt us down over there. And make sure to use promo code ethos 20. Ethos20 over atmanscaped.com to get 20% off and free shipping on your order from the amazing folks at Manscaped to handle your male grooming needs. They used to be exclusively below the belt or at least that's how they positioned themselves. But now you can use it anywhere on your body, which you technically could before, but now they'll actually say it in the description. So you can use it on your face, your neck, your back, your chest, your arms, your legs, whatever whatever you wanna clean up. They got the products to do it. They got the handyman. If you wanna get in tight, they got the lawnmower. If you're going for the sideburn trimming, you've got, luxury nail kits. The whole the whole shlomile is freaking awesome over there. It's manscaped.com. Promocode again is ethos 20. Let's go through some of the tough weekly decisions. This I try to blitz through here after Derek signs off for the show. Tyrese Halliburton is in, so that makes that one a whole hell of a lot easier. Lowry Markkanen, we got ruled out on Saturday, so we have no update on him for Wednesday. He was ruled out a day in advance for the Saturday game, so I didn't feel like he was all that close. So I would be inclined to keep him on my bench. Interestingly here, Anthony Simons went through most of the blazers practice on Monday. I have no idea if that means he's gonna be going on Wednesday. I would certainly air on the side of caution even though Jeremy Granite is out, which means Simons comes back. He's immediately stepping into 20 shots a ball game. But you just can't roll the dice like that, especially on a week where every game is, like, 5 4 or 5 percent of your weekly production. That's way too much to leave on the table if you take a 0. LaMelo Ball's out a while longer, so you don't have to worry about that. Bam Adebayo was already ruled out for the heat road game in Toronto on Wednesday, 2 days ago. So that's, I mean, that's terrible diagnosis. That means that the hip is actually really starting to work up on him a little bit. So you gotta keep him on your bench this week. Again, anytime there's a question mark, somebody is on your bench. Kyrie Irving, Tim Hardaway junior, we're back at practice for the Mavericks, so I'd assume that means Kyrie is good to go for Wednesday Friday. Go ahead and get him in your lineup. Anthony Edwards, we don't really know. He practiced a bit on Monday. He's still considered day to day, which makes him questionable for their games on Wednesday and probably Friday. Anthony Edwards is a very tough dude. Questionable right now and practicing today with a game 2 days from now. I'm inclined to say he's probably startable. It feels like the game on Friday would be kind of a worst case scenario for him, but you probably have to grade it out as about 1 and a half ball games, and that's probably enough unless you have some magical option. But, again, you're not you're not subbing in somebody who has 4 games for somebody who has 1a half. You're subbing in somebody who has 2. So they have to be sort of, kind of, almost decent for that to make any sense this week. Tyler Herro was ruled out for at least one more no. That's not true. When was that report? He could be back this week. That's where we're at with Tyler Herro. Again, they play Wednesday, Friday because the heat are not in the in season tournament. I still think you have to keep him on your bench even if we end up getting that one wrong, which would stink. Obviously, he could show up and play 2 ball games, but I I have to believe they're also gonna not go super heavy on him in his 1st game back. Chris Paul, keep him on your bench. Again, we're not gonna get an update on him for a couple of days here. Alex Caruso, he left their last ball game. It didn't come back. You probably have to keep him on your bench even if he ends up these guys could all end up starting on Wednesday, but we just don't know. Same story for Zach LaVine. You gotta keep him on your bench because we just don't know. Eric Gordon, missed the Suns game on Saturday with an some knee soreness, and they play tomorrow, which makes me think he's probably not gonna be a part of that. He might. I don't think there's enough reason to start him. Most of the damage that Gordon's done this year has been with, multiple superstars out. Jeremy Grant is in concussion protocol. He is a bench guy this week. Do not start him because you might get a 0. And that's basically as far as you go with the kinda weekly question marks, especially since we just got a report that Obi Toppin is in. Jamal Murray, I guess, would be one you probably wanna leave on your bench. It just feels like they're gonna have to baby him a little bit. And then nobody else, I don't think, is really all that close to coming back. And if they are, they weren't that good anyway, because I'm already down into the 1 fifties at this point. And you're like, if somebody in the 1 fifties is not that close to going, then you ain't gonna start them. Let's blitz through some questions here. We did a few of them. Let's see. King says, hey, Dan. What range would should we buy low on Keegan Murray? Well, because his minutes have been sort of artificially deflated lately, and he's shooting 38 a half percent from the field. He's ranked 104. I would happily give anybody up to about number 80 for him right now in terms of a buy, so you can overpay a tiny bit. Because that field goal percent is not gonna stay at 38a half. I love the rebounds. I love the steals. I love the threes. I like the fact that he's actually getting half a block this year. I like the free throw percent. Field goal percent trend trends up, and everything's gonna float with it. So I think you can do it for that. What do we do with Asar Thompson in a points league? I wanna activate Bojan Bogdanovic, and I picked up Trey Murphy, so spots are tight. You might be stuck parting with Trey Murphy, who's gonna be better in 9 cat than he is in points leagues. And I don't know how you move on from Usar Thompson, who's eventually gonna get playing time again. But, yeah, it's a tight spot. If you drop Usar, someone's gonna pick him up. Mister Thompson I mean, everybody's gonna be looking at him. And if you drop Trey Murphy, people are gonna pick him up. I think Bojan is the only one that you absolutely positively must roster in points leagues out of the names that you just threw up on my board here. You might be stuck dropping either Murphy or Thompson. Is Trey Murphy a pickup in a points league? These questions go back to back. That's funny. Along with, Boyan, Derek Lively, and Andrew Wiggins. Based on your wire, I'm gonna say no. Because if Wiggins gets his finger healthy, he could be a points league. He's been a points league guy for a long time. Boian Bogdanovic is definitely someone I'd rather have over Trey Murphy. And then Derek Lively is a little bit less interesting in points league, but he's also pretty decent basketball player too right now. Is Jaime Aquez junior too good to be dropped in 9 Cat even though Tyler Herro's coming back soon? No. I think when Herro comes back, we're gonna see this sort of shift. Josh Richardson being out might give Haquez a little bit of a window, but he probably ends up being a drop after Hero gets back in there. But, again, we don't know if that's gonna happen Wednesday, Friday next week. It hasn't been settled yet. Should I drop a Saar Thompson and stash Marcus Smart instead in a points league? I don't know that I would drop somebody who's healthy for somebody who's not. Nah. Is Jalen Suggs a 10 team hold? Yes. Cool is available on waivers. How much would you spend? None. I don't actually think he's a must roster guy. He's shown me almost nothing to say that he is other than these rare games where he shoots, like, 6 for 7. He just doesn't have much usage. Who's the better pickup, Ben Simmons or Anthony Simons? Simons by a lot. And I wanna be very clear since these dudes have extraordinarily similar last names. I'm talking about the fellow with the first name, Anthony. I don't know that Ben Simmons plays again this year. Got an injection in his back. They're gonna reevaluate him in 2 weeks. My guess is they get to that reevaluation. It's gonna be like, oh, it's gonna be another 2 weeks. It's gonna be this whole thing and on and on and on and on. Is punting more viable on 12 teams or more? I'm in a 10 team league. It feels like there's an abundance of stats on the waivers. Yeah. I mean, you know, it it's easier to build a well rounded team at a 10 teamer because you get more great players. Ultimately, you're probably gonna have to punt something because everybody's gonna have a bunch of really good players. I think you kinda have to punt in most formats. You probably have more flexibility the shallower the league is. So your question is accurate. You don't it's not as necessary in a 10 teamer, but I think, ultimately, you're probably gonna have to give up on something. But maybe it's easier to just pick, say, one category to be kind of not great at. Let's see. We already answered a question about hakez. Hey, Dan. Do you think Duncan is still relevant for another game or 2? I'm assuming that means Duncan Robinson. Again, I still haven't seen that hero's definitely back on Wednesday. I know he wants to be, but we're not there yet. So, I'm gonna say yes on Duncan Robinson, but, well, no more on Wednesday. Hivemind question. For weekly changes or lock league, so weekly league, is the number of games still king? I guess there's really no streaming in a weekly format. The answer is sort of. It's all a math game. You don't always start the 4 game guy over the 3 game guy. You basically just do your home math. What is the 4 game guy average? Multiply that basically just do your home math. What is the 4 game guy average? Multiply that by 4 and assume that his 4 game output is gonna be ballpark near what you get with that simple math. Same story for the 3 game guy. So if you don't got a 3 gamer who's, like, a top 60 versus a 4 gamer who's, like, top 90, you probably go with the 4 gamer in that spot. But if it's, like, a 3 gamer who's number 25 and the 4 gamer's number 90, you probably stick with the 3 gamer because you're just adding it up. It's just a summation. You're just summing game productions. Points league. Should I stash Jalen Johnson? Yeah. I think I would try to. What would a Derek Lively sell high be? You're not gonna get that much for him right now because some people are still not sold on him. Just enjoy it. Should I trade away Jaylen Brown for Jaren Jackson in a points league? Nah. I think I'd stick with Jaylen Brown. Just safer in points league. 9 cat, I might. But you're you can get him for cheaper than that. Should I trade my Freddy VanVleet for Desjontae Murray? I need a steals and points boost. Sure. Why not? That's relatively fair. Marcus Smart or Trey Murphy in a points league? Probably Marcus Smart for the assist and steals. Guess we'll see what that team looks like when Jah comes back. I would lean Marcus Smart. Category league, it might actually be Trey Murphy. I just traded Cade, Chet, and Dilo for Aliburton and Kristoff Porzingis. Did I win or lose? Well, let's see. Chet is probably your best yeah. You won. You won that one. Then somebody says, should I take j j j for Jaylen Brown? Are you guys trading with each other? I already answered that one. Should I drop Scoot Henderson to stream Obi Toppin? Probably. Zach LaVine or Paolo Banchero? Points leagues, it's Paolo. Category leagues, it's LaVine. Hey, Dan. Couple of rest of season questions. Trey Murphy, Cam Johnson, Keegan Murray. Out of those 3, let's see. I'll go, Cam over Keegan over Trey, and then the second grouping, Derek Lively, Anya Keo Okangwu, Mitchell Robinson. I'll go Mitchell Robinson over Lively over Okangwu. Unless something happens to Clint Capela, then I reserve the right to go back and change that one around. There's an asterisk on that second question. And I just got a trade of my DeRozan and Kyle Kuzma for LaVine, Garland, and Keegan Murray. Yeah. I mean, I I actually don't mind that at all. Garland is a buy low. Keegan's a buy low. LaVine is a buy low. Kuz is a sell high, and DeRozan is just sort of is who he is. I'm okay with that. Some of those buy lows are gonna pan out. What makes someone a dramatically better category player versus points league? Well, points leagues typically now ESPN, I know, has instituted some sort of penalties for being inefficient. But, typically, a lot of points leagues don't care that much about field goal, free throw percent, or turnovers. So someone like a Kyle Kuzma or Russell Westbrook, these guys that stink at turnovers and percentages, those guys have a lot value in points leagues. Now Kuzma this year has been good enough to have value in 9 cat as well, but 9 cat players are often guys who can do stuff in the 6 categories that matter the most in points leagues, but also tend to be a little more efficient. Not turning them all over all the time, not missing a ton of shots, not missing a ton of free throw free throws, and that's what kinda separates the 2. Rest of season thoughts on Trey Murphy. I assume that's Jalen Johnson and Malcolm Brogdon in a points league. Jalen Johnson feels like the winner there. Brogden in the short term is your winner there. And then, Trey Murphy's probably my lowest in a points league of those 3. And I need to drop 1, Omer Yurtsevin, Bismak Biyombo, or Goga Bitadze. It's it's Biyombo. I don't I don't like his fantasy game to begin with. So he gave me an opportune opportunity to drop him, and I shall take it. 40 minutes and out. You guys have 50 minutes, I think. An hour to set your lineups. Let's go make sure we got everybody where we want them. Make those streaming decisions now. Again, just like Derek was telling you earlier, you can use some moves today and tomorrow if you want. I do think there's value in trying to pick players on the teams that could win because if you do today, you could choose a different slot on your roster to stream tomorrow. You could actually get 2, even 3 streaming slots if you can choose right, basically. Pick the winners, pick streaming level players on the winning teams, and those guys will roll you right through Thursday. Now you might wanna get rid of one of those dudes on Friday as well. This is a point of reference because maybe you don't actually have a full roster if you have this many guys that are going today and tomorrow. But if you can get a big game's advantage today, tomorrow, that can carry you through the week. Because, again, just a 5 day week, and Friday, everybody's playing. So it's almost like a 4 day week. Let's go get them. Anthony Edwards, really a pleasure to host you, Minnesota Timberwolves superstar Anthony Edwards. D'Lo has been on a hot streak. What would a sell high win look like? Top 50 or 60? I don't think you're gonna get top 50 or 60 for D'Lo. He's around 60 right now. In fact, I think he's exactly 60 on basketball monster. That's, like, the highest range you could probably get back unless you went for somebody who has a small name guy in there like a Max Strouse, but I don't know that that's the thing you should really be hunting for anyway. Maybe look for someone who's ranked a little bit behind D'Angelo Russell that you think moves up the board, like maybe a DeMar DeRozan, Zach LaVine, Nikola Vucevic. These bulls guys are all by lows right now. That might be a target, sorta. Would you drop Deandre Hunter for PJ Washington? Yeah. I got no problem with that. And what about a trade target for Anthony Davis? Meaning, like, what would it take to get him, or what do you wanna get back for him? Because, no one's gonna trust him. If you're trying to trade him away, everybody else in your league likely was like, no. I don't really want that dude because they were terrified of how many games he was gonna miss. So you're not gonna get anything other than, like, a late 1st rounder basically where he was drafted and even though he's outperforming that right now. If you're trying to get Anthony Davis, the team that has him probably isn't gonna trade him. You should probably just assume Anthony Davis ain't getting traded in fantasy right now. Draymond Green or Austin Reeves? I'll go Austin Reeves. And I will also go out of here. Aw. Twitter made a boop in the background before I could get out. Thanks for watching our 2 shows today, everybody. I gotta go rest my voice for a little bit because I've been yelling a bunch. Thanks to Derek at d ball b ball. I'm at Dan Vespers. We'll see you guys over on social. Set those lineups, and we'll see you tomorrow. Hopefully, a 2 for Tuesday. We'll see. We might have some by lows to go over. That's a weird week, though, so not much in the way of recap. Anyway, Anyway, we'll figure it out. See you later, everybody.