Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Ladies and gentlemen, it is time for our week in review show. Always a crowd pleasing favorite. I am your host, Dan Besperis, and I apologize. This one getting started a little bit later than I had planned on today. But it's a busy morning. Had some calls going on. First thing today, we got, some very interesting stuff in the works for the sports ethos pod division. Massive announcement likely coming as soon as next week. We didn't wanna give any of this away, but we're really, really excited about what the, future holds with the pod division. Had to get that sorted out. Had some other stuff to take care of on the home front. Had some threads, of course, to do on Twitter, not on threads. Get my nomenclature right. We can review stuff. I'd like to get that out there on social so everybody can kinda see the teaser version, then they come over here, I hope. Watch the show, get the, the full description, the full battery of analysis that goes with it. Please do take a moment to find me over on social at danbesbris if you're new to the proceedings. It's at danbesbris. This is a sports Ethos presentation. Sports, e t h o s is the website. The news feed is ethos fantasybk, and, of course, come hang with us in our sports ethos Discord. Link for that is in the show description. You know basically how these Friday shows go. It's become, kind of a repeating event over the last couple of seasons. This is, I think, the best way to kinda go through and try to hit on everything that's been going on in the NBA. There's no perfect way to do it, admittedly, and it's still not clear exactly how I wanna fit my face and the names on the board. I changed it around week to week because I do all of this stuff on StreamYard, and I'm not skilled enough to do all the, actual, like, real encoder work that this should actually take. But we're gonna work our way through ads, drops, holds, watches, players. The injury replacement board is just astronomical right now. We'll have a couple buys, couple sells. Some of them will hearken back to our buy and sell shows from earlier in the week. I am likely to eliminate the, full weekend preview part of the show mostly because I find I'm just repeating the names that I already mentioned during this first much longer, much more in-depth segment. And we I mean, we pretty much cover every single play that we're gonna be looking at, so you you know what team they play on. And if you don't, you can Google it, and then you'll know what we're watching for when that particular team plays. So Fantasy Basketball weekend review thread. We're gonna cover the stories basically the past 7 days. It's really more if you wanted to isolate it more like the last 4 or 5 days, because things typically have changed from the weekend, as we get into now this midweek. And we'll start with the ads, because damn it, that's everyone's favorite place to start anyway. Biggest ad. I actually put these in a in not a specific order, but I did move one name to the top, and that name is Tari Eason, who might turn out to be a complete flop in the next game or 2. It's unclear. But I went out, and I put in pretty big bids on him anywhere that I could. Meaning, any place that had a a fab situation, so the Yahoo, public prize leagues. I went out and I dropped a few clams on him, and it might not pan out. I know we're only talking about 2 good ball games in a row, but they were 2 spectacular games. Good shooting, threes, missed his free throws. He went 2 for 5 at the foul line. That's frustrating. But 28 rebounds in those 2 games, 43 points, 3 steals, and a block. He is an outstanding rebounder, very good at getting steals. We saw some of this stuff last year where, again, he didn't play that many minutes, but he was actually a 1.8 defensive stats in 21 minutes a game last year. And so far this season, he was sort of dinking and doinking around the 17 and a half, 18 minute mark until these last two ball games where he exploded for 26 and then 27 minutes, and then we really finally got a chance to see his fantasy profile in action. Because we haven't really seen it to this point. He had had won, maybe 2 games you could call Fantasy serviceable, but he also hadn't cleared 22 minutes prior to these last 2 ball games. Can we necessarily extrapolate directly from what he did last year in 21 and a half minutes per game? No. Because there's sort of a stat acquisition arc that players typically hit, which is like, okay. You know, if they're in a game for 10 minutes, they're gonna go nutso for 10 minutes, but it's not gonna be enough. And, you know, 20 minutes, they probably still have the adrenaline and energy to go full bore. Once guys start getting into the high twenties, low thirties, then they have to sort of throttle back every now and again, learn how to budget their time on a basketball court. But, again, first of all, 2nd year player. So some of that, like, can't budget myself stuff that typically hits rookies a little harder. Maybe that won't be quite as big of a deal. And secondarily, we saw last year when there were games where Easton got 25, 26 minutes, he was inside the top 100. So we've seen him do it. And, yes, the steals and blocks, they do tend to level off a little bit. The rebounds don't really. You know, if you're on a basketball court and you're a good rebounder, you're gonna get rebounds. That's what he does. 7 rebounds a game this year in 19 and a half minutes. Last year, he was at 6 rebounds in 21. Again, there's gonna be sort of a a balancing of that. But if he gets to 25, 26, 27 minutes, you're looking at a guy that could very reasonably get to 8 rebounds a ball game. That's a big number. Steals are gonna be good. Would not be at all surprised to see that as a number that's well over 1. Actually, weirdly, this season has blocks been better than steals. That probably levels off. Shot 75% of the free throw line last year, so his 59% this season also feels like a number that probably gets better as the sample size gets bigger. I see no real downside to this. If it doesn't pan out, we can move on. But if it does, you're talking about a guy that, you know, if he starts to take Dillon Brooks' minutes at any point, seems less likely than maybe taking Jalen Green's minutes or just being sort of, like, the primary bench dude on a team that frankly doesn't use their bench very much. There's a there's a big avenue. There's a nice open road if he wants to try to get to 25 or more minutes a game. It's very doable. Naz Reed is the next name on the ads list. I think he was on the ads board last week. Or if he wasn't on the ads board, he was on the injury replacement board. I had to upgrade him to what is effectively like a heater ads board. I don't have that subdivision here on my, remedial Microsoft Word presentation. He's a heater ad. He's on a serious heater right now. Anthony Edwards came back, so did Jaden McDaniels. Didn't matter. Nas just kept draining buckets. He just going buckets right now. There were buckets for him to get when Anthony Edwards was out. Edwards came back. He just went and he took somebody else's buckets instead. So this one's a simple analysis. We love Nas Reed's fantasy game when he's confident and he's getting minutes. And when he's confident, he gets minutes. When he gets minutes, he's more confident. It does sort of create this positive and then eventually a negative feedback loop where if he gets less confident, the minutes go down and then so on and so forth until you hit this sort of, again, this up and down, this wave of value for Nas who probably you could just start every game the rest of the year, and you probably get a guy that's in that, like, 120 some odd range when everything comes settling in, but he's been so good lately. He's pushed himself back up to the edge of the top 100. It'll go through a down spell where he falls back to 130, and he'll come back up to 95 or a 100 and so on and so forth. And, again, that's a guy that you can play nightly, but it also feels like sort of the modern way that we play Fantasy NBA, that's feels more like a guy that you play when he's hot, and you don't when he's not. I'm gonna go out of order from what folks are reading on their screen, but those listening won't care. Jonathan Kuminga is the next name on the board. He's also a, I would call him kind of a priority ad. Again, we don't have the the, you know, rest of season mapped out for Kuminga, and he has free throw issues, and he doesn't get as many steals and blocks as we'd want. But it seems like the warriors are finally saying, we gotta try something because our old guys are getting just smoked, particularly Andrew Wiggins, mostly Klay Thompson too until he had his sort of big ball game yesterday. And now Draymond Green is suspended indefinitely. Kuminga was already getting more minutes even before the Draymond suspension. Now he's going to have those they almost have no choice even if he has a a, you know, a poor decision making stretch where in the past, he probably would have gotten yanked. They don't really have much of a choice. My hope with Kuminga is that we will get better defensive stats than we've gotten in sort of the smaller sample size that this season has brought. Because, you know, he's played pretty good minutes his last, call it, 3 ball games in a row. He had a good second half, the one before that. But we're we're talking about, like, maybe 3 and change ball games. He had foul trouble in a few of them. That's seemingly going to be a small issue for him. He's not a big steals and blocks guy, but last year, he was at 1.1 combined in 21 minutes, which, again, not that good. But the hope is that if his minutes now trend up into the 20 8 range, which he's been at 2 of the last 3 ball games, could that then increase his steals and blocks by 20, 30 some odd percent? So could 1.1 from last year, he's at 0.9 this season, by the way, in basically the same number of minutes. We could probably just round it up to 1 or round it down to 1 if you talk about last year. Could one become, you know, 1.2 or 1.3 consistently combined? Could it be, you know, point 8 steals and point 5 blocks? Could it be point 9 steals and point 4 blocks? Point 9 steals, point 5 blocks, or point 6? Like, is there a way for him to get that combined number from the one to more like the 1.3 to 1.5 range? That would be colossal for his fantasy value, because, unfortunately, he he is a guy that gets to the foul line, and he is a guy that sucks there. That's the big downside with Kuminga. I still think he's a priority add, but if you're trying to win free throw percent, he's gonna hurt you. And that's gonna make it hard for him to be inside the top 100 when you have that sort of one medium size negative stat. You need to have a few medium size positives to counterweight it. And I I don't know that I see the actual category where he can be that medium size positive. Maybe rebounds? But, again, Dandu Moc, defensively, he's gonna score a little, but they're not gonna be relying on him to score. They still have Steph, and, hopefully, Klay is coming back around, and c p 3 will be orchestrating some stuff and blah blah blah. You know, different guys will be rotating in 15, 16 points. That would be pretty good for him, but that's still not a big positive. That's a small positive. So I like Kuminga. I think he's an ad to see how this thing plays out, but I also wanna sort of temper our expectations because from a 9 cat perspective, his fantasy game is not that great. It feels like it should be, because you watch him play, and you're, like, isn't this guy gonna get steals and blocks? Look at him flying around. No, not really. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Oh, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Couple of stashes that I wanna go over here in the ads department. One of them is an active stash. That's Scoot Henderson. We talked about him for the 1st 2 months of the season. We're almost 2 months in now as someone that you knew was going to be bad for a while. He's showing signs of starting to figure out the NBA game. Now, obviously, one good ballgame yesterday. He's had, like, 1 and a half, 1 3 quarters ish, pretty good ballgames. It's still gonna be very up and down for Scoop. This is not like the beginning of a new era. He's going to have some games where he's absolutely terrible, and they'll probably be sooner than later. So don't pick him up and be like, I'm ready to do Scoot the rest of the year. Understand you're picking him up on Roto. If he was on the wire, you're probably sitting on him like an injured player. But now that we're seeing some signs of him beginning to understand tempo, the sort of speed, the activity level of an NBA game, then you can see kind of the next steps to follow. It's getting that consistently. It's being able to do that against teams that are not dog doo on the defensive side. There's all these many steps along the way. He's hit the first. And to me, that feels like someone with his, frankly, kind of infinite potential. Like, we all I don't think anybody's moving off of their scoots. Could be a really damn good basketball player valuation from preseason. He's just getting knocked around by the NBA for the first, you know, almost 2 months of the year, like all rookies that have responsibility do. Now it feels like we're close enough to say, alright. You know, head to head side. I'm a take the good with the bad because the good is gonna come. I'm gonna keep my team afloat even if he has some really bad ball games because we're, you know, 2 months out from our fantasy playoffs, and I I think he's gonna be really good by then. So let's do it. Roto, pick him up, treat him like an injured guy. You sit on him for a week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks, 4, whatever. Hopefully, he starts to get close enough to where you're not just that's not at no. On the roadside, you're sort of eating zeros at that point, but you guys catch my meaning. And then the other stash is an injured stash, and that's Marcus Smart, who, frankly, I probably should have dropped in, I only have him on one team, which feels like a bullet dodged there. But he ended up being out. I only said 3 to 5 weeks, I think, originally, and I thought, maybe we'll maybe we'll sneak away with 3. Nah. It's already been 4 and a little bit I think he's about to step up to 5 on 5, so he's close. Maybe that means back next week, which would basically be the 5 week mark. Frustrating. If you've been sitting on him this whole time, you just, you know, you deal with it because now you're close enough to to ride it out. He did get dropped in a lot of spots. Not everywhere. A lot. He's still 80% rostered in Yahoo leagues. But, I mean, you might as well go check your wire to see if he's floating around because then you go grab. And a decent follow-up question is, what does Marcus Smart's role look like with Ja Morant healthy? I'm not sure it's worse because, you know, Marcus was taking 11 shots at ballgame earlier this year. But when he takes a lot of shots, it actually does hurt his I mean, he's a big field goal percent negative guy. His turnovers were at 3.4, which is just a number you cannot accept when his assists were only at 5. I don't think that his assists changed that much when he's playing alongside Ja and Desmond Bane. I think the steals are gonna be really high. I think the assists are gonna be fine probably in this, you know, 4 and a half to 5 range. The turnover should come way down. Yeah. He probably doesn't take as many shots, but also the 3 point percentage probably ticks back up again. He was under 30% for the first time since 2,000 and probably ticks back up again. He was under 30% for the first time since 2016 this year. And there's a very real path for him to get to that sort of 90 to 100 range, and that's an all systems go kinda dude. So think you scoop them up. If he was dropped, again, not in all that many spots, and roll from there. Here's some hold players. Not that many on the holds board. Just four names. First one is Alex Caruso who I put on the holds board because it's I think it could be pretty reasonably argued that Alex Caruso is moving up into the most annoying player to roster on the day to day because he's hurt every damn ball game. He's hurt every damn ball game. He played, like, what, 4 and a half minutes, hit a couple of 3 pointers in the last one, and then just left, such as the Caruso cross to bear right now. I'm gonna hold on. I still have this fleeting hope that at some point, he's gonna get more upright. It may never happen, but I'm willing to take the shot a little bit longer. Malcolm Brogdon is a hold. He didn't play that many minutes in his last one. Most of the time, I think Portland will let him take the reins, but I I think they felt like Scoot was playing a good ball game, so they wanted to give him that opportunity. And they're a team that's not super worried about wins. But you're holding Brogdon just because he's gonna be a steadying influence there. I'm holding Kelly O'Bray junior while we wait to see what his role actually looks like when he's at full ramp up. We haven't even really seen that yet. They haven't needed him because the sixers have generally been playing teams that can't guard anyone, and so Joel Embiid is just putting up 40 burgers in the first half, and the game's over by then. I'd like to see a competitive ballgame and see what Kelly O'Bray gets to do. And then Herb Jones. And someone on Twitter was kind enough to say, you gotta tell people to hold Herb Jones. Yeah. Yeah. Because he's been really bad for the last 2 ballgames, and people freak out when low scoring types have bad games because they're like, oh god. I can't take zeros. Yeah. I mean, you know, you can because the overall body of work has been good enough. I know. We moved through the holds pretty quickly. Let's go to the next one. These are the I'm scared or nervous or drop players. There are 4, and they each probably require some sort of explanation. First name on the, board is Andrew Wiggins, who finally was demoted to the bench by the Golden State Warriors. He's been just absolutely terrible all season long. Warriors have played, what, 22, 23, 24 ball game, something like that, and he's been good in 2 of them. You cannot be good 10% of the time and expect to keep your job full time. So Wiggins to the bench. Brandon Podgemski into the starting lineup, or if you wanted to say Kuminga into the starting lineup, whatever they both came in, Wiggins went out. Draymond got suspended. Doesn't matter who you're replacing with who in your mind. I was holding Wiggins in some spots. I dropped him. I actually didn't okay. I lied. I I bent the truth. I did not draft him anywhere. I picked him up in 1 league, where he got dropped, and I have now subsequently dropped him in that league. So I'd say I can say I dropped him everywhere, but I only had him in one place, and it was only because he was on the wafer wire. The, he's off the bench now. So the minutes are no longer secure, and he was bad even with the minutes. He's not a rosterable player right now. Killian Hayes, I have as a probable drop. He's not one that you absolutely must drop immediately, but he's playing big minutes, and he's still outside the top one 60. And I get it. Guys are all real clustered together out there, but 9 points and 6 assists is not enough. And that's with him shooting the ball relatively well, so it could actually be worse. I don't see that other than, you know, Steele's spiking. I don't see that many ways for Killian Hayes to raise his Fantasy profile unless, you know, the whole team gets hurt all at the same time. So probably a drop. I know it's good to have a guard, kind of even a point guard playing starters minutes at the NBA level. That's something that you wanna at least give a shot, but we've kinda given him a shot. And we've given him a shot for a few years, and he just he just doesn't have have fantasy game. It's okay. We just don't have fantasy game. Here's one that I'm probably gonna get, pulled apart for. I think Jordan Poole is droppable. And you guys know this is a change of pace for me. I didn't draft him in any 9 category leagues. I wanna preface this discussion with he was a guy that I specifically said I was way too afraid to draft. Do You guys remember you probably don't. Way back in August, that's 4 months ago, man. Memories don't go back that far. What the hell? I mean, what do you think this is? Like, the 19 seventies? We got we got smartphones. I don't remember crap that happened 4 months ago. You guys remember back in August, the very first draft board came out, at Yahoo. And Jordan Poole was preranked in the sixties, and I thought, oh, that's intriguing. I think I may have even said those words. That's interesting. You know, if you're going in the sixties, now you're talking about a 6th rounder that has big time upside and big time downside. But you guys know the Dan Bashforth way. We don't take what I consider to be, like, eyes closed home run hacks until you get past the 3rd or 4th round. We just don't do it. And I I almost feel like I need to go on a a tangent here. Let's see if I remember to come back to that that tangential thought. So when Jordan Poole got pushed up into the early forties by mid October when we were doing our drafts, there was no freaking chance I was touching him there. That's a 4th rounder that could yeah. I mean, maybe if everything broke perfectly, he could have probably been a 3rd rounder, 9 cat, meaning you look at what he's doing right now, 14 and a half shots per game. Make that 20 instead of 14 and a half shots. Give him 5 and change assists instead of 3a half, and make the field goal percent, like, 44 instead of 40. So now you're talking about a guy that would have been scoring more like, you know, 25, 26 points per game, hitting 3 three pointers with 5 assists, big time free throw number. There's your upside. But we saw the downside with Golden State last season. He was playing basically full minutes off the bench on a team that was getting him really good looks, and he still wasn't inside the top 109, Cat. We always knew there was a big downside to him. So when he was going in the forties, that's why I stopped even looking at him. There was no chance. Sixties, I would've taken a shot. Forties, no way. Not when the other guys that were on the board were, like, guaranteed 60 or better floor type of dudes. And those are the guys that were going around where he was. Yeah. They probably didn't have the, oh my god. If this hits, they could be number 25 kind of appeal that perhaps he did. For some of those guys, it was like, oh, if this hits, they'll be, like, 7 slots ahead of where I drafted them. But that's okay. Because remember and this is the tangential thought I wanted to come back to. Because someone I, I put a thread out on Twitter or a post out on Twitter yesterday. I wanted people to remind me of some of my biggest misses over the years. I'm sure I've had some big ones. And, again, like, I'm not gonna write all of this stuff down, but someone came back and was just like, here's all the players you were too low on this season. Like, that's not really what I asked for, but it jogged my memory because they were like, you were too low on Scottie Barnes. Yeah. They're right about that, by the way. You were too low on LeBron James. So far, yes, he's having an efficiency season for the ages even though his usage is actually much lower than in seasons past. And, typically, usage is value. See how the whole season goes. So far, LeBron has been insane. I mean, expecting him to make a massive efficiency jump in his age 39 season. Okay? He's obviously a cyborg, but whatever. And they were like, Dan, you're making me miss out on all of the league winners this year. Like, wait just a second. Okay. I'll take the criticism on being too low on Scottie Barnes. I'll take the criticism on being, for now at least, too low on LeBron James. What I'm not gonna take the criticism for is missing out on league winners. That's baloney. Because where was LeBron going? LeBron was going at 25 to 30, and he's a mid second rounder, meaning he's jumped a half a round to a round. That's not a league winner. And you know who I was taking around that same spot? Kawhi Leonard, who's actually ranked ahead of LeBron so far this year and has played in I know. Knock on every piece of wood you can find and has actually played in more games. By 1, LeBron's been pretty healthy as well. I think he missed what? Missed their last ballgame. Did he miss 1 earlier or, like, half of a game earlier in the year? They've both been oddly healthy. So, like, take it easy there. Yeah. The Dan Besperth method sometimes misses out on the big swing type of guys. That's true. Because if I'm afraid they have significant downside, I'm not gonna tell you to take them in the 1st 3 or 4 rounds. I think that's a way that you could blow up your team on draft night. You can't win your draft. I mean, you can't win your league on draft night if you're in a competitive league. You just can't unless you're perfect. And that generally means meaning guys that hit or don't fail in the early part of the draft and then hits in the free swing in middle and late part of the draft. That's how that's, like, the only way you win your league on draft night. You don't win your league by taking a shot in the 3rd round. You can get a small boost because you taking a 3rd rounder that you know, like LeBron, let's say you took him at, like, 28, and he's number 16. That's good, but he's not winning your league. But what if it went the other way? Like a Jordan Poole. What if you took him at 39, and now he's a drop where you could have taken take an example of somebody who's like a plotting type that's been totally fine but not great. Like a Freddie VanVleet, who you took him in, call it the early 4th, and he's been an early 5th round player instead or something like that. You know, you took him at you took him at 37. He's number 48. That doesn't blow up your team. And that's again, now sometimes the Danvers method is going to find you some of these gems like Kawhi so far this year, like a Brook Lopez a little bit later. Not a good example because he's not in those first few rounds. We are trying not to lose our league in the first two to three rounds. It's why I only took LaMelo Ball in one spot. He didn't make sense as the number 11 pick if you were trying to win field goal percent. It's why I didn't take Jordan Poole in the 3rd or 4th round. There was way too much risk there. If you drafted Jordan Poole with your 3rd or 4th round pick, your team could still be in pretty good shape. Like, if you followed him up with Tyrese Maxey or Scottie Barnes or something like that, that's a way that you could sort of, like, trade effectively. You covered for a massive error. But if you didn't get one of those big leapers right behind him, if you drafted Jordan Poole relatively early, your team is probably in kind of rough shape or middling. Maybe say middling. I'm guessing those of you that that drafted Jordan Poole that are still near the top of the board probably took, like, maybe Chet right behind him or Maxey right behind him or Barnes pretty close behind. Because now you turned a 5th or 6th round guy into a first, that's the way you make up for a big hole. Now if you took those guys and you didn't take that big swing beforehand, I mean, that's how you end up with a powerhouse fantasy team. But all that to say, I'm I'm going in we're we're looping in in vast, erratic circles on today's show. All of that to say, if you want a show where I'm gonna tell you to take massive hacks in the 3rd 4th round, it's the wrong show. It's just not the way that I win fantasy fantasy leagues. I win fantasy leagues, and I hope that I can teach you guys how to win fantasy leagues by being relatively cautious early unless there is an absurd, absurd value on the board, which typically happens when older, more boring guys fall a little bit farther than they should. And that's happening in a bunch of spots. James Harden fell way farther than he should because there was confusion over whether he'd get traded. But come on. There was no way Philly was gonna let that hang over their season. If Harden was still there just gumming up the works, making everything a circus, that's how you lose Embiid too. They had to get him out quick. They did. They got him out quick. Kawhi, another example of someone that was going near 30 because everybody's like, oh, he's not gonna play in 55 games. Doesn't matter. It's per game, but his per game performance is ridiculous. It doesn't always result in a guy blowing past their number. Those are a couple of examples of where it did. But a lot of guys in this method end up pretty close to where they're drafted, and that's okay in the first 30 to 40 picks. That's okay. Take your hacks from 48 on, basically, or maybe a little before that. Alright. We went way off the rails there on Jordan Poole. Zach Collins is the next name on the I'm scared drop or or nervous board. I don't know that I would drop him just yet. Spurs have been sorta goofing around with their starting lineup, and Collins is not in it right now. And Wembley is going completely insane at center, which makes me think they might just see how it goes for a little bit. I you know, maybe they run into a Nikola Jokic, and they'll throw Zach Collins at him instead. But right now, Spurs are loving Wembley at the 5. And if that continues for, honestly, even 1 or 2 more games, I think we move on from Collins at that point. Because even when he was starting at center, he was sitting just outside the top 100, so it wasn't like he exploding draft or exploring fantasy boards. He was just decent, and I liked decent. But if anything went away, which it has, then he falls outside. Hey. We passed the 30 minute mark opportunity to remind all of you guys to check out our buddies atmanscaped.com. You know what I should do on these shows? I have the ability to, and I always forget to do it. I should probably do a better job of putting them up on the board. Let's see if I can do that quickly here. We're gonna share a screen. We're sharing MANSCAPED on our screen, and then we'll make so you can see. There is MANSCAPED. Look at that. They got a holiday sale that's 10% off the whole website, but I say to that because you know that you have Ethos 20 on your side. Promo code Ethos 20 gets you 20% and free shipping off the site. So don't don't go there and let them get you with the 10%. Make sure you use your 20. Nice thing is if those that are watching, you could see their products laid out before you. There's the travel bag over there on the left. There's the, handyman just to the right of the graphic in the middle. I love that thing. That I use that, again, I use that on my cheeks, like, before I go on these podcasts every day just to make sure there's no out of bounds markers. They've got, various, shaving oils and creams. They've got shampoo. They've got where's the where's the lawnmower 5 point o? I think that that's not the one right next to the the logo on the left. It's 2 over with, you know, double LED settings. Just incredible products at MANSCAPED. And they've been one of our partners for now 3 seasons, which is just amazing, and that probably means that you guys are buying stuff from them. Keep doing it. They keep coming out with cool new stuff or new models of old stuff. They don't even bother to have the shears up on the screen. That's the luxury nail kit, which, you know, I'll throw that up on the the screen here for you guys to see. Papow. And you can see it's magnetized. I've stuck the, nail clipper, bam, right to the outside of the pouch like that. Look at that. Look at that. That's sweet. There's a little flip right there. That's magnetized. This flip is magnetized. If I want, I could just pop it back in there. I should probably look at what I'm doing. Boom. Close it up. Back on the counter. Good to go. 20% off free shipping. Promo code is ethos 2zeroover@manscaped.com. Alright. Now I have to figure out how to get the, the all the stuff we were talking about back up on the screen. While I do that, make sure to go check out the, Discord link in the show description. And, again, I know new people are finding this, so please like the show, especially if you're new. But, also, everybody, please do that. Rate. If you're listening on a pod, subscribe no matter where you're taking in this stuff. That's the big one. Subscribe now, immediately, today, and find me on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. The watch list is next. By the way, I can see that there are 45 posts in the chat room. That's awesome. I hope you guys are helping each other out, because you guys know I'm probably not gonna get around to that. Watch list. So, when I put this list out on Twitter, like, 2 hours ago, Caris LeVert was on the watch list. And since that happened, we got news, unfortunately. Oh my god. The Cavs, the sky is falling in Cleveland. Yikes. 4 minutes ago, more news out of Cleveland. Oh, no, people. Maybe that's what everybody was just posting in the chat room. Oh, no. Absolutely terrible. Alright. Well, we gotta do Cleveland now because the news is just bad. Poor Cavaliers fans. Darius Garland is expected to miss several weeks with a fractured jaw. That was the news from, like, a half an hour ago when I was able to then update the board for this show to say that Darius Garland is now upgraded from a watch list guide to an injury replacement player. And then 4 minutes ago, news broke that Evan Mobley will be undergoing knee surgery and is likely to miss 6 to 8 weeks. Yikes. So, who does this help, by the way? Well, for 1, Caris LeVert, obviously, on the Darris Garland news. Max Strouse, this helps him a lot. He got more usage the last time Garland was out, and Mobley's been out for a little bit. Dean Wade's been playing, but he hasn't been doing anything. Basically, this means the Cavs are gonna have to change everything that they do when they operate. And I also worry that this might be a thing that says, maybe this just isn't our year. Maybe we should go try to get a whole bunch of stuff for Donovan Mitchell. But perhaps I'm getting out in front of my skis. I don't think I'm gonna be the only one to get out in front of his skis today on that, though. If this if this news if the Cavs over the next, call it, 3 weeks when we assume Garland is out for 2 to 3 weeks, If they lose a bunch of ball games and then Garland comes back and they keep losing games without Mobley, that might be the time to go get something for their prized asset in Donovan Mitchell. But we'll see. I don't think you have to make any moves yet with that in mind. The nice thing is Caris LeVert is the move regardless. So if Mitchell gets traded, then he stays in the money. So go get Caris LeVert wherever you can. This could extend beyond the the Darius Garland injury. And then as far as Mobley goes, it probably helps Jared Allen. I know he hasn't been all that great lately, but, like, they're gonna have to play him as many minutes at center as his body can handle. Hopefully, he doesn't break down in the process, but just absolutely brutal, brutal news for the cavaliers who lost 2 of their 3 best players, and, their season is in real trouble right now. Yikes. That sucks. That sucks. Sorry. Sorry, Cleveland fans. Iyo DeSouma is on the watch list. He has a good ballgame or had a good ballgame in his last time out. I don't think that's something that's gonna stick. Kelly Olynyk almost put him on the ads board. I just have no idea what the Jazz are doing with their starting 5 every ballgame. So I just don't really feel comfortable telling you all to add on Olinic if we could blink twice. And then he's just not at the starting 5 anymore. If he's in the starting 5, I think we can start a linic. I know he's been sort of, like, doing a Ben Simmons impersonation since he's moved into the starting 5. I just realized I have a misspelling in, Coolob Lee. I'm gonna fix that while we're on air because it's actually really upsetting to me, and it means I probably also have that misspelling on Twitter. Man, that's that's really that's crummy. You, you hate you hate to see it. Coolobili is on my watch list. I I just I really don't think that he's all the way there in redraft. I think that he maybe gets there when guys start getting shutting down. Jordan Poole is questionable for the Wizards' next ball game. Honestly, the it's with an injury, but he should be questionable for sucking. Jordan Poole has been so bad, and watching him play in that last ballgame was, like, a reason to turn off basketball. And it wasn't just that he, like, didn't look good at basketball. He just, like he wasn't paying attention to anything. He was floating. He was treating it like a practice drill, and teams were just ramming it down his throat. Anyway, so you might get a little run of here if Jordan Poole is hurt or if they just don't want him to play. But he needs somebody out in front of him to get enough shots. Malachi Branham's on the watch list. I don't think he's gonna do enough. Also his percentages stink, but keep an eye on it. Spurs are trying a bunch of crap. And then Josh Hart, because I cannot, for the life of me, figure out what he's gonna do on a night to night basis. He's been barely good enough to start for about the last month. So if you wanted to, you probably could, but the whole Josh Hart thing continues to confuse me, and so I'm just leaving him on the watch list for now. Oh my goodness. Here is the injury replacement board. It's a Dollywhomper. Here we go. I'm just gonna read them off, and I will okay. So let's do it this way. I'm gonna say the name of the player and who's out, and then I'm gonna let you know if they're a head to head, roto, or all formats player. K? That'll move us through this thing in a pretty good clip. Isaiah Hartenstein filling in for Mitchell Robinson, all formats. Duncan Robinson, filling in for Tyler Herro, all formats. Kyle Lowry, filling in also for Tyler Herro, all formats. Jaimee Haquez junior, kind of also filling in for Tyler Herro, but also probably a little bit Haywood Highsmith. He was all formats, and then he was sort of not, like, in between, and then he went back. I'd say head to head is the really safe play there. Teetering, coin flip on all formats for a hakez. Caleb Barton filling in for, Highsmith and Adebayo. He's an all formats guy right now. Kobe White's an obvious one. Zach LaVine since Zach LaVine went down, Kobe White went from top 180 to top 50. That's a big that's an Al Horford sized jump, all formats. Patrick Williams, LaVine, and Caruso out. I'm gonna go head to head only on him right now. Brandon Miller with LaMelo out, all formats. Sadik Bey with Jalen Johnson out, all formats. Nick Richards with Mark Williams out, all formats. Dante Exum with Kyrie and Josh Green out. I probably lean head to head only on that one. Tim Hardaway junior, same guys out for the Mavericks. I think you can go all formats there. Certainly better head to head than roto. I just think he probably hits enough 3 pointers on the roto side to cover up the ugly. So all formats. Colin Sexton with Jordan Clarkson and Keontae George out. We'll go all formats for him. Brandon Podgemski with Draymond out and Wiggins benched. I'm gonna go head to head only on Brandon, although I'm teetering on all formats. Head to head, yes, roto coin flip. Norman Powell with Paul George out. Although, I don't think they expect PG to miss much time, but Powell is I'd go head to head only on that one. Aussar Thompson with Jalen Duren and Marvin Bagley out. He is an all formats guy while those 2 are down. That's a lot of them, wasn't it? That was a lot. Here's some buys and sells. Some of these are repeat names, and we're not gonna go into huge detail on it because I talk about these guys, you know, 5, 6 minutes at a time on the buy low and sell high shows that we're doing every week. But some buy low names, DeMar DeRozan, because, again, like, at some point here, the free throw percent is going to get back where it needs. Field goal percent is gonna get back in the right direction. His value right now is only where it is because his percentages are not where they've been throughout his career. So you kinda have to just assume that that's gonna fix itself. Keegan Murray is a buy low, also percentages, but also just sort of, like, settling into health. Cam Johnson, still, I think, just folks expect him to I I I mean, he's a little bit boring. I get it. But, like, he's hovering in the eighties nineties for the year even though he's been more like a 50 to 80 type of guy the last, you know, 3 weeks to 4 weeks. So it's again, you're small margins on that one. Okangwu. Anya Okangwu. He's starting to play alongside Clint Capela. That's colossal. Go get him. Damian Lillard, who I still think that his field goal percent in particular is gonna tick back up. I also think at some point here, you're gonna see Giannis miss a game or 2 or just sort of throttle back for a game or 2, and Dame will will come on a tad. Bucks are still kinda figuring out how the pieces fit as Khris Middleton plays a little bit more. Sell highs. I've had him on every single sell high board since the 1st week of the year, and that is Kyle Kuzma, and you're running out of time because he's now down to number 86. Remember, he was in the fifties. He was in the forties, actually, after the 1st week, and then he was in the fifties for a little bit. It's just that the percentages are headed toward where we always knew they'd be. He's good at points, threes, assists from the power forward spot. Rebounds are fine, I guess. But he's a negative in a lot of stuff, and that's hard to overcome. And he's going to become a larger negative in those things, field goal, free throw in particular, as the season goes. Get out before it happens. You can still get a lot for him because he's scoring a ton. CJ McCollum, that's a pretty obvious one. I mean, he's he's having good ball games, but 2.3 combined defensive stats is, very high. Free throw percent is high. Maybe it's coming back. Also, the 1.3 turnovers is exceptionally low. He's just been playing damn near perfect basketball when he's been on the court, but we're also still only 12 games into his season, so things are about to pivot a little bit. We probably missed our window on the shade and sharp sell. I've had him on the last two sell boards, but now guys are coming back for Portland. And he had a bad ballgame yesterday, so we probably missed that window. But, you know, maybe somebody's still thinking he's gonna overcome the efficiency stuff, which he was able to when everybody was hurt, and he was playing 42 minutes and taking 20 shots a game. That's just not gonna happen as guys come back. And finally, Terry Rozier, and we talked about him at great length on our sell high show. He's, number 23 on the season right now, and a lot of that's because LaMelo balls out. He's at 7.6 assists, and he's shooting 48% from the field. These are just things that aren't gonna stick. Ussage is gonna I don't wanna say drop off a cliff, but it is going to take a pretty significant hit when LaMelo Ball comes back. Rozier has had plenty of seasons in Charlotte where he's been in that 40, 50 range. That's not out of the question. And right now, I think you could probably get someone back for him in that range. I would probably do it because there is still the fear that it gets worse than that for Rozier. The other, you know, dice you roll here is hope that he has 1 or 2 more gigantic ball games, and you might be able to sell for a tiny bit more. But if we get any news about LaMelo Ball coming back and you're a competitive league, someone's gonna see that and go, yeah. Sorry, dude. You know? I'm not gonna buy Terry Rozier if I'm not getting all of this extra stuff out of him. So see you later kinda thing. And that is your week in review. And as I mentioned, I don't think that there's a massive reason for us to look at what's upcoming if only because like, for example, if if we were gonna do the the weekend preview just as as a point of reference, you know, throw that on the board here, like Detroit Philly. We already talked about Kelly Oubre. We already talked about Aussard Thompson. We talked about Killian Hayes. What else, like, what else could I possibly tell you I'm watching in these ball games? We've talked about all the relevant players. Indy, we know. We're not we're not gonna take the power forward plunge. PFPs, baseball, that's, pitchers fielding their position. In, for Indiana, it's a power forward plunge. Washington, we already talked about like, we've covered all of these angles, and then I'm just repeating myself. So instead, what I'd like to do here at the tail end of the show, while I once again welcome the fact that we did now crest over the 100 live viewers, that's still very cool. It's really it it's incredibly flattering to me that we've only really been putting out actual video content on YouTube for 1 year, and we've already gotten to this point. And, obviously, I I owe some of that to the fact that we built up a really big following elsewhere, you know, traditional pod, Twitter, etcetera. And so a lot of you have been pretty willing to just kinda come over and hang out with us here on the YouTube side. But it's awesome. I'm like, I'm blown away. I don't know that this happened at all last year other than the trade deadline show, which, I mean, that one's always a ridiculous blast. One time we got up near a thousand, and that was like, I know big big YouTube pages, they do this stuff with their eyes closed. But this is still cool for me, especially considering that my backdrop is a 2020 sticker covered draft board and a bedroom behind that. Someday, I'll get a professional backdrop, but it won't be while we're paying rent in Los Angeles. What else we got going on? I mostly just wanna thank everybody for hanging out. Amazing work by all of you guys for helping each other in the chat room. That's really cool to see while I'm talking. I can just see that this chat room flying along. Thank you to everybody that's been liking and rating and subscribing on the show. Thank you to those that have gone and hunted me down on social at Dan Besperis. Thank you to those that have come to hang out with us in Discord. We did get a question yesterday, how to get, access to the pros over on Discord. Basically, you get a premium membership. You get a fantasy pass, and you tell someone you tell a mod in Discord, and they'll turn on some secret rooms for you. But, also, I wanna thank everybody that put comments on yesterday's podcast. I've been trying to make this point lately, and I keep forgetting to do it. I get email alerts when people post comments, not chat room, comments on the YouTube shows. Meaning, after the show is done live, when I sign off today, it'll get logged into the books. YouTube will finish, you know, doing whatever processing it needs to do, and then you can just leave a comment. So if you have a question in the chat room that maybe didn't get answered by other chatters or you want Dan to take a look at it, me, I'm speaking in the 3rd person now, I don't do it fast. I'm not gonna see the comment and then it just jump in there because I've got a 1,000 other things going on. But at some point in the following 24 hours, I do typically get to those. Ask anybody in the chat rooms or in the comments section. I get to them. So as you're watching this over the weekend, please take a moment to subscribe. And then if you have a question, use the comments box. I promise you, I will see it eventually. And with that, have an amazing weekend, everybody. We'll be back probably on Monday. Kids are on winter break as of, like, 15 minutes from now, so god help us all. We'll make it. Schedule's gonna be weird because the kids are gonna be home later into the day. We won't be able to start shows as early as we have been, but we'll get you guys all the stuff we've been doing to the best of our ability. Love you all. See you in a few days.