Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I'll fade the jams out the old fashioned way for this one. Sometimes I use the mixer, sometimes I do it by clicking very slowly down the volume bar on the screen. Today, I'm opting to click very slowly down the volume bar. Not that anybody cares nor should you. Welcome to the weekly preview week 6. I lost track of the numbers for a second there. I was gonna look at the graphic in the background and then our faces covered it up. I'm Dan Bespers. I am joined as always on the Monday afternoon. Look at the week ahead by a d ball, b ball, the great Derek Ball, hailing from the great white north. I I I I was contemplating whether I wanted to say something because some people are gonna be listening to the show after the fact. But Derek today is shrouded in a mysterious purple light behind him. And I feel like if we don't address it, people are gonna be, like, does he know the light behind him is purple? And then I just learned that you guys are, like, living in a a giant greenhouse there. Yeah. You know what? My wife has has a green thumb, and, as you very rightly pointed out, I am in the great white north. It is cold as heck outside. So we're not growing anything outside. And frankly, with all the critters in our backyard, we weren't really gonna do that in the summer anyway. So lo and behold, every square inch of my apartment is just filled with plants and LED grow lights. So this is, this is a nice little preview of what the rest of my apartment looks like. I badly wanna do a D ball cribs episode of this show someday where we get it on your phone, and you can just, like, take us from room to room. What's so alright. Before we get into the weekly preview, what what's behind you? What are these plants? Do you know what they are growing behind you? Oh, yeah. You know what? My wife is not gonna be thrilled that I'm gonna get some of them wrong. They're all legal. I think that's right. There is a yeah. And they're all legal. Yeah. A 100%. There is let me see. I've got a dragon scale plant, I believe, behind me. Just off camera, there is a snake plant. What is that? A snake plant is basically really tall, fancy grass that requires minimal attention, and quite literally, it grows straight up just in longer, thicker blades. That's a wow. I gotta say, I wish you had said something else because we can't see it. You you You know what? You guys know about aloe vera. It's probably in half of the half of the creams and lotions everyone uses. Well, I got a gigantic aloe vera plant just Boom. Look at that. Rotates the screen for us. I love it. I I just I had to say something because it reminded me we were talking off air about how, it just sort of reminded me of being in, like, a college apartment, except the, the black lights there are not for growing things. They're just for, like, comedic effect. I don't I don't remember what I was doing when I was For vibes. Yeah. That's right. For vibes. It's the all it's the all vibes room. So, anyway, Derek's in the all vibes room today. But, luckily, he's in the all streams room as well, and we're gonna be getting into the weekly, planner mode here. And this is the beginning of in season tournament scheduling weirdness. I feel like we gotta open up. First of all, you can find Derek on, social media at d ball b ball, d b a l l b b a l l. I am at Dan Vesperis over on social. And as I've been doing on all of our shows lately, I wanna make sure everybody is getting in on the sports ethos Discord, which is a great place to hang out. Again, I don't know that Twitter is going under anytime soon. It just seems like things are slowly trending that way, and I feel like folks are gonna wanna have a place to hang out when if or when that happens. This would be it. I'm throwing the graphic up on the screen for anybody that's watching on YouTube. It is, of course, in the show description if you're listening on traditional pod channels. But, Derek, before we get into sort of the chronology of the week, what do folks need to know about the tail end of this week? Because isn't that when the in season tournament starts to goof her up the schedule a little bit? 100%. So, really, I think after Tuesday, you're gonna see a lot of really funny business because that's when the, in season tournament and the NBA Cup, the qualifiers are all gonna be determined, and then you're gonna start to see the teams and the players, much like they do around the all star break, start to kind of give themselves maybe, a little bit of extra prep time if they're qualified, or maybe, you know, they're just gonna start calling in sick to work like so many of us do when they've got a holiday around the corner. So I'm prepared for a lot of funny business in the schedule this week, and it seems to me very likely, although I can't guarantee or really officially predict it, that you're gonna see a lot of kinda key rotation players start to go missing as we get closer towards the end of the week. Games wrap up on Saturday, and then from Sunday moving forward into week 8, we're not gonna have any fantasy wrap up in basketball at all because every team, you can you can hear something in the background. That's that's a dog. So we're gonna have, we're gonna have every, every NBA team is either gonna be qualified and going to, Las Vegas to play, or the ones that don't are very likely gonna be going to Vegas to hang out and party. So so, really, the league is gonna stop, stop schedule on Saturday, and then we're gonna be very bored sitting on our hands for another week. Yeah. It's pretty I mean, I know most of it, like, is gonna be impacting next week, but there has to be something we can do this week to get ourselves ready or, like okay. So I I have a lot of questions about how this new because this is new. This is the thing we're gonna be attacking for a first time from the schedule planning standpoint as well. Does this mean that you should be utilizing more moves early in the week? Does it mean you should be setting yourself up more for the few days with just a couple of games next? Like, what's your what is your general plan? Because, like, I imagine it can't be the same as what we normally do on these shows, which is you're using, like, 1 or 2 Monday, Tuesday, another couple Thursday, Friday, and then you're basically done. But, like, everybody plays Saturday, and nobody plays for, like, 3 days after that. So something's gotta be a little different this week. Yeah. Absolutely. So, unlike last week where I basically just said use all your moves and use them as soon as you can and just try to get the best players ASAP, This time, I think we're really looking at more of a long streaming schedule, and I'd be kinda more surprised if I did see the majority of teams actually going through the bulk of their moves because you have one less day, to to actually play games on. And unlike last week where that day fell in the absolute middle of the schedule and gave us some kind of funky, you know, funky games that we could exploit, with the the rest day being on Sunday. There's really not that much that's exploitable on this schedule. There's no Monday, Tuesday back to back. So your first shot for 2 games in, in 3 days comes, from the 8 teams that play, Monday to Wednesday. So, really, it's very likely that most teams make one move, before, before Wednesday night and then are probably looking to make a second move on Thursday if they're just doing kind of, like, a default streaming play. And I kinda like the idea of leaving those other 2 moves just kind of as, spares we'll call them. Because as I was kind of indicating earlier, I really wouldn't be surprised if I started to see star players rest, or you started to see those kind of precautionary games where, oh, you know, he's got a sore toe, and we don't wanna push it. He's coming up on a long break. Let's just let him let's just let him rest. So I I I am kind of preparing for those scenarios, and I think having an extra waiver wire move or 2 would be a good way to hedge against them in the, what I would say is a likely scenario that you're gonna see a star player, not playing their full slate of games. Would you do anything towards the end of this week to prep for next week, or is next week even weirder in that you've got, like, what, 1 or 2 teams playing on, like, one day and then everybody on the other days? I I don't even I I don't even know how to prepare for something like that. Yeah. I I don't think any of us really know how to prepare for it. All the games basically fall on the same 2 days next week. And for all intents and purposes, I'm treating this as the next week is almost like a wash. I it's hard for me to predict what moves could, or would be effective when everyone plays on the same days, and we're not entirely sure, how those games are gonna turn out. So for me, unlike most weeks where I would normally say use your your final moves on the final day to kinda get a jump start on next week, I'm very much just I I I'm focused on this week. I'm not trying to predict anything that happens in Vegas or moving forward from Vegas because I think the NBA environment is gonna kinda be turned on its head in the coming days. And, we're gonna start to see some funny business that we can't exactly predict or prepare for yet, with the obvious disclaimer just being that you wanna have the best players available on the court. So whatever move allows you to do that is gonna be the gonna be the goal. Okay. So now correct me if I'm getting something on this wrong. You are my scheduling guru, and it's possible that I goofed something up. This week, tomorrow, you said is the last in season tournament qualifier games. Is that a yes or no? Far as I know. Unless I'm mistaken, those are the last games. Yeah. Okay. So then the rest of this week is just regular basketball games, meaning that Friday is not an in season tournament day. But then next week, Monday Tuesday are the the 4 quarterfinal games. Thursday is the semi. Those all do count for Fantasy. And then next weekend, not this weekend, but the following weekend is the one, quote, unquote, title game, which does not count for Fantasy. That's the extra game in the schedule. So then those teams that play in the quarters and semis, they don't have games on or the ones that play in the quarters and win don't have the game against the rest of the league, the sort of rest of the field, basically, on one of those Wednesday or Fridays. And then the ones in the semis would not have that bonus game on the Friday. So I think that means that you're looking at 2 games Monday, 2 Tuesday, and, like, 12 or 13 on Wednesday and, like, 14 on Friday. Does that add up right, or am I missing I might be off by 1 or 2. I mean, your math seems pretty accurate there. I am not I honestly, I with all the different variables that are still up in the air with the season tournament, it's been kind of hard for me to nail down exactly what's happening when. That's strange. But what you did say generally sounded right, and I don't think it would be, I don't think it would be right for me to pick at any any individual business there. Everyone's supposed to go 2. That's, I think, the Yes. The end result. So, like, if you play That's my understanding. If you played in one of the quarterfinal games, you would lose one of the field days. And if you play in both the quarters and the semis, you lose both of the field game days, meaning Wednesday Friday. And then if you're in the finals, it doesn't matter. That's just a bone that's game 83. The free game. Yeah. Yeah. Game 83. Right. And that one does not count towards Fantasy. I believe that's the way that all of the sites are treating it because it's just not a regular season game. It's an exhibition, but it counts for the finals against season cup. So to that end, if someone was now you guys know where I was going with this very circuitous route. Derek, if at the end of tomorrow, we'll know who's in the quarter finals, right, for next week. And so then maybe you could make a move with Monday, Tuesday in mind for next week. Because then every team plays twice, but a couple of teams are gonna go early in the week and a whole crapload are gonna go Wednesday, Friday. But the overload might make that sort of inconsequential. It seems like having the teams that play on the low traffic days next week could end up being a huge advantage. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Yeah. Absolutely. So, I mean, if you are, if you are sure that, you're gonna be able to get a player that's gonna be active on those 1st couple of days in week 7, when you're when you're coming down the stretch of week 6 and you got a leftover move, I I say go for it. It's, you are gonna have spare moves in a week like this, so I there's certainly no harm in doing that. But, with the way that this schedule rounds out and knowing that, on the last 3 days, 2 of or sorry. The the 2, heaviest game days come in the last 3 days of the week skip 6 schedule. I'm really gonna be focusing my attention on trying to make maximize my results there if I do have leftover moves with kind of the the Monday, Tuesday week 7 being a real convenience play for me. Having said that, I am gonna be looking, if I do have a leftover move on Saturday, and my lineup is filled, I'm definitely not gonna be trying necessarily to, to prioritize any one team over another. The Celtics are looking to me like they're probably gonna offer some good value coming off a 2 game week, looking like they're likely gonna qualify for the for the in season tournament. And not being active on the weekend, I don't think it's, gonna be hard to find a good Celtics player on the wire. And, and I think the same could be said of the Knicks as they do get a couple of rest days as well. And as far as I know, they're not eliminated from the tournament yet either. Really, at the end of the day, I I think it's just like you were saying, you wanna get those teams that are active for those 2, 2 games if you have the convenience of doing it. But I wouldn't go into week 6 with anything to do with the end season tournament as a goal per se. Yeah. And that's this week, basically. Going because we don't know Exactly. We don't have the the final names for the quarter finals right now anyway. I think we have an idea of it, but it's not set in stone. The only reason I bring it up is because if most teams in your league are gonna be able to start 10 guys on Wednesday Friday and then, like, assume everybody has, like, a player from one of these quarter final or whatever. Like, the last what whatever is 8 teams that make the quarters, 4 make the semis, and, again, the the finals game doesn't matter. You're looking at you're looking at a lot of teams that are gonna have next week. I know I'm looking at week 7 right now. I know I'm getting ahead of myself. We still have to talk about how to deal with the particularly the front end of this week. But if a lot of teams are gonna have, like, 22 games played next week, if you can get 2 or 3 extra games, you are dominating. That is a massive percentage edge in a way where, like, most weeks, you add 2 or 3, 4 games, whatever, you're adding 4 games over a 45 week, whatever it is. Like, you're you're talking about less than 10%. Whereas if you can add 4 games next week over 20, that's a huge jump. That's that's a double in terms of, like, against your opponent. 24 games beats 20 games almost every single time in a head to head. A 100%. And you know what? To build on what you're saying there too, I'm expecting once we kind of get into the tournament, I'm expecting to see more of a playoff atmosphere. When you're in the playoffs, defense turns up. It's it's up to another level, and you're gonna start to see what I expect to be lower scores. To me, that actually says the teams that build in high impact, stat, stat areas, so, like, 3 pointers or blocks or steals, they're gonna see really, really big returns in in these games because, a, the small sample size of games. And then, b, I do I just think you're gonna see a more locked in targeted defense once the matchups are, more consequential, we'll say. Alright. Now is, I'm gonna turn the this the stage over to you, basically, is my my next plan here because I I wanted to get in front of next week because I think it's actually gonna be a a sort of a pretty big deal to be aware. It'd be so easy for all of us to just be like, ah, in season tournament, I don't really wanna pay attention to that stuff. But, again, starting at well, Wednesday morning. At the end of tomorrow, we're gonna have an idea of who has these extra super low traffic, very valuable games for next week, and you may need to be sort of ready to take that plunge early, especially when you consider the fact that this week ends Saturday's, what, a 12 12 game day? So probably an overload. Right? Very likely. Yeah. You're almost guaranteed to have a have an overload on that Saturday. Okay. So now sorry. I've been sort of burying the lead here. I just put it on the screen for YouTubers. If you're listening, you guys can find it on Twitter at d ball b ball. This is what Derek puts together on Sunday nights for the week ahead, an opportunity to just look through the schedule day by day, team by team, who fits kind of front to back. You also write the week ahead piece, which goes way deeper on this stuff. That's part of the fantasy pass over at sportsethos.com and ethos fantasybk. Derek, you wanna walk us through how to handle this coming week? And, frankly, I mean, you can tell me when to scroll down. Just get you're pretend that I am your, PowerPoint clicker, and I'll take us through your tweets in real time if you'd like. Oh, you're giving me way too much power here, Dan, but I'm going to, Let her write it. Do my best to be respectful of it. So, yeah, I've already kinda touched on what we're doing Monday. Monday, there's 8 teams of the 10 that are active that are effectively viable streams. In that, they give you, 2 games in a 3 day window of the Monday teams that aren't effective. Let's just say that we're not looking at the Pacers. We're not looking at the Blazers. But I do see good value in the Nuggets, the Pistons, the Clippers, the Lakers, the Pelicans, the Pelicans, the Sixers, the Jazz, and the Wizards, in most cases, for a long stream, if not a short stream. Going into Tuesday, you can also accomplish a 2 and 3 before the Wednesday night games wrap up. If you are going for 1 of the 3 Tuesday, Wednesday back to back teams that are going on, There's the Houston Rockets and the Sacramento Kings, which simply display a Tuesday, Wednesday back to back. However, I am targeting the Raptors, because they actually not only play the Tuesday, Wednesday, but they also play off Friday, which gives you a 3 games in 4 days stream. Very effective, especially if you're able to get a player like a Gary Trent junior, who is a potential x factor in 2 really, really important categories to me personally, threes and steals. Really, really great categories to stream. From Wednesday night, most teams are probably gonna be looking to make another move. If they are feeling so bold, Wednesday is a perfect day to be streaming because 9 teams offer a 3 and 4 opportunity from that period moving forward. I've kind of divided them in 2 on the, on the tweets that I've put out there or whatever we call them now in Elon's new world. Zweets. Ziets, I guess. I don't know. But, yeah, I've I've kinda divided them in 2 there, because I already touched on the Pistons, the Clippers, the Lakers, and Utah earlier on as, really viable Monday streams, I'm not expecting many of them to be available. So I'm actually really kind of considering Wednesday, a day with only 5 effective streaming teams, in that, the Nuggets, the Grizzlies, the Pelicans, the Magic, and the Suns, all offer 3 and 4 from that day, and are less likely to be snapped snapped up in that they don't have the back to back from Wednesday, Thursday. Their back to back actually goes Friday, Saturday. So I think those options are less likely to be chosen over. If you're looking at Thursday, there's basically only 2 teams that I'm looking at because I really do as with every week. I'm just gonna keep on driving at home. You want 2 moves or 2 games from every single move in a 3 day period. The only teams that are gonna allow you to get 2 games before you can flip that streamer aside and get another one are the Knicks and the Spurs. The Spurs are I'm expecting them to be widely available on most waiver wires because they're one of your 2 game teams this week. So I think you're gonna have pretty pretty easy time, on Wednesday night finding the the Spurs player of your choice, and with kind of the the way that their lineup is probably gonna change in the near future. I'm, I'm I'm expecting there to be some good streaming value there. The Jeremy Sohan experiment is not necessarily working out if you follow any of the media there. But that doesn't mean that I'm not gonna try to stream him because he's obviously still a very valuable player on the team and, still a very important piece for their future. And I also really like what this does for Trey Jones. But I digress. If you're if you're moving on from Thursday, your best options on Friday, are gonna be the back to back teams. Again, 2 2 games, in a single move. So Friday, Saturday, back to backs feature Dallas Mavericks, Denver Nuggets, Memphis Grizzlies, New Orleans Pelicans, Orlando Magic, and Phoenix Suns. Anyone who's paying attention realized that I've already set a lot of those teams recently. So, I would expect if I'm a manager on Friday that I'll probably be ending be ending up looking at, the Mavericks crew. They do have a lot of really interesting streamers right now, and, they've got some of their bigs that are trying to work their way back from injury. So depending on how that works, you might have some different streaming options just to split the difference. I put Grant Williams on the list there, but there's really, there's several other names from the Mavs that I'm gonna be looking at on, on Friday night. And then Saturday, it's just like you were saying, take the best available. If you've got a good idea of what the playoff picture what the in season tournament picture looks like at that point, then absolutely go for your guy. If you know you're gonna get a lot of games the early part of the week, 7 schedule, then I'm absolutely gonna say you should target them. But I really use this Saturday part of my tweet to kind of highlight some of the other players that I really wanted to talk about this week, but maybe didn't have a schedule specific reason to bring up earlier on. So I just listed a bunch of names here of of guys that I'm really kind of into lately and, that I'm expecting to see move up on, I'd be trending names on the waiver wire lately. So I just gave out some names like Craig Porter junior, Kobe White, Dario Saric, Dorian Faye Smith, Isaiah Jo, Jabari Walker, Jaime Harkas junior, Malik Beasley, Nazry, Obi Toppin, and Sadiq Bay. Now some of those guys aren't gonna be available in competitive leagues, but I think you're probably gonna find a couple of useful guys on that list that I do expect to give some really good value, in the short term. Wow. That was well done, my good man. And I I think I was scrolling at the proper speed. To be honest, I looked away, but it looked like you were keeping up with me most of the time. I forgot to be a good director and tell you what to do. No. No. I heard you. As you were getting to the different, days, I was I was bringing it down. Your last tweet, by the way, in that thread is one that you probably should have talked about as well because that, again, is a shout out to what you're doing over at Sports Ethos with the week ahead piece that is available there now. And, I'm not gonna put that on the screen because that is behind the paywall. But one thing that I will do is take a look at the chat room because I think we do actually have a couple of, stream questions. Here we go. Got one from mister Jason. Start 2 of these guys this week. No streaming. So this is a full week lineup block. Mitchell Robinson for 3 games, KCP for 4, or Max Struss for 3 games. It's only a 6 cat roto league, which I'm assuming is no turnovers and no percentages, but we don't have confirmation on that. So, basically, like, a points league effectively kinda question. So Mitch Rob for 3, Struce for 3, KCP for 4. Which way do you look on this one for a weekly lock? Well, I'm definitely going Mitch Rob right off the bat. Mitch Rob was my first very clear, you gotta pick him because I think he does a lot of work in the in the categories where you're gonna feel the most impact. I love rebounds. I love blocks. I think those are really productive categories. You're gonna see, really good value in from him. I think he's an elite elite producer, both of those areas, and you wanna get the elite guys in whenever you can. And then because it's 6 cat and we're taking percentages out of the game, I think I'm actually gonna give KCP the bump here. I think he's filling up the counting stats a little bit more, and I trust him to give me more steals than, Max Struce does. As much as Max Struce has been a very valuable, very impressive, and just generally a very fun to roster fantasy player. That extra game with KCP plus a little bit more of a rounded line from KCP kinda puts him over the edge for me. Yeah. I'm definitely on with you on KCP. I think between the other ones, it's a little bit of a coin flip, but there's a nice thing with the with the Mitchell Robinson side there, like you talked about, of of maybe a little bit less variability. In these situations with the weekly lineup lock, if you've got guys that are even remotely close together, you go with the one that has the extra game. So that's what, in my mind, makes KCP sort of the, pretty easy choice for 1 of the 2. Let's see. These other questions are actually not weekly lineup questions, but I'll give you one anyway because I think we've got you about 30 more seconds here. How about how about this one? Do you think Buddy Healed for OG Anunoby is a fair buy low offer? I think you could try. I don't think it's gonna get it done, but I would I'd give it a shot. Listen. If I can acquire Buddy or OG Anunoby for Buddy Healed, I'm doing that 10 times out of 10. If I'm playing in a league where I can throw in draft picks to grease the wheels and try to make that trade happen, I'm also doing that. I I'm a 100% in on OG Anunoby. He is exactly what he was in all previous seasons. We're just seeing a bit of a slump right now as the whole team that he plays on is really struggling, and he's working his way back from injury. So if you're able to buy low on OG, go for it. And if it only costs you buddy healed, then you should be singing all the way to the bank. This one also isn't a weekly choice, but I am curious your thoughts on Markelle Fultz. That's not technically the question. It's should I drop Santi Aldama to stash Markelle Fultz. But what do you think he's gonna be this year? Because I was always in the kind of I I don't know that he ever really gets, like, bursting through that top 90 window. Now I'm a little bit unsure if he even gets quite to there. But with the lack of timeline, I find it really hard to tell people to stash faults right now. Yeah. I've been fairly quiet on the faults front for several years now. I'm not necessarily against him as a player, but I am very much in favor of his 2 backcourtmates that he's sharing that point guard position with. I have drafted and held Cole Anthony in a lot of leagues this year. I believe in him as the best counting stats creator on the Magic. And I did that regardless of whether faults was healthy or not. And then, I mean, everyone's talking about Jalen Suggs lately. I'm personally a believer that he's got the highest ceiling among that group of 3 point guards there, and I think we're starting to see Suggs really reach for that ceiling. So with the the combined success of Cole Anthony and Jalen sugs just kind of filling in that point guard spot And with sugs doing a really really good job of replicating the defensive value that faults brings to the table I'm not sure that faults is gonna have as firm of a hold on the starting spot as he did before he got injured. And then you talk about faults as kind of more of a connecting piece than more than, maybe a do it yourself guy. I'm kind of more of the of the mind that, you get more of that kind of alpha bulldog mentality from Cole Anthony, and from Jalen Suggs. So I think they're more likely to go out and get theirs even if they're in limited minutes. So if faults is hurting or if faults is in a reduced role or if it he's in any other way trying to round back into shape, I just don't think he's gonna be the same sort of fantasy producer that his 2 backcourt mates are. Having said that, I'm never opposed to streaming a guy that's gonna be productive in assist and steal. So at worst, he is a standard league stream, if not a hold that you're gonna keep near the bottom of your Oscar. Mister Jason did clarify. It is no percentages, no turnovers, but had a follow-up. Russell Westbrook with 4 games versus Mitch Robb with 3. This is intriguing because Westbrook's very painful weaknesses are the 3 categories that aren't on the board for this team. I might go Westy here just for the extra ball game. What about you? Yeah. So, I mean, honestly, if you're looking at their stats over the last week, Westbrook and, Robinson are basically scoring at the same clip. Since we said, rebounds don't matter, I'm just gonna go ahead and skip by that. So it's really just a matter of whether you think that, Russ' 5 or 6 assists are worth more than Mitch Robinson's block and a half per game. So if you're talking about, a 4 game period, you're looking at somewhere between, you know, 2024 assists for Westbrook versus let's say, 7 blocks for Robinson. I would rather if I, if I knew that I was going to be competitive in assists, I think I would rather have him because I I wouldn't necessarily rule out that Westbrook could be productive defensively. Whereas I know that you're really not gonna get that much more out of Robinson even if he does have a good game. Yeah. He might do more things in the same categories, but Westbrook, as we know, mister triple double, he is all over the place, all over the stat sheet. He's not doing great right now, but at least he has the ability to out produce those numbers. Yeah. I'm not exactly optimistic about either scenario. Yeah. That's fair. Alright, Derek. Get back to your day. Thank you. And, you know, you can float back into the sweet purple abyss behind you. Yeah. Dan, I got some plants to water. So Yeah. Clearly. Way more than I realized. He is Derek Ball. He's at d ball, b ball. He writes the week ahead piece for sports ethos. He is the guy that I get to get educated by here on these Mondays. Derek, I'm sorry for taking us all the way to week 7. I just felt like this is sort of a we needed to get, like, a 2 week look ahead here to do to really knock it all out. Good luck with your lineups this week. Thank you, sir. It's been a pleasure as always, and, let's talk more about week 7 in the very near future. Yeah. We're gonna probably have to do that on social. Derek, we'll see you soon. See you. He is Derek Ball. Always, the man here on our Monday shows. I got a couple more things to knock out before we wrap up the show. I'll try to hit a another question or 2 that maybe wasn't specifically about the week ahead. I wanna try to save Derek generally for those types of questions. But one thing that's a bit of a callback on this show to when it was just called the weekly lineup show, for those that may remember those old days, is making lineup decisions. And, actually, we just got some breaking news in the middle of our podcast 2 minutes ago. Nikola Jokic was ruled out for the Nuggets ball game tonight, which makes me take a look at them and think, where are they now? They're in LA taking on the Clippers. That line has already jumped up to Clippers by 7. It's the second half of a back to back, and the Nuggets are you know, they've got a pretty good record this year. So I I don't think that they have any massive fears about where they're gonna end up at 11 and 6. And, you know, you're seeing a little bit of what we kind of imagined would happen, which is off a championship run. You just can't keep your foot on the gas the whole damn season. And so on these slightly tougher scheduling days, sometimes you're gonna see stuff stuff like this. Now let's hope that the back injury doesn't linger. I'm assuming he'll be back for their next ball game. And, you know, the Nuggets have not a fantastic schedule this week, but not a bad one. It's a 4 game week. They've got a back to back towards the end of it. Is that one where he could potentially see another day off at a Phoenix, Sacramento back to back? Hard to say. But either way, you're playing Nikola Jokic. Are you I mean, you you basically have to because he's he's freaking Nikola Jokic. Other players that are game time decisions that you're making tough calls on, Kevin Durant, was questionable for their game on Sunday. He ended up sitting that out. They're off today and tomorrow, but then their schedule's a little bit back loaded this week as you just heard from Derek. Phoenix plays on Wednesday, Friday, Saturday. I'm assuming you get KD for 2 of those ball games, and that would be more than enough. So he's also a go. Larry Markkanen is a little bit interest of an interesting one. He is already out with a hamstring strain, and that's a little bit concerning because hamstrings aren't usually the world's fastest in terms of recovery. It's also a couple of home games, which are the ones that tend to be a little bit easier for players to put up numbers in. Not that that's, like, easier for him to play through an injury. Utah has a 4 game week. They're in Memphis. They're at Minnesota. Then they're back home to take on Portland towards the end of the week. There's a back to back in there. Feels like 2 for market. It might be a good ending. That makes him 1, in my opinion, one of the hardest calls of the week. I probably roll the dice and hope you get 1 or 2. But, man, if you have a 4 gamer, that's a possible fill in that could even get you part of the way to what he'd do in 2 ball games, which is, like, 47 points, 16, 17 rebounds, couple steals, a couple blocks, and and 6 3 pointers. That's easier said than done, but, you know, you're talking about a guy that's, like, 12 points, 4 or 5 boards, and, you know, half a steal, half a block, and and one and a half threes. Those types of guys are floating on the wire. And that way, if Markkanen ends up missing the 3rd game and he only plays 1, you dodge that possible bullet. It's a hard call to make. I I know it, but, I think I would probably try to go find a 4 gamer if I could. Bam Adebayo and Duncan Robinson were full participants in in the Heat's Monday practice, so the expectation is that they'll be back tomorrow so you can fire both of those guys up. CJ McCollum is hoping to make a return later this week. I think I would probably still keep him benched. We don't know exactly how his minutes are gonna look coming back from a lung injury. They might just run him out there for big minutes, but my guess is that they'll ease him in a little bit. So probably keep him benched for 1 more week. Lavela Ball, I'm putting on my bench. He's doubtful for their next ballgame. We he has a history of ankle issues. And I mean, maybe he gets back in there for a couple towards the tail end of this week, but you're that's really rolling the dice. It's only a 3 game week, and we already know he's almost definitely gonna miss the first one. I'm thinking you're looking at 1, 1 and a half games is sort of the way you have to picture it in your head. 2 would be a fantastic scenario for him. And I I just I I'm not confident that we get there, so I'd probably keep LaMelo Ball on my bench. Porzingis, I'm keeping benched. Nick Claxton's an interesting one. He's dealing with an ankle sprain, and he's questionable for their ballgame tomorrow. And I'll be perfectly honest with you guys. I really don't have a good feel for whether or not he's gonna go. If he sits it out, then you're looking at a 2 game week for a guy who's barely good enough to to drop in for a 2 gamer. I'd probably keep him benched and play it safe, but you guys know me. I I tend to be a little bit more cautious. Jimmy Butler is questionable with an ankle tweak. I'd probably start him this week. I I think he's, gonna give you 2 games, although he did mispractice, earlier today, if I'm not mistaken. So we'll see. I think they're just trying to give him some extra time off. Tyler Herro is still on the bench. Cam Thomas is still on the bench. Jalen Johnson's out a month, so he's obviously on the bench. Kelly Hubray benched. Derek White played. He's got a cold, but I'm gonna assume that he's that he's gonna give it a go. Zach LaVine is sort of constantly in and out of the injury report with that foot soreness, the tough to I mean, I don't know how you take him out considering he's mostly playing through it, but Cam Johnson's a go. Sounds like Keegan Murray's likely back for the Kings, so he'll be a go for later this week. And then that's probably about as far down the board as we really need to venture. Right? Oh, Drew Holiday is sort of an interesting one. He's questionable for the Celtics game tomorrow. It's a 2 game week, so probably keep him on your bench. And those are likely the guys you're making the weekly calls on. Because anybody ranked farther down the board, if there are even so much as questionable, you probably keep them aside. Jamal Murray may come back at some point this week. That would be really nice for them, but I don't think that you could start him with the hope that he comes back. I think you gotta let him actually show up before you do it. And that, I think, is probably your weekly calls as, by the way, Cam Reddish just got ruled out for the Lakers tonight, which means that someone like Etorrian Prince probably does retain some kind of value. And that, I think, is probably your decision making tree for this evening. Let's see what questions I can lightning round my way through. I don't want this one to go longer than 45 because I've already did an hour and 15 minute show earlier today. Air Dunk says, should I drop Keontae George for Dyson Daniels or stash tray stash Trey Murphy now instead? 8cat Roto. Your aisle already has Bradley Beal and Tyler Herro. I mean, over the next few games, Tyson Daniels is probably better, but CJ McCollum coming back almost definitely obliterates that. So probably just hold on to Keontae George unless you unless it's a 3 IL, and then you get Tremor Fin, you pick one of these guys back up again. Sadik Bey or Marcus Smart rest of season? Probably Marcus Smart. Although, you know, Bey is gonna play for the next couple weeks and Smart isn't, so that's complicating factor. If you need to win the next couple weeks, Sadik Bey. If you're talking about, like, who to sit on for Roto, it's probably smart. Someone offered me LaMelo Ball for Kristaps Porzingis and Desmond Bane in a 14 team points league. That's too much. Yeah. You that that's an overpay. What are we selling Chet for and a 10 teamer due to concerns over injuries? I I don't know that I have concerns over injuries. He seems pretty tough so far. If you can get somebody inside the top 18 to 20 18 to 20, I would do it. Otherwise, man, he's rolling. Maybe top 24, top 2 rounds. That's about it. What are your thoughts on stashing Ahmed Thompson? I don't think he's gonna do much this year. You're talking about next, maybe even the season after because the Rockets are trying to win now. Scoot Henderson, question mark, 10 team points league. Yeah. You probably wanna sit on him. He'll be a 10 teamer in points leagues by February, but, like, I I mean, it's a tough it's gonna be a long road to get there. He's gonna be a suboptimal player for your team for the next however, but Dan, I have Kawhi and Kevin Durant in a 16 teamer. I'm planning to flip both of them due to historical injuries. Who can I target? I mean, here's the thing. There really was never a plan there. Because if somebody didn't want those guys, they probably didn't draft them. I'm not as worried about it as others. I think Kevin Durant is a beast. So, like, what are you gonna sell them for? Another 1st rounder that you maybe could have drafted anyway? I don't think this is gonna make any sense for you. And then Kawhi, you can't really flip right now because the Clippers are still trying to figure out how to fit their pieces together. I need to trade Jimmy Butler. Who and the best player to look for? You should be able to get somebody inside the top 30, I would think, back for Butler. I know he's number 36 right now, but he's been trending up. And, yeah, he misses games here and there. That's sort of the the magic of Jimmy. I don't really know who you can target, though. You kinda need him to to get going before you could do it. You might be able to get, like, a Desmond Bane if you wanted. I don't know if that's the direction you'd wanna go. Dejounte Murray, you could get. James Harden, you could probably get. Freddie VanVleet, you could get. These guys are less banged up, but I think I'd rather until Harden's rolling not Harden. Excuse me. Butler's rolling and then see if you can aim a little higher at that point. Let's see. Ja and Deandre Ayton for Kyrie Irving? Yeah. Give me Kyrie and 9 cat there. Should I pick up Trey Murphy? I would drop Keontae George, Goga Butazi, or Eric Gordon? Yeah. You could probably get away with dropping either Goga or Gordon. If we think Kevin Durant comes back pretty soon, then Eric Gordon gets kinda clunky. Either one of those 2, I think I would do it. Because I I think Trey Murphy's gonna have some value when he comes back in a way that right now, Goga and and Gordon, these guys are stream level. Who to drop to stash Anthony Simons among Austin Reeves, Cam Johnson, Chris Paul, or Brook Lopez? Ten team points league. Ah, the magic of points formats. So it's hard for me to know exactly what those guys are averaging in your points league. I'm guessing that Chris Paul's probably the lowest number, but maybe it's Reeves because of his slow start. It's probably gonna end up being either Johnson or Chris Paul, but I don't know the the ESPN points numbers for those dudes off the top of my head. Keontae George or Scoot rest of season? I think I'd rather have Scoot. Who do you prefer between Shaden Sharp or Anika Okonwu? Ten man, 9 cat. Okonwu. And I'm not sure either of those guys is a 10 teamer right this second. Does Dyson Daniels value go in the toilet when CJ McCollum returns? Probably. Thoughts on Jabari Smith Junior rest of season? Well, he's inside the top 90 right now. I think I'd be happy if he stayed there. So but, also, it feels like maybe his field goal percent could taper off a little bit, Somewhere, but he's a tough one, man. High volatility, dude. Somewhere between 75 and a 130, and it really is not localized to a particular narrower window. What is Devin Vassell's trade value in a points league comparable to? So he's, I would venture to say, a little better in points leagues because the free throw number is not great. And, typically, the field goal number is a little lower, but he's sort of running hot right now. Maybe, like, top 75, top 70, something like that Vassell points league. Should I stash Kelly Oubre for Scoot or Brandon Miller? I think I'd rather have Oubre over Scoot. I don't know that Miller has like, Miller's had a couple of really hot games in a row, and maybe he gets a bunch to do while LaMelo's out. But I just I don't I'm not sure that there's a ton of 9 cat upside there in the way that Scoot could get cooking in a couple months. I think I'd rather have Uber E over Scoot over Miller long term. Obviously, the very short term Brandon Miller is the best option because he's playing, starting, and LaMelo's out. And Uberay is not back yet. But so sort of a flip depending on what part of the year you're looking at. I'm trying to trade Vooch in a head to head points league. Who should I target? It's not gonna go great for you because his numbers are quiet. Just sort of plodding along in that 60 range in 9 cat and probably lower than that in points if I'm guessing right here. So I don't know is the answer to that question. Sorry, dude. I don't actually have the answer to that one. Who is your favorite player to watch in the NBA? So I get a weird kick out of watching the incredible defenders of the NBA, and more specifically, the ones that get steals and shot blocking. So and that's not that's not my way of saying that I'm about to answer this question with Brook Lopez because, you know, hanging back and drop coverage and being incredible at it is fun, but it's not, like, super exciting. So I love Nikola Jokic who's not, you know, getting a ton of defensive plays, but just everything he does is nuts. I have no idea how he does these things. I love watching Anthony Davis when he's going because he's just blocking everything, and then he's also a force on the other end. I love watching Kevin Durant who get who does block shots and then is, like, one of the most efficient scores ever. I mean, there's so much awesomeness in the NBA right now. Luca's pretty cool. I I don't have the same, like, heart tingle for Luca. He's unbelievable. But his game is a little more sort of fluid and slow in a way that doesn't explode to the eyes. He does these step back 3 point shots that are crazy, and he like, he's amazing. But it doesn't have that sort of, like, oh, kind of moment. So I guess that's kind of the answer to that question. You guys are piling up these questions here late. I'm only doing one more minute. What do I do with Bradley Beal? You gotta sit on him. Should I drop RJ Barrett and add someone with 4 games in a points league? No. RJ Barrett should be held in points leagues. 9 cat, you can drop him. Brogdon, rest of season, would you trade him for Kobe White? I think if you could do it in, like god. I don't know. I don't know when this Chicago blow up is gonna happen. That's what makes this question so hard. The answer is probably yes for the second half of the season, but I just I what if Zach LaVine is there until February? That's a hard question, man. Dude. Good question, Ian. I'm gonna say no right now. Who do you think is gonna win MVP this year? Oh, god. Love it. It's probably gonna be Jokic again. I just don't I don't see how somebody right now pass like, Tyrese Halliburton, Shay Gilgeous Alexander. These are the the sort of dark horse options, if you wanna call it that at this point. Luca. I don't see how those guys get more votes than Jokic, though. Should I stick with JJ since his value is so low? People in my league love him, so I might be able to get a top 25 or 30 for him. Just 6 cats. Yeah. If you can get top 25 or 30, I'm okay with selling. I just like, that to me is a target for him, but I feel like most people are would sell for way less than that in a lot of leagues. Favorite Cal basketball player. Where's my Cal hat? There it is up on the wall over there. So some of you guys know I went to Cal Berkeley. I had to throw Berkeley in there because a lot of people don't know what it is when you just call it Cal. It is a, UC school at Northern California known for its nerds and, hippies, which was a delightful time. So, I mean, I mean, you know, the best basketball player to play at Cal was likely Jason Kidd, but that was before I was there. I was there during kind of, like, a weird I was there in a weird time because Cal football got good briefly in the early 2000, and basketball was kind of, like, a little meh. But, yeah, Leon Poe was there kind of right at the end, I think, of my tenure. You always have a little bit of a soft spot for guys that played for the team while you're actually in school there, but very few of those dudes made the NBA when I was there. Like, do you guys remember Rod Benson who played, I think, in the NBA for, like, a year and then went overseas and then started the ball don't lie? No. It was a different one. What what blog did he start that got bought out? That he was always a fun one. I I like the characters, man. Like, the characters of Cal. That's those are my favorite. Marshawn Lynch just turned out to be a character who was also very good at football. Jalen Williams or Chris Paul, points league. Who do I end up dropping? Probably ends up being Chris Paul in a 10 teamer, but, man, that's tough. Someone dropped Devin Vassello, and I added him for Zach Collins in a points league. Good move. Yeah. I like it. And that's what that's what we're done. 47 minutes and we're out. I did a lot of questions that I wasn't planning on doing, but whatever. We're back from Thanksgiving break. I wanna make it count. Good luck. Set your lineups, everybody. You got an hour and 10 minutes to do it. And pay attention to who makes the quarterfinals from the in season tournament. We'll know after tomorrow. You can start to plan ahead. Moves you can make towards the end of this week to get your games on those low traffic days, the high quality quality days as Martin Lawrence would say in, Bad Boys. Need that quality time with those players on Monday Tuesday next week. I'm at Dan Vespersover on Twitter. Thanks again to Derek Ball at d ball b ball on Twitter. Like, rate, subscribe. You guys know the deal. Tell your friends. Tell your friends that's how we'll grow this boat, and we'll see you over in Discord. And we'll see you tomorrow. Bye low show of the week. You guys seem to like that one, so we'll do another. Later, everybody.