Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Week 5 is upon us, ladies and gentlemen. We have schedules to analyze best, worst, in between, almost like the original kit and mittens. We've got streaming. We've got injuries. We've got it all as we head into another week of the NBA season, and we've got it here on Fantasy NBA Today, a sports ethos presentation. I am Dan Vesperis, and I am joined on our weekly lineup show every week by the week master himself. I spent all of 0 seconds deciding that that was gonna be your nickname. He is at d ball b ball on all social media platform. Aziz. He is Derek Ball, and he is back. What's up, dude? You ready for week 5? Dan, I am, I am really looking forward to this week. You know, it's funny. You you led with that people comment about kitten mittens there, and I was already ready to give you a little line about how I kinda felt, like, looking at the schedule this week. I kinda felt like Charlie Day. You know, the one where he's got the the poster behind him, the red strings. You've got so many options to go through this week. I think I drove myself crazy writing this week's thread. You have decidedly few, pieces of string behind you, though. So I I assume we're gonna be doing this just out of the Charlie map in your brain then. Is that we're gonna have to rely on the brain? Well, good luck to anyone who's gotta keep up with that. Yeah. Heaven help us all. Again, he is at dballbball on social. He writes the week ahead piece at sports ethos, and he's gonna bring all of you guys a large chunk of the info from that. But, of course, if you want the whole week ahead piece, you gotta go sign up for a Fantasy Pass over at sportsethos.com. Starts at just $6 a month. You get all sorts of stuff the week ahead is just one of the awesome, pieces of content in said Fantasy Pass. So, Derek, the way we normally go through this stuff is I kinda work my way through your Twitter thread, which I folks should definitely check that thing out. But I I spent a little bit of time between shows, and I thought maybe, like, trying to attack the chronology of the week does actually make a lot of sense, and I wanna do that at some point. But maybe we start with more of the broad overview of this coming week. You said it's like a Charlie map. Does that mean that it is a very good week to stream or a very complicated week to stream or some weird combination of both? Oh, well, I mean, it's definitely gonna be a combination of the both. I would say rather than a good or a bad week to stream, I would say it's a mandatory week to stream because there are just so many different ways to do it. And there are so so many, games concentrated right around that Thanksgiving Thursday that you're really able if you're if you're starting the week streaming heavy, you're really able to add a lot of games played to your totals. And if you're in a head to head league, games played basically translate to wins in a lot of circumstances. So I can assure you that your opponent is gonna be streaming, and if you wanna beat your opponent this week, there are so many options to do so. You just have to choose which one works for your team. And it's not like other weeks where I have to tell you on Monday, you you take this guy, and on Tuesday, you take this guy. And if you're lucky, you can switch on Wednesday. You've got great options every single day with the exception of Thursday. How is that possible? Options on Thursday. Yeah. Right. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone, in advance. How is it possible that there are so many good options every day? Well, it's just the way that the league has kind of concentrated the schedule around that day. They really weighed down the schedule on Wednesday Friday surrounding that Thanksgiving. So, effectively, teams that are playing on those days are playing it back to back. And then you think about it, they have had a rest day in between, so the league was actually able to on both sides of those Wednesday Friday, they were also able to schedule games there. So you've got teams that are effectively playing back to back to back this week if they're scheduled on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday or Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, both of those things are possible this week, along with the fact that you've got, basically half the league on a 3 and 4 or a 4 and 5 at some point this week. There's just so many different ways to get through it. I mean, you're looking at Monday, you've got Boston, Chicago, Denver, Golden State, Houston, Milwaukee, Minnesota, Sacramento, and San Antonio on a 3 and 4. Or if you wanna be really, aggressive, you can go for the Clippers, you can go for the Heat, you can go for the Pelicans, or the Wizards on Monday. Tons of options to get through and add tons of games played. It's just a matter of picking the best player. Friday, I know has 10 games, which is, like, borderline overflow for a lot of clubs. That one, maybe we don't need to dig quite as deep, but Wednesday is a Mondo day. Almost the entire league plays on Wednesday. What do you do from a week planning perspective when everybody plays on someday in the middle of the week? Because, basically, anything you add on Wednesday is gonna be nullified by the fact that you probably already had a full schedule. So is there a way to stream avoiding Wednesday? Like, could you potentially give up a Wednesday game to get a game on a different day, or do the schedule just not even really align like that? I mean, there's really no, I mean, everyone's playing on on Wednesday, so I wouldn't really factor that day into my planning too much. I mean, you're not gonna be streaming Pistons players this week, and there's not really a great opportunity to stream any Knicks players until the weekend hits. Now you said there's 28 teams playing on Wednesday. I just need the 2 that aren't. So, really, if you were to avoid Wednesday, it it wouldn't be beneficial to you in any way. So I'm not really factoring that into my plan very much. For me, it's really about on these first couple of days, Monday, Tuesday, getting the best value there and long stringing them if I can. Because I think that if you're looking to make moves on Wednesday or Friday, and I say this in my thread, I just don't think you're gonna have a lot of options because I think people are gonna be really aggressive early on picking their favorite players and just trying to ride them out for the week with such a heavy schedule. So, you mentioned the Pistons in there. Who are the who are the teams where you're I mean, okay. Like, we talk about teams to avoid. Sometimes you can't really avoid them. You know? If you have Shae Gilgeous Alexander in a 2 game week, he's the number 1 player in fantasy. It's not like you're gonna avoid him. But if you're thinking about streaming, who are the teams that you're avoiding right now? Well, I'm specifically avoiding the Pistons. There are 2 other 2 game teams this week, but I did actually give the Pistons the nod as the worst schedule of the week. There's just really nothing redeeming about it. With the Monday start and then not playing again until Friday, there's just too many days in between, for me to see any value in streaming them. But you would actually mention, Shay Gilders Alexander. He's another one of the players that's on a team that's only got 2 games this week, and the Mavs are the other. So you got the Thunder, the Mavs, and the Pistons that are all playing a fairly limited schedule. However, the difference between the Pistons and the other 2 2 game teams is that they have games that are actually only, spaced a day apart. So you can, for a limited basis, if there is a player that is near the top of your waiver wire that you really wanna get, you can at least stream them for a little bit. Having said that, with so many different long streaming options and different ways to navigate the week, I'll probably just fade the chances of me, having a Dallas OKC or Detroit player unnecessarily all week. Anybody that was watching on YouTube saw what looked like me shouting at a nonexistent producer. It was actually my child yelling from outside a locked door and trying to bash, bash, bash his way in to tell me about some kitties at the park. I told him that he can tell me after the show is over. But just in case anybody hears this sound of a child screaming, it's probably about, a friend that he ran into at the park. Let's keep talking about the week ahead, because my move I want you to tell me I I also came up with this idea of something we could talk about before we get into the the actual day to day. My move when I'm planning a week this early in the season is often because, like, when I get into the playoffs and I and I wanna try to keep this as short as possible because me monologuing to get to a question is is just bad podcast form. When I'm in my fantasy playoffs, I'm planning 9, 10 days ahead. Right now, I don't plan that far out because I I wanna be ready in case something more lasting pops up. Like, if I've planned out 7, 8 days in advance, I've basically sort of iced out the idea of me pivoting hard on so and so. Like, this week, it would have been Santi Aldama who, you know, we saw in the Laker game, came off the bench and took a crap ton of shots in, like, 25 minutes. It was that game against the Lakers where we all were like, hey. Wait a minute. Like, this may be the Marcus Smart guy. It doesn't make any sense because he's a power forward, but this might be the Marcus Smart guy. And then he went nuts over the weekend. But if we had sort of planned out every move all the way up to that point, that would have been one of those spots where maybe we are unable to go get a guy that could help for, I don't know, until Jah comes back. Like, we're talking about not even a stream anymore. You're talking about an injury replacement for half a month. Mhmm. So this time of year, I tend to long stream in more like 3 or 4 day chunks. Is that should I be less lazy is the way I wanna phrase that. Should I make my plan, but then also have contingencies in case things come up? Or you know me, Derek. My job here or my my task my goal on Fantasy NBA Today is always to simplify things. Is a way to simplify to shorten the long stream by just a little bit so that you have maybe a little maybe it's a little bit simpler to to sort of pivot on a strategy, or am I now making it too like, I've or maybe I've eliminated the actual strategy of it? That question was terrible. Did you make any sense of that? Yeah. I mean, I think I know what you're getting at here. For me, I and I and I tend to advocate for this anyway. It's long streaming first and foremost because if I'm long streaming, that means I'm relatively confident in that player relative to the rest of the field of waiver wire options. I, personally, I like to use the early part of the season to experiment where possible and try to find the best player that's gonna carry me through, the rest of the season. So I think I think with the the thing you're trying to do right now is to try to find the best combination of talent and opportunity. If I had to split the difference between the 2 right now, I think I would actually take talent over opportunity, opportunity being the schedule. As you get closer to the playoffs, yes, the schedule is gonna become that much more important because you're going to want to make sure that every single move counts for the absolute most mathematical, you know, production you you can get. But right now, I think you're you're trying to fine tune your roster and find the the best way possible to add talent that can take you to the finish line. Now if you take a chance on a player, like you say, in that 3 or 4 day window, they don't work out, and that's fine. Cast them aside. They were never really a big part of your plan. But I think the key is that you're swinging for upside here. You you wanna get that player that's going to, do at least as much as what they've been doing to get your attention, if not more. So I I don't tend to advocate for very safe players as, as streaming options in the early season. I wanna get those players that I know or at least I feel very confident are gonna give me top 100 or better production. If they're not meeting that criteria, then I would absolutely plan to move on from them as soon as it's opportunistic. Okay. Let's start working our way through the week. And I know we're gonna probably do a little bit too much of how the sausage is made, but, honestly, I don't care. I think it's gonna be really interesting for people, and I still think that there will be value in them getting a Fantasy Pass and checking out the week ahead. But let's say, Derek, you're walking your own self through a week. What do you do each day of the week? How does your plan take one of your teams. I'm sure you have a whole bunch of them. We all do because we're all insane people. There you go. So let's take one out of your 14 head to heads. Walk me through what you're doing on a day to day. And, I mean, you don't have to monologue the entire week if you don't want, but just, like, if you set up the week the way that you want it to go right now in this league, What are you trying to do at the risk of now the other people in your league seeing this podcast and trying to stop you from doing it? But, like, what are you doing on today before lineup slot? What are you doing tomorrow? How do how do you go about building your whole week out? Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Yeah. Absolutely. So the first thing I do is I, I look at the schedule and I try to figure out which are the strong days, which are the weekdays. Anything, with 10 games or more, I would define as a strong day. Anything with 9 games or less, I would define as a weekday, and, obviously, it scales up and down from there. The closer to 0 you get, the the weaker the day is and the more value I'm gonna place on those days. The next thing I do after I've done that is I split the the schedule in half. I always want to if I'm streaming, I always wanna have 2 games in 3 days by the time Wednesday night is over. That's always my goal for my first move, and usually the schedule allows for me to do that. That way I know that from the exact moment that I'm able to, I'm adding value to my team. Because you're not so just to jump in, because you're not planning on using another move on that streaming slot until early as Thursday, you're saying any combination of Monday, Tuesday, Monday, Wednesday, or Tuesday, Wednesday is actually okay with you. That's right. And I haven't known to double stream, so I wouldn't necessarily rule out that I'm just turning over, you know, one spot. There's a guy in my league who actually streams one of my main leagues who streams, like, 5 spots at the beginning of the year just so he can cycle through as much talent as possible. Holy smokes. Crazy for that. But you know what? It's worked for him. So what I what I like to do is I I like to split the schedule in half, after I've figured out where the week and the strong days are. No matter what I'm doing, I'm trying to get my 2 games in 3 days by Wednesday. If possible, I'd like to add in some extra value, for a Tuesday, Wednesday, if I could get it. I'm definitely where possible, I don't mind using 2 of my moves by the time that Thursday morning comes around. And then the the goal would be from Thursday onwards to, again, try to figure out where my team, is going to need the help the most. So, typically, those are the weaker days. If I do get the sense that I, I might have a loaded lineup, I might look and see at the exact positions that I might find myself needing, and if I might even see any value in adding to those, you know, subbing one of my normal players out. Because it's not always true that your your holds are your best starts every single every single night. But, but, really, I think the goal is to make sure that I have used up all my moves, by the time that I can no longer get 2 games out of them. So, typically, that's a Friday for me. I use I like to have all my moves moved up, used up by Friday, but sometimes the schedule demands that I'm using my last move on a Saturday for a back to back, and I'm not opposed to doing that. Especially this week, there are some good Saturday back to backs that you can exploit. So, so Yeah. I mean, for me, I've been I'll just jump in and I'm pivot us to take take us back to tonight. What are you doing tonight? What do you like for these 1st 3 days as part of your your early week stream? Yeah. So, I mean, for me, I'm running to the wire in every league. And to be honest, it might be too late for some some of the most aggressive managers. But, I'm running to the wire, and I'm going for, Clippers, Heat, Pelicans, and Wizards players with a particular preference to the Pelicans because I think they have the best schedule, not only this week, but I think they're probably gonna be heavy contenders with the best schedule next week. Next week, mind you, is also a condensed week. And, unlike this week where most of the league is playing 4 games, there's only a handful of teams playing 4 games next week. The Pelicans are one of them. And I think they've got a lot of opportunity right now, between injuries and kind of prospects that are kinda coming into their own on the team. I think there's a really good opportunity for you to get a streamer player, guy that's typically on the waiver wire who can actually out produce that value right now. As opposed to some of the other teams I named, the Clippers, for example, where, yes, they have a really good schedule, but I'm not necessarily as inclined to tell you to stream them because I'm less confident in their players. They're not right. They're just they're they just don't get on the floor. So you I mean, you have to have if you're gonna stream somebody, you need them to actually play a little bit. Exactly. So you're not just using a schedule to determine your to determine how you're moving forward, but it's definitely very influential in it. So, yeah, I would definitely be looking at those 4 teams with probably the most preference to the Pelicans, the least preference to the Clippers. If I happen to strike out on those teams, I already named some of the other 3 and fours for Monday, so I'll just ask that people rewind and catch that. But I do have some 4 and fives to look at for Tuesday. Four games in 5 days, mind you. You could look at Atlanta, the Hawks. You could look at Cleveland. You could look at Orlando. You could look at Phoenix, and you could look at Toronto. Now not all those games are falling on the same days, but effectively, those 5 teams will get you 4 games in a 5 day period if you factor out Thanksgiving. Right. So those are the teams that I'm gonna run to the wire for. Run, don't walk. Get the best player that you can from them that matches your team's needs, and just ride them out for the rest of the week. Is that most weeks. So when you talk about the 2 when you talk about the Tuesday names, Indiana, Orlando, Phoenix, Toronto, is that is that the direction you go, say, if you don't get the the 4 game guys that start tonight, are those backup options, or is that something where you're like, hey. I I actually like some of these streaming options better. I might even wait around to Tuesday, or does that now put you in a tight spot? Because if you don't get them, now you're stuck without either of those options. So how do you how do you balance that attack method? Well, I would want the I would want whoever's listening to get the best player available from that group of, 8 or 9 teams that I just went through. I don't think it actually makes much of a functional difference for streaming purposes whether they do 1 or the other, but one or the other being Monday or Tuesday because no matter what, they will still meet my criteria of having 2 games in 3 days by Wednesday. So effectively, as long as they're they're filling, needs in their lineup, then I think they are doing the right thing. Now, of course, you wanna get games played on the on the day that you're actually making the move. So if that's an available option for you and there's a player that is of comparable value to a Tuesday start, then, yeah, go for them right right away. If that player you get on a Monday doesn't work out as well as you hope, you do still have the opportunity to flip them on Tuesday for one of those guys that have that 4 to 5 schedule. So, yeah, where possible, make a move on the on today, instead of tomorrow. But, if you do think that there is, if you're preferring to take a best player available approach, there's nothing wrong with going for the Tuesday start. Get your guy and and worry about the rest from there. So, if you're going the Monday route, let's say we go the Monday path on this. Yep. That takes you all the way to the end of the games on Saturday. Right? That's right. So you at that point, you're almost definitely gonna have a move left on Sunday unless you're streaming 3 slots, and you already said, you know, 1 I think you called 2, a double a double stream, double barrel action there. If am I am I off base there? It sounds like I know you said you like to use them up by Friday, but it almost seems like you're with the way this week is set up, you might just sort of be stuck with a move or 2 left on Sunday to use setting up Sunday and the following week. Yeah. That's true. I I don't like to assume that, that teams are gonna hold those players all the way through because in in certain circumstances, you might actually just find that you prefer, with the Pacers, for example, if you look at their Tuesday to Friday schedule, they play every day that's possible. And the same is true of, some of the other teams that are active on Tuesday going into Friday. The only difference between the Pacers and some of those other teams is that, the other teams finish a game on Sunday. I'm not necessarily planning to hold past, past that Friday though, if by flipping that player on Friday, I'm able to add 2 games. I'm always trying to add 2 games where I have 1. So there's no functional difference between sorry. I'm just playing with my my schedule mixer here. Yeah. There's no functional difference between, between the magic and the pacers if you are trying to make a move after Friday's game wraps up. So I actually would plan to be, if I have one of those teams that are on a 4 and 5 from Tuesday going into, going into Sunday, I would actually plan to be, making a flip after Friday night's games wrap up in the hopes that I can get one of those back to backs that happen on Saturday, Sunday. Let me do a couple of questions. Entirely possible, though. That's that's that's alright. Let me do a couple of questions from the chat room, and then I have a a strategy question that I might hit you with depending on how timing goes the rest of the way. As I mentioned before, if you guys put questions in the live chat here on YouTube, make sure they are focused on weekly strategy or basically just, like, game streaming, things like that. We're not gonna be doing, like, breaking down your trades or whatever on this, but we do have a few questions that are actually more specific to this week. This one's kind of open ended, but I'm guessing you're gonna understand what it means better than I do, which Henry says, when do I play Giannis this week? So I'm assuming what does the Bucks' schedule look like, Derek? Is that is it a little bit is it weird? Are they heavy this week? They play every other day starting today, basically. Monday, Wednesday, Friday. I mean, if you're if you're in a weekly moves league, then you should be starting him anyway. And frankly, I think if he's if he's healthy, you should start him, every single game. So those games would be, Monday. They're on a road or a road game at the Wizards, then they're gonna go visit the Celtics. And then they're gonna host the Wizards on Friday, and then they're gonna host the Blazers on, on Sunday. So as I'm going through that schedule there, I'm seeing 3 relatively uncompetitive teams. Well, 2, I guess I should say. 3 relatively uncompetitive games. So it's entirely possible that you might see a rest game from Giannis somewhere in there, but I'm not in the business of predicting injuries or rest games. So I think until you hear that news from someone who has those sources, I think you should plan to start Giannis in every single one of those games and hope that because he's playing some relatively uncompetitive teams that he is absolutely going to light it up because they're not gonna have anyone to stop him. I'm definitely going to be starting him against the Celtics on, on the Wednesday because, I mean, you you wanna get the stars in their big matchups. You know that Giannis has Jayson Tatum's name circled on his calendar, and the reverse is true. So those guys are gonna be getting up for each other, and I always like to bet on all stars when they're facing each other because you love to see the alphas really try to duke it out. Next question from the chat room. This is very much a weekly lineup question. Mitchell Robinson with 3 games or onyekaokangwu with 4 this coming week, which, I mean, like, hair splitting 101. I'm gonna say, Okangwu, but, I mean, this could really very much go either way. Both of these guys like, where's Robinson at in 9 cat right now? Ninety something and then Okong They're neck and neck in the 9 cat rankings. Yeah. They're very close. I I think you're right. It's gotta be Okong woo. If they if they're comparable producers, and, frankly, they they do produce mostly in the same areas, I think you just gotta take the guy with more games. Yeah. Just hope that, like and, again, you're playing the odds. It it doesn't mean that it always works. If Mitchell Robinson has the one, like, mega explosion 12.19 rebound 4 block game, then obviously we get this one wrong, but you're playing the odds. You got one extra chance on Okonwu to have a nice ball game, and most of the time, you just assume things kinda level out in stuff like this. And I really like Okonwu's schedule right now too. He's playing a bunch of teams that like to play small ball, so I think they're gonna really need his mobility to come out there and, kinda give Capella a break. So I think he's gonna have a chance to put up some really nice lines, especially in that Washington game. I'm picking on Washington today. Sorry. At I mean, hey. Everybody here listening has watched a Wizards game or at least looked at what they seem to be. There is nothing we can say about the Wizards that is not that is too mean right now. They are atrocious. Justin asks, should I try to squeeze one more game out of Dario Saric tonight or just drop him now for Cole Anthony? I guess it would depend on how aggressive the managers in your league are. If you think that he's gonna be there, if he's not one of the top trending ads on your waiver wire right now, I do like the risk of letting, of letting Sarge give you one more game before you move on to Cole Anthony where you can get that, back to back Tuesday, Wednesday. I mean, really, it's a back to back to back. So, yes, the answer is you should add Cole Anthony. If you think you can afford to delay until Tuesday, then do so. But if you are at all nervous that you might miss out on that player or that you think that Anthony is going to be, really productive for you, hopefully, you're in a guard stats build, then I I can't argue against going for him now. 3 games of him is better than one game of Saric. There are a bunch of rest of season questions floating around. Depending on time, I might be able to hit those towards the end of the show, but I really do wanna keep the the Derek segment here focused on the week ahead. I I had a strategic question that I don't know if I've asked you on the show before, and that is as you're building out this streaming, calendar attack method, whatever you wanna call, Charlie map, do you do you look at your opponent and like, are are you hunting categories, or are you just hunting, like, overall production? Because it feels like if you're going up a team, going up against a team where you're like, okay. This is a club I know is extraordinarily powerful and assists. Do I stream a different direction, or, is it too early in the season for that? How deep do you dive on the pairing on the the choice of streamer when their sort of overall production is somewhat similar, but just in different categories? I think you have to be planning to do that, especially as the competitiveness of your league goes up. I think you do have to know what your opponent's gonna be doing because, you know, if I'm facing a team that is loaded with all the best shot blockers in the league, then it doesn't really make a difference if I've chosen to stream Mitchell Robinson or Onyeka or Kung Lou or, you know, name another guy because they're just their value is going to be lost in that matchup. So you do need to know where your, metaphorical bread is buttered. Yummy. But, but I mean, really, it's, it's it's not the worst thing to get the best player available if you know that that best player available is at least, one order of magnitude greater than the other streamers that might just be categorized as specialists. So it is possible you might get a guy like a Santi Aldama who's just gonna blow it out of the water for 1 game or 1 week, and then it won't matter what categories you're trying to win because that's just too much value to leave on the wire. But in most cases, you should know. When you make a move, I wanna win assists. I wanna win steals. And you should be getting a player that does that. Now you should also know that if you're planning to win assistance deals, you should feel relatively confident that you can do that against your team or against your opponent because not every team is gonna be able to do that. So you need to know. And the best way to do that is to look at your opponent's past match ups. You're gonna you're not gonna have a huge history to look at, but look at their results from their past match ups. Look at the sort of star players, maybe we'll say their top five picks. And you're gonna have a really strong idea of what that team's gonna be good at. Even if you're just a casual basketball fan, you're gonna know that the scores are gonna be good at points. You're gonna recognize that a point guard is gonna produce a lot of assists. You're gonna recognize that a traditional big is gonna produce a lot of, rebounds blocks and have good field goal percentage. There are things you're gonna intuitively know. And if you get that sense about a team, you're gonna move in the upper other direction. He is Derek Ball. That was it. I didn't have another one. You cleared That's me. You cleared the deck, man. You cleared the deck. He is Derek Ball. He is at d ball b ball on social media, and I was looking at the clock. I was like, I I generally try to get you out of here after about 25 minutes. I don't wanna chew up your whole afternoon. Derek, as always, thank you, my good man. Dan, it's been a pleasure. We'll talk to you again same time next week. You well, roughly the same time. I don't I I do my best. Thank you, Derek. We'll see you soon. He is Derek Ball. A big thank you to at b ball b ball over on social media. Amazing Charlie Matt brain on the week ahead. Hopefully, you guys are able to get a lot of good stuff out of this on what direction to be streaming and on which days. I like that he attacks it from a long streaming standpoint as well, which you guys know that I'm a big proponent of because it allows you to stream multiple slots. It allows you to save moves if you need to for some of those rest of season guys that we talked about, a little bit earlier in the show. I wanna do before I get into the next segment, please do take a moment, everybody, to like, subscribe. I'm gonna keep leaning into that subscription thing. I'm gonna keep putting my elbow into it because I just I know it's not that hard to click that button. So please just take a second while you're hanging out with us here. Pause the show. Navigate over to the button there. Subscribe. Like. It's super fast. You'll get sports ethos updates. You'll get little notifications when we go live on all of our shows. These days, I'm trying to do, I think it's about 8 ish shows a week. I don't know that I'm ever gonna have time to do more than that until my kids are in college. Yay. Don't wanna wait that long. But either way, we get a lot of good stuff going. And the the faster that our YouTube channel grows, the faster that our podcast channels grow, the more that I can lean into all of this stuff, sort of justifying the time, the resources spent on it. And maybe someday, I'll learn how to do a video that's not so low tech. Someday. Let's talk about the weekly lineup decisions that are at the top of everybody's mind. We'll start at the, highest ranked players and just kinda work our way through the board. So stick with me here. This will be kind of a lightning round deal. Donovan Mitchell dealing with a hamstring strain. He's already been ruled out for tomorrow. That is not a good sign. You guys know this. We've all been around the block long enough to know when a player's ruled out a full day in advance, that generally means that they're not all that close to coming back. That said, the Cavs do have a 4 game week because they go back to back Tuesday, Wednesday, and back to back Saturday, Sunday. Meaning, what if you could maybe still get 2 games out of him? I just don't think you can take that risk. One game, 0 games out of a roster slot in a weekly lineup situation is a mess. If you're in a deeper league, maybe you have to take a shot on it because the guy you'd be putting in is, like, a top 250 player. But if you're in a 12 teamer and you have, like, a top 125 guy off the bench, it's giving you 4 games. That guy would get you relatively close to a 1, 1 and a half game Donovan Mitchell week. So that to me is the safer route to take on that one. Amprie Simon, CJ McCollum, still out long term. You don't have to worry about that. Same with Tyler Herro. Cam Thomas, we haven't had an update in the last 5 or 6 days, so I think we can assume that he's also not super close to coming back either. Alper and Shangu popped up on the injury report. He is questionable for tonight's matchup against Golden State with a lower back contusion that's called, dealing with a multiple day stretch in Los Angeles and then dealing with LeBron at the tear at the end of it. Doesn't sound all that serious. That said, Houston, only a 3 game week and front loaded Monday, Wednesday, Friday. You will likely have an update on him at some point later on this evening, but it might not come before lineups fully lock in certain weekly leagues. I don't know how you play him if he's still questionable at, like, 3:55 Pacific time, about an hour from now, and I I don't know that we're gonna get another update on it. If you're playing him, you're praying you get 2 games because he's right on the cusp. Now I I get it head to head leagues, which is the way most of these are when we're talking about a weekly lineup decision. 2 games out of Shangoun is pretty good. That's 40 points. That's 17 rebounds. That's 12, 11 to 12 assists, couple of steals at a block. Are there guys you could play that would give you that in a 4 game week? You're you're talking 10, 4, and some odd, 3 and some odd. Like, those guys actually don't really grow on trees, and that's why the cutoff for a 2 game week tends to be guys ranked around the top 50 or better. I feel like Shangoun is guaranteed 2 games this week. So I would call it, like, a 2.3 since we don't know how likely he is to play tonight. Is it 50 50? Is it slightly less than that? So I probably lean towards playing him, but that one is a really tight call and a very hard one. Derek White ruled out for Boston. It's the second half of a back to back, and they're calling it personal reasons, but I it's hard to know how legitimate that is. They still have 3 more games the rest of the week, so I think I'm probably a go on Derek White. Kelly Oubre still out for a while. I think Alex Caruso is a game time call or maybe he got upgraded to probable, so I think I would probably go with an okay on him. Kevin Herter is a weird one. He'd he's dealing with a finger issue, sprained it on his non shooting hand, missed their game on, Sunday night, but they play again tonight in New Orleans as part of a of a 2 gamer, down in the Bayou today and Wednesday, and he's questionable. So here's the thing. It's 3 game week for the Kings. Herder's been on a pretty significant heater prior to that game before. I think we'll probably get an update on him before lineup's lock because that game is about 5 o'clock Pacific time, so only about an hour after the full lineup lock takes place. If he's in, you just assume he's good for the rest of the week, and then he's probably a go in a lot of formats. If he's out, Hurter's not good enough to justify a 2 game week even with as hot as he's been, leading up to that one slower ball game. Jalen Duran just got ruled out. So in a best case scenario, he's a one game week, so he should remain on your bench. Caris LeVert was 1. I was out all day, and then, I like, I got home, and I saw that he had actually missed the last one with, I guess it's just being listed as left knee soreness right now. We talked about it with Donovan Mitchell. It's a 4 gamer for the Cavs. So Lavert is probably a go in a lot of formats. The only issue there is, like, we're not only talking about a guy that's just inside the top 100. Anything less than 3 games, and it's a very bad decision to throw him out there. So these are guys when you get back into the Lavertz and basically anybody we talk about that's beyond him, if you're not getting a full 4 game week, you can probably get more out of some dude ranked not that far away that's on the waiver wire that does have a safe, healthy 4 game week. Deeper leagues is probably a go. But 12 I mean, like, a 12 teamer, you should be able to find somebody who's ranked near 115, 120 on the waiver wire and just drop them in there for a 4 game week, and then you don't have to worry about it all that much. I don't know that there's anybody else that's good enough to really warrant this whole, like, should I or should not should I not start them to this point? Everybody else is pretty far down the board. And so I think those are most of your weekly lineup decisions, all rolled into one little pocket. Let's do a few questions that are not necessarily, weekly lineup related. You guys got to see my flannel pants there, but I was just trying to stretch my lower back during this part of the show. Haney Minnie says, is there a point at which we can drop Jordan Poole for someone like Derek Lively who fits my team better? I'm currently 2 and 2 in the standings. I don't know how you drop Jordan Poole. I mean so I I did say that I didn't wanna draft him. I made that very clear leading up to the season. He was one of the guys that I thought had a bottom that could just totally fall out, like a big time bust risk guy. But if you didn't listen to that and you drafted him, you kinda have to just stick with it because you know that at some point, he's just gonna start chucking up 18, 19 shots a ball game. I don't know what that point when when that point might be, but it's gotta happen at some point. He's not gonna just coast along like this all year without going and trying to blow the roof off the building a few times. So, no, I don't know how you drop Jordan Poole. You spent so much draft capital on him. And if you drop him, somebody will pick him up almost immediately to hope that this thing gets turned around. That's one of the other factors you have to think about when you drop a player. Will that player be there for me on in the Waver Wile pool if I ever change my mind? And with pool, no. Would you drop Immanuel Quickley for Draymond Green and 9 cat roto? Yes. Chris Paul for Kelvin Johnson? No. I'd rather have Chris Paul. By the way, depending on what site you're using to look for rankings, these guys have very different numbers. But Chris Paul's number 70 right now because, first of all, his field goal percent is up to now 39 instead of 36. These little these little tweaks, they go a long way. And his assists are still high, and his steals are still high, and his free throw percentage high. And, like, legitimately, he can go higher because the field goal percent should probably continue to tick in the right direction. Kelden Johnson is just a nightly fear zone on what he's gonna do to your percentages. Oh, I should've given this question to Derek. Oopsies. Should I drop Dyson Daniels after today and add Skyler Mays for Tuesday, then back to back drop Mays for a Bilal? I don't know, man. Points league, by the way. Well, let's see. Let me go to the schedules here for a second. New Orleans is a 4 game week. We know Jose Alvarado's coming back, so that could mess things up a little bit. The blazers are a 3 game week. I mean, at the like, you're not adding any games by moving, Dyson Daniels for Skyler Mays on Tuesday. They each have 3 games the rest of the week. Although, I guess, one of them is on an overflow day, so you semi overflow day. Pelicans are Friday, Saturday. Blazers are just Sunday. So Friday's an overflow day, then maybe you can't use Dyson Daniels there. I don't really like Bilal all that much. I don't think his fantasy game is is rounded out yet. I think I might just stick with Dyson Daniels for a bit. We need to make the the move this early. Should I get the jump and drop Gordon Hayward for Santi Aldama? It's a 10 teamer. Yeah. I'm fine with that. I don't know that Gordon Hayward's gonna be a 10 team guy when that team gets fully healthy. And we know Aldama is not gonna be a value for that long because, eventually, Jaw is gonna be back, and, Marcus Smart will be back at some point. And so guys are gonna get pushed out, but, I mean, I don't I don't think that you're gonna feel all that bad. Gordon Hayward will have some good games here and there because the that team is not fully healthy yet. But at some point, he's gonna get squeezed too. So he might as well just get the guy who's playing hotter right now. In a 12 teamer, I don't think I would have said that, by the way. Maxey or De'Aaron Fox? I'll go Tyrese Maxey. I think Fox, his three point numbers are gonna come down a lot. He's way out in front of anything he's ever done in his career by, like, a factor of 200% or something. So that's gonna that's gonna taper. And I know Max is gonna taper too. It's just, like, Fox is also taking, like, 4 shots more than any other year in his career, and it's not like the players around him got magically worse. He's just been really, really, really, really, really hot. And so you sort of you go with it. Cole Anthony or Sadiq Bey, if we're talking about this week, Orlando's got the 4 games Tuesday through Sunday. Atlanta's also got 4 games Tuesday through Sunday. Also got 4 games Tuesday through Sunday. If you're talking rest of season, I think I'd probably go Bay answer to both questions. Draymond Green is available in a head to head category league. Would you drop Dvincenzo for him after tonight? Yes. Fellas, what do you think about stashing Andre Drummond? He already pulls down so many boards in 15 minutes. I don't think the bulls are are shooting everybody out of there for a little bit yet. You sit on Drummond for a long time, and is bad in a lot of other categories. Trey Jones or Tias Jones rest of season? I'll go Tias. I hate the Wizards right now, but he just has more opportunity at the moment. Kevon Looney or Goga Batanze? I'll go Looney just while Draymond is out, and then I don't really want either of them all that much. Hey, Dan. Was 3 and o and lost last week to an o and 3 team after beating mid team close enough week before, how much should I panic getting into next week? I'm in a dynasty league and didn't make many changes. I mean, this crap happens. Sometimes a good team or a bad team has a good week. Sometimes a good team has a bad week. Sometimes the schedule gods just don't align. It's part of what I think makes head to head kinda stupid, but you certainly can't panic after 1 week. Would you drop Gordon Hayward for Trey Murphy? I am not dropping a healthy player for a player that is currently not playing, so no. Alex Caruso or Derek Lively? I don't know if this is this week or rest of season. If it's this week, it's Caruso because Chicago has 2 games in or, Chicago's 4 games, and Dallas only has 2. If it's the rest of season, it's probably Lively because we know Caruso is either gonna get hurt or traded or both, and Lively probably maybe neither. So Lively rest of season Caruso this week. Do you see it getting any better for Jaden McDaniels? No. No. I don't. I mean, he'll do a little bit more than he's doing right now. He's typically been a 1 one one guy, so the steals and blocks will probably get up closer to 1 each. But he's gonna probably be right around what he did last year, which was, like, between a 100a125, and he just slowly bounced around in there because there aren't any rebounds for him. There aren't any assists for him to get. There aren't enough shots for him to take. So all that's left is a steal, a block, and a 3 pointer, and hopefully good percentages. But there just isn't he's a he's a a shining example of a player who's way better in real life than they are in fantasy, and that is where we'll pull the plug because you guys have exactly 1 hour to get your line upset. Thanks as always for watching everybody. Subscribe. I don't care where you're taking this in. Please pause what you're doing and subscribe. Follow Derek Ball at d ball b ball. Follow me on Twitter at Dan Besperis, and, hang out with us again tomorrow. We'll break down the big Monday card on a Tuesday show. We'll also probably have a bye low episode. That was a good one last week. Everybody really enjoyed the buy low episode on Tuesday. So try to get another one of those bad boys going. Thanks to everybody for the, thanks to everybody for the questions, and I'll see you guys tomorrow. It's all on for now.