Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. I hope everybody had a lovely Thanksgiving. Welcome back. Welcome back. Just for, one here, one big one on this Friday, November 24th. We likely will not have a show over the weekend if I'm guessing. I know I always have this hair brained plan to get something out there, but I I don't know that it's gonna happen. Just a lot of family stuff this weekend. And I'm guessing for a lot of you, that's kind of a similar feel. We've, realizing that my board is is kinda too far back today. So I'll try to bring it forward a little. That was not doing any good. It's not doing any good at all. Ah, well. Maybe I can pivot things a tad. I know. Great start to the show. Welcome to it, everybody. It's Fantasy NBA Today. I am Dan Vaspris. Thank you all for tuning in and spending your Friday morning with us here on the, sports ethos fantasy NBA today feed. It's a big week in review Friday show. You guys know the drill on this one. We're gonna go through all the ads, drops, buys, sells, holds, watch lists, injury names that have emerged basically over the last week of basketball. I've ported them all into a very handy dandy little Microsoft Word window. I know it's extraordinarily low tech, but you know what? I don't care. That's the way it's gonna be. And before we start going through all those names very quickly here at the front end of the show, I wanna remind all of you guys to come hang out with us in our sports ethos Discord. It's really become a pretty fun place to be these days with people helping people. That's kind of what I've always hoping that it would come to is folks, you know, by post a question in a room, you might not get the analysts on it, but you're gonna get a whole bunch of other very smart sports ethos followers and just crowdsourcing good opinions, things like that. If you wanna get into the analyst side, if you wanna talk to the the pros, upgrade to a fantasy pass and pop it over there, find me on social at Dan Vesperos over the weekend at some point. Please do. I'll I'll still gonna be doing my stuff on social media this weekend. And, that's probably the promo I wanted to get in at the beginning of the show. So let's get to some names. Here we go. Fantasy basketball week in review. We're off and running. And as noted on the board, we're talking about really this is more of a season long type of approach to things. But let's go through some of the names and, see which ones require any additional explanation. We'll begin with the ads, and most of these are fairly straightforward. Most of these, the reasoning you guys will know immediately, but let's just bring them up real quick. The list starts with Buddy Heald who, just in case you guys missed the news earlier this week, slid back into the starting lineup for the Pacers for the first time this season and really for the first time since I think it was, like, mid March of last year. Remember they went young. They were trying them out in other parts of the order. Well, as a starter, he's gonna smash everybody. So that's the beauty part of Buddy Hield since his since inserting into the starting lineup. He's basically been, like, a second round kinda guy, and, no, he's not gonna shoot 70% from the field long term. But you get him in there taking a bunch of threes alongside Halliburton. He'll usually fall into a steal along the way. Good foul shooter, although he hasn't gotten to the line, I don't think, over the last week or 2. Regardless, he was someone that was getting dropped and for good reason because he was doing next to nothing coming off the bench. But he's starting now, And so, at least, like, triple check your league to make sure somebody didn't punt on him because I mean, thinking back to what we had said, we're like, look. If you're sitting on Buddy Heel, it's because you're hoping that he gets traded or something shifts, and then that thing happened. He was dropped in one of my one of the Yahoo leagues I'm in. I put a very large bid in on him, and so now I have a buddy healed. And I, you know, I he wasn't really a guy that I was planning on targeting this year. But with this shift, you kinda have no choice. Alex Caruso is the next name on the board. He's been an ad for most of the season, but I wanted to get him on the ads list today just so we could talk about the fact that he's now been inserted in the starting lineup. Over the season, he's averaging 24 and a half minutes per game. He's inside the top 70, moved into the starting lineup. What was it? About 2, 3, some odd 4 games ago? I honest to goodness, I can't remember exactly how long it was. But that it's not gonna dramatically change his per game production because the minutes are always gonna be held a little bit in check simply by the fact that his body can't handle playing an extraordinarily high number of minutes. But they've basically said, look. You gotta be a part of what we're doing here. Bringing you off the bench, dropping you in, parachuting after we're already down 15 points is not working. Please help, Alex. You're our only hope. And he's continuing to put up that, you know, 60 to 70 range stuff. So he he's been in ad for a while, but I wanted to get him back on the board here, and so I did. Next name on the ads board is Keontae George who, was on the ads board, I think, last week also and continues to have the ups and downs associated with a rookie stepping in and running point for an NBA team. When you look at the fact that over the last week, he's posting numbers that are outside the top 150, but we also have to look at a few key things. Number 1, he's shooting 30, 30%, on 11 shots per ballgame. He's basically been a tank free field goal guy over that stretch, where 11 shots a game is actually more than enough to get George into legitimate fantasy value. Because over that same stretch, he's averaging about 2, 3 pointers a night and 6 and a half assists, which is this really nice starting point now that his minutes are crawling up towards 30. If and, look, we don't know exactly how many shots per game he's gonna hit, but one can perhaps assume he'll get at least into the high thirties. I don't know that he gets to 40. Maybe he does. Maybe he doesn't. But that takes away a giant negative. It adds 3 pointers. It adds points. I think the assists, rebounds, and steals are relatively sustainable in what they've been the last 4 or 5 ball games. Side, you're probably not using him until the field goal percent starts to tick up a little bit. Head to head, you drop him in there every day, and you just sort of pray you get a week where he's not destroying your field goal number. But he definitely belongs on rosters, and I don't think I need to explain too much more on that one. Malcolm Brogdon's an easy one. I think we all thought he was gonna be out longer. He's actually the part of the cover art on today's podcast. When Brogdon gets hurt, he tends to miss a whole bunch of time, but he's back. And, you know, they're they're easing him back in. His minutes haven't been huge. It is 2 games since returning, but he did play in a back to back. And he posted what, you know, 20.6 assists in those games on average. This is another one where he's probably not on your waiver wire, but you have no idea if somebody was just like, crap. I can't sit on anybody else right now. I have to make a move. I gotta unload someone who's hurt. And if that guy was Malcolm Brogdon, if folks were like, oh, when Scoot comes back, doesn't matter what's hap what's gonna happen to Malcolm, then maybe he got dumped to the wire in one of your leagues. And so you should at least do sort of a quick pass on the waiver wire and see if he's available in any of the leagues you are in. Derek Lively the second is a repeat offender on this ads board. I wanted to get him back on the ads list because I know he hurt himself in that game against the Lakers, but he's young. He's sprightly. I would assume that he'll be back in the not too distant future. To back contusion. I could take I mean, that's what Bradley Beal was listed as, and then we see what's happened to him. But Beal's an older dude. Lively's young. We've seen him trending up basically every 2 weeks, and you you kinda gotta get him in your in your lineups when he gets healthy. So hold on to Derek Lively. I could've probably put him in the holds board, but I wanted to make sure he didn't get lost in that shuffle. So I put him on the ads board, and y'all are just gonna have to deal with it. Those are the 5 ads this week, which, you know, we had there wasn't anything on Thursday. I think the ads and drops are probably gonna be slightly less as we hit this sort of mid not midpoint, but, like, rolling into the dog days of the NBA season, and you're gonna see more and more players that arrive on the injury streaming board instead because that's where a lot of the value is right now. But let's go to holds next. I managed to get a whole bunch of stuff fit onto one page, so YouTubers, I think, are feeling spry right now. They can see what's coming up. Holds, the wizards, the whole damn team, because they did finally, in their last ballgame, get to play actual starters minutes. Kuzma, 35, Poole, 33, Gafford, 34, Thais, 35. Only Dani Avia was under 30 minutes that game. And not surprisingly, basically, all of them put up some sort of fantasy numbers losing to Charlotte, and the terrible Charlotte defense certainly helped the situation. But we've got this sort of point coups thing happening. Tyus Jones had 7 assists and a couple of steals. Gafford had 16 rebounds. Even Jordan Poole had a serviceable game even if he couldn't throw a damn shot in the bucket. Another 21 field goal attempts to get to 24 points. But that's the kind of stuff that we're hoping persists. Might not. Washington's playing who are the bucks, I think, tonight. So another blowout may be on tap, but we finally got to see it. We finally got to see their starters actually go starters minutes, and it all made sense as to why guys were drafted where they were. Let's hope it happens again, but this is, I think, a pretty good example and an easy one to just point to and say, this is why you can't dump these guys because look what happens when they actually get to play legitimate starters minutes. Gordon Hayward is on my, holds board. He this is a bad ballgame again on Wednesday. Four points, 9 boards, 6 assists, 3 turnovers, no steals, no blocks, no threes, 2 out of 8 shooting. I don't like the 8 shots. I do like the 6 assists. I like the 9 rebounds. Miles Bridges took 18 shots in that game against Washington and was very involved in everything going on. And then Brandon Miller took 12 shots, and so there is a fear. I have some fear that Gordon Hayward is gonna peter out here as the as Miles Bridges gets right, and then Terry Rozier will come back, and that'll be sort of even bigger pinch on what everybody's doing. But I'll say it I said it once. I'll say it again. I do think more of what we're seeing with Hayward is stemming from the fact that LaMelo Ball has gotten warm now. He started the year very slowly. Now you've seen LaMelo on kind of a vicious tear to get his field goal percent up to 44. And at some point, he'll probably go through another shooting slump. I don't know when. Could be soon. Could be months out. That's when you saw earlier this season. That's when you saw Gordon Hayward takeover and do more of that in game orchestrating and be kind of more of a feature guy. So, you know, the end result of all of that is, let's give Gordon Hayward another week or so. I put 1 or 2 games on the sheet here, but it could be just call it a week to see if he can settle in, to see if he can find the role that he had a week and a half ago or some facsimile of that role. Next hold is on Yekka Okonwu. I I was really hoping that I was never gonna have to talk about him again on the show, not because I'm upset about Okonwu, but because I thought it was clear enough that this is what he is when Clint Capela is healthy. He's number 85 in 9 cat right now. Point 6 steals, a block, 97 with good percentages. You can't expect much more when he's going 20, 22 minutes off the bench. If Capela gets hurt, Okongo goes rocket boosting up inside the top 40 on a per game basis, and you just hope that we can squeeze a few games out when he's the starting center. But even if you can't, he's startable right now anyway. So I I I'm I'm starting to get those questions again, and I was just I was wishing that they wouldn't emerge, but here they are. There is not a single player in the I'm scared, nervous, or drop zones this week. Hayward would have probably been the closest to that. And then everybody that's on the watch list that, like, maybe those are guys that got picked up in certain leagues where you could call them I'm scared guys, but not for me. And so we get to just zip right past this one. There wasn't an obvious drop this last week. How about that for fun? The watch list is 5 names deep, and the first one everybody's gonna yell at me about, but it's Bilal Kulbri who, look, like, I've I'll repeat myself a little little bit here. So sorry if you've listened to every show the last couple of weeks. You're gonna hear something I've already said. Minutes have been trending up over the last 2 weeks. He's averaging 27 minutes per ballgame. Thinking about the last one week, he's at 20 5, although that that last ballgame was one where his minutes were lower. And the thing is he's showing flashes. He's showing flashes of what the Fantasy value could be. The problem is we haven't seen it stick. So he had a few games in there where this the steals were super high, and he was shooting 56% from the field, which is a number that we know isn't gonna stick because he's taken some 3 pointers, and Washington is not exactly great at getting dudes wide open shots. But if things break his way, you could see the rebounds, the steals, the blocks as being kind of a nice supplement to whatever he's doing in the actual scoring categories, which I don't expect to be a very large number. The reason is on the watch list for me is that I don't think that with the Wizards healthy and not I know that they're they're sort of, monitoring or capping out minutes for the starters regularly on that club, but it's not every day. And no one's out. If Avdiya was out or if Thijs Jones was out or whatever, then do you see slide into the starting lineup and lock in 30 minutes per ball game? Possibly. But can he shoot 55%? Probably not. Can the defensive stats be around 2 per ball game? Maybe. Maybe. Do we expect him to score more than 11, 12 points per game? Probably not. Because there's too many guys on that team that are in the pecking order in front of him in terms of the actual offensive production stuff. I added Bilal in a Keeper League because I think, at some point, you're gonna see the Wizards dump the veterans whether it's trading them or just shutting them down. And that's when he can step in, and you'll start to see because I don't know that he'd necessarily be, like, a running the show kinda dude, but just getting enough opportunity. 7 shots becomes 9 or 10, something to that effect. These these things that seem small in the moment but are actually a really big deal because then you're not just praying for a good sample size. Like, let's hope the percentages are good for the next week if that's how he's inside the top 100. At that point, you can just get it by him doing stuff on the court. Circuitous explanation, I know, but the point I'm arriving at here with Bilal is that I don't think that he's a roto playable guy every single day. I think that he's a little more stashy, but he's been just good enough on the head to head side where you can call him of an active stash. And, you know, for Roto, you can just sit on him. Deandre Hunter is on the watch list in case he heats back up again. He had a nice ballgame for Atlanta and that crazy high scoring one against Brooklyn, put up 25 and 11 with 3 defensive stats and made all of his free throws, but he'd been going through this very pronounced up and down so far this year. And at the end of all of it, Hunter is ranked 172. So this is not a guy that I'm expecting will be a long term solution. But if he gets super hot, then you probably wanna roll with him for a week or something. Norman Powell is on my watch list. I wanted to talk more about him, and then he promptly got himself hurt, in that Clippers win over San Antonio on Wednesday. I don't know what the timeline is on Powell. It's a sore groin. Those things do tend to linger a little bit. But prior to that, he had become their feature bench scorer. So, basically, if Paul, George, Kawhi, whoever wasn't out there on the floor, Norm was going and taking it to the rack over and over again. So he's a good free throw percentage helper typically in his career. He'll hit a couple threes. He's just a gifted offensive player. But then he got hurt 14 minutes into a ballgame. We don't really know what to do with that information, and so I gotta keep him on the watch list instead of the ads board because because we just don't know what his role is gonna be exactly. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area, find the best deals on game day drinks, and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Rashaun Holmes is on the watch list. He played he picked up most of the Derek Lively minutes against the Lakers in the Mavs last ballgame, but that doesn't necessarily mean he's gonna do it again because it had generally been Dwight Powell. Went healthy, it was Maxi Kliba. Also, maybe Lively gets back quickly. But we've seen Rashad Holmes put up fantasy numbers in the past. I've never seen somebody go from, like, playing in their prime to being almost completely useless in, like, a week, but that's what happened to Holmes in Sacramento. But maybe there's some kind of life in him here as the backup in Dallas, the backup to the backup, basically. So watch list. Let's see what he does in the Mavs next ballgame and go from there. And Jonathan Isaac who hit 19 and a half minutes. And I said if he hit 20, and I rounded up on that one that I was gonna pick him up. And then he promptly saw his minutes dip back down again. Some of that may have been because the Magic, I believe, had a doubleheader mixed in. Overall, Isaac is number 170 in only 14 minutes per ballgame, which is, again, that's the magic of Jonathan Isaac. If You're looking at just the last couple weeks, he's top 100 in 15 minutes per game. This is why I keep saying, like, if he can approach 20 minutes, he's a go, but he sort of did and then sort of didn't, and maybe there's a possibility we need somebody to get hurt in front of him. Like, do they even think that his body can handle more than 20 minutes per ball game? It it sure seems like the answer is no, but we should keep an eye on him because he has one of the best fantasy profiles in the entire NBA if he ever got enough minutes to do anything with it. You know, mid twenties in minutes is is basically, like, a top fifty guy for him. And full starters minutes, you guys might recall, 1 was that 2 years ago? He was a 2nd rounder in starters minutes. Before I go to, the next board here, I wanna once again remind everybody that, you know, a number of you have joined since the last time I did this and are watching with us live. But, also, if you're listening or watching after the fact, please take 5 seconds to go hit the like button. These big weekend shows are an opportunity for us to grow our YouTube page, for us to grow our podcast audience. And, for better or worse, we need your help on that. So please go hit some sort of button. Subscribe. That's also quite useful. The subscription button, I'd like to see that number tick up even while I'm going here. I know there aren't as many of you hanging out doing basketball stuff today because it's the day after Thanksgiving. But if you're hanging with us, please hit that like button. Please hit that subscribe button. And if you have a moment listening on the pod channels, find a way to do a 5 star review. That's also very helpful. Oh, and, again, on social, I'm at Dan Vespers. I'm sure I'll see you guys over there. The next board is the injury replacements board, and this is a big one right now, but not all of these guys are a start. These are the guys that have seen please pay attention to this. These are the guys that have seen their opportunity spike because of an injury in front of them. What I'm gonna do here as I talk through it is give you guys the names that I think are worth playing in the specific scenarios that we're gonna lay out. And there's a lot of names here, so buckle up a little bit. But we're not gonna go deep explanation on all of them, so it shouldn't take too long. Miami, Tyler Herro, his absence has really opened the door for 3 guys on the heat. Duncan Robinson has been a very easy stream. He's hurt right now. He's questionable for the game. Got hurt in that last one. So, potentially, you wouldn't be able to use him this evening. But I forgot to put Thomas Bryant on this board who I should probably go back and fix. You guys can actually see me do it here. We'll do it live. Alright. Thomas Bryant right in with the with the heat and then hero slash Bam. I believe Bam is questionable for this one. There we go. Fixed it right there. Live on air. Thomas Bryant is a is a potential stream. If Bam misses time, he we know Bryant can put up okay fantasy numbers if he gets, you know, 24, 25 minutes or more, and that seems like basically what he was looking at because defensively, he's a sieve. And there's just sort of only so long you can leave him out there. But offensively, he's very gifted, very good mid range shooter, finishes around the bucket extraordinarily well. He just can't guard anybody. But we don't really care about that for fantasy purposes. Kyle Lowry and Jaime Akaes were the ones we talked about on Wednesday's show as guys that technically had been startable with Tyler Herro down, and I just kept wimping out on actually putting them into my lineup. But then Kyle Lowry exploded in that last ballgame, and so that kinda makes that decision a heck of a lot easier. Although, it's worth noting that that was the big one, and probably the next ones to follow won't be quite so large. Since Tyler Herrall went down, Lowry is, like, around a top 90 guy. Ah, Kez is number 103 in those week and a half, 2 weeks that we've been staring down so far. So, again, technically, they're both startable in all formats. It's just been hard for me to pull the trigger on it. Lowry getting threes, some assists, some steals. He hasn't completely ruined your percentages, which again, you're playing with fire a little bit there. Aquez has been more points, rebounds, and percentages. I I like like, they could fall off a little bit. That's what I keep worrying about. Okay. Kyle Lowry is not a 46% guy from the field these days. That's basically what he's been shooting since Harrow went down. How long before the bottom falls out? It hasn't yet, so I guess you can kinda keep going with it. I continue to be too nervous. Golgibatadze has, finally kinda locked in that starter's job. I know that he got the start right when Wendell Carter Jew went down at junior, and he had a really good game against the Lakers. And then the next couple, he and Mo Wagner were basically splitting the center minutes. But over the last few ball games, it's mostly been Betadze doing the damage. Thinking about just, like, the last week on this. Where's Goga the last week? Number 80 in about 27 minutes per game. And, well, that's 3 blocks a night. I don't know that that number is really long term sustainable. We don't need long term. We just need a week or 2. So Goga makes sense as the fill in there now, and Wagner, you can pretty much write off. Bobby Portis, we've talked about this one for Jae Crowder. We don't need to go in a whole lot of new news on that one. Craig Portis junior in Cleveland has actually filled in kinda well for Donovan Mitchell. He's one that I don't think I'm starting immediately. But just be aware, let you know, for head to head purposes, that's a guy you could drop into a lineup pretty easily. For Roto, I probably wouldn't. Again, there's this distinction, and then people have been like, Dan, why are you making this distinction? Well, here's how it makes sense. Roto, you want every game cap you use, every game against your cap to be someone that you feel is gonna be top 100 or better in a 12 team league. You don't wanna blow a game's cap game on somebody who might not be as good. Head to head, you find a guy like, say, again, Craig Portis junior here where we don't know if he's gonna post a good game in the next one. But over the span of, say, 7 days, if the Cavs had 4 games over 7 days and you figured he was gonna be filling in for Donovan Mitchell for all 4 of them, that's a good enough week because it doesn't count against the games cap. You just wanna you just wanna roll stats together. Obi Toppin put a couple of good games together for Indiana. Aaron Neesmith has been is the reason why. If Neesmith plays, I don't think that I would throw Toppin in there. If he doesn't and just get Obi in with a bunch of extra shot attempts, many of them alongside Tyrese Halliburton, but wait. We'll get to that because he's on the injury board also. Toppin's a playable guy in starters minutes, but he really does need, like, a full 30 minutes per game to get there. So that's why you really need somebody out for this one to make sense. However, both Tyrese Halliburton and Andrew Nembhard are questionable for the Pacers game this evening. If they sit, TJ McConnell is gonna go crazy. He's done nothing so far this year, McConnell, but he's the 3rd string point guard on that team, and we saw him pick up some slack. I think Halliburton missed one game earlier, and Pacers were not surprisingly kinda bad in it. Nembhard played about half the game. McConnell played about half the game. TJ only needs about 24 minutes to be a fantasy guy, but if both point guards are out in in front of him in the pecking order and you start to see a 30 minute McConnell, that's a top 50 kinda game. So be ready to potentially drop him in even though we might not get the news on this one until well, when the heck do the Pacers play tonight? When's their ballgame? Indy's at home, so, that one is a 4 o'clock Pacific time start. By the way, there's a game coming up in, like, an hour and a half today, so make sure your Boston Orlando guys are already in your lineup. I know. We're gonna be doing our weekend preview, and that one game's gonna have already happened. What do we got next on the docket here? Reggie Jackson, he's not one that I'm starting in roto. Again, one that makes more sense if you can sort of compile stats on the head to head side. Spencer Dinwiddie tips just a tiny bit farther into the maybe roto. His game is quite similar to Reggie Jackson, low field goal percent. Free throw is often a neutral for Dinwiddie. Points, threes, assists, kinda the only stuff he does on the court. But the last game, he's done enough of it. So head to head Dinwiddie, obviously, he's a go. Like, that's not even a question if you get a decent schedule, and he can give you 3 games in 4 or 5 nights. That's playable. Roto, it's an again, where I just don't think I have the stones to play him. His last ballgame was very much a games cap worthy game, but the you know, he had, like, 3 or 4 before that, well, that weren't. So try to interpret this the best you can for your team and your league. Santi Aldama in Memphis had a quiet game last time out, but, Xavier Tillman has still been out. Marcus Smart is out for a while. Desmond Bane might actually miss time also. That leaves nobody. It's Jaren Jackson Junior and Santee Al Damer just gonna have to take every shot for a game or 2, and that's good for Fantasy. So that's why he's on the injury replacement board. Paul Reed was awesome with Joel Embiid out on Wednesday. I'm expecting Embiid to play, but on the chance he doesn't, you freaking better have Paul Reed ready to go because his fantasy numbers are huge when he gets playing time. I don't care that Marcus Morris started. Means nothing to me. Harrison Barnes. I don't know that I'd play him in roto, but Keegan Murray being out allowed Barnes to get a few more shots up, and that allowed him to put up a decent Fantasy line. Simple as that. He's extremely boring. When that team is healthy, he doesn't get anywhere near enough touches. But as bodies drop, and I still think the Kings are gonna have some kind of injury situation this year because they had none last season. And it's very weird for a team to be super duper healthy 2 years in a row. Fox, Murray, Sabonis, Barnes, all those guys basically played every damn game last year. It's just not gonna happen again this season. Kings would be quite good if they all were healthy, but I just I I think we're gonna see something tip the other way. We already saw fox Fox miss, what, 3 or 4 games. Now Keegan's probably gonna miss a few. If they get hurt at the same time, the west is just such a gauntlet. Like, you need your bodies. You need your horses in there. Dyson Daniels has been a really nice stream with CJ McCollum out, but there's a big question mark there with Jose Alvarado starting to ramp back up again. So he's kind of a maybe on this injury replacement board. Kobe White is also a bit of a maybe. Zach LaVine is a game time decision for tonight. Last I saw, he's listed as questionable, but I think he's gonna try to give it a go. We'll wait and see on that one. Again, you gotta just watch the news on these. And then Kelly Olynyk, he's a fun one. Now finally getting a chance in the starting lineup with Walker Kessler out. They tried other lineups with largely leaning on Ochayabaji, but, they benched him. Olynyk got in there, and then we know if Kelly puts up it has starters minutes. He puts up gigantic fantasy numbers. So he's actually one of my favorite streams on this board if he starts for the jazz. And the last page on our week in review of the buy lows and the sell highs. Now that we have a buy and a sell show on this thing, I don't wanna repeat myself too much, but I will a little bit. The buys right now are Khris Middleton, who we've just seen finally kinda cracked the the code on getting his minutes up a little bit higher. You might be able to get him for someone near the, like, 90 range, and that's probably a reasonable price to pay because he's not there yet. The person rostering him is probably not gonna be super willing to part with Middleton if they've been waiting it out to this point, but this is your opportunity to try even if it fails. Jaren Jackson junior is on my buy board. He really couldn't be any worse than he's been so far this year. He's number 83 percentages or field goal percent is bad. Steals and blocks are way down. With him, it's gonna be about getting that defensive stat going again. And I do think I have every reason to believe that at some point, they will. He's just being he's being asked to do way too much on the offensive side, and so it's kinda killing his chance to do anything defensively. But he's with every passing game, he becomes a more affordable by low. And OG Anunoby, who was also on our board a couple days ago as a by low, there's every reason to believe that his steals numbers are gonna go up, that his free throw percent is gonna go up. He just makes no sense where he is right now. And I would also believe I I would assume his rebounds and maybe even assists could trend up a little bit as well. And Anuby is also a buy low. And then the only sell high is Kyle Kuzma, who's putting up these giant assist numbers lately that I just simply can't believe are gonna stick, especially that the 48% shooting feels like the one that's absolutely headed down. Question is, what can you get for him? Probably a lot because he's scoring a bunch and he had these big assist games. There's a lot of buzz around him right now. He's ranked 60th in 9 cat. If you can get somebody near 60 for Kuzma, I would a 100% do it. So do it. Alright. That's your weekend review. We're gonna take a look at all 30 teams' next ball games coming up over the weekend. But before we do, I wanna get to a couple pieces of news that popped up over the NBA. One of them and one of our our viewers here, I'll throw it on the board. He says, any update on Josh Giddey? And the answer is no. And I don't know if all of you guys heard the news, but Josh Giddey, appeared in some Instagram photos posted by a high school sophomore where she has basically claimed that they had inappropriate relations. We don't really know the legitimacy of any of this yet. I'm assuming the Thunder and the NBA will probably have some kind of investigation. Until we hear something, we probably just need to assume that he's gonna keep playing. But news may pop up in the next hour, 2 hours, whatever it is. I'm not a big Josh Giddey fantasy guy anyway because he's not a particularly strong 9 cat player, and that's mostly what I talk about on this show is 9 cat stuff. I think Giddey is, like, outside the top 200 on the year. So to that end, he wasn't really startable anyway. If he misses time, the hot hand in the in OKC has been Isaiah Joe. That's the guy you'd probably look at to get a a little more fill in with Shay Gilgeous Alexander probably picking up most of the point guard type duties, and, they'll just find other ways to kinda share the basketball. So right now, nothing no update on Giddey. Don't do anything about it yet. We don't know how the NBA is gonna handle it. We don't know if it's real. We don't know if it's a joke. Whatever. It could be quite bad if it turns out to be real, but for the moment, let's just sit on it. Here's what I'd like to do. Let's let's get through our, weekend preview part of the proceedings. Let me see if I can get that up on the screen here. Make it nice and big. There's Friday's games. So you're the scene playing on Friday, and you'll know we do this pretty fast because most of the angles we're pursuing on these games are stuff that we talked about already on the sort of weekend review. So we'll move through the 30 teams pretty fast. 10, 15 seconds on each team, probably maximum here. Boston Orlando, that ballgame again starts in about an hour and a half from the time we are doing this podcast. We already talked about Goga on the Orlando side. Boston, we owe Drew Holiday is doubtful, so there is a little angle there to look at who fills in. When Derrick White was hurt or out earlier this week, Peyton Pritchard had a big ball game. My guess is that Sam Houser probably gets the start, but you never know. They might go big and let Al Horford get in there. We gotta wait and see. Phoenix, Memphis, not much with the Suns until we hear about Bradley Beal getting closer. So right now, you can just sort of coast along. Kevin Durant, by the way, questionable with a sore foot in this game. Feen or the Suns may be looking for an opportunity to give their their main guys some rest, and Memphis has been so terrible that I don't this feels like an opportunity to maybe do so. Grizzlies, we already talked about Aldama. Jjj is a. But if Desmond Bane misses time, it's possible that someone else will have no choice but to put up some numbers. Would that be Jacob Gilliard? I don't know. I think we need to see and put 1 in the rolodex before we start adding and subtracting stuff. We talked about all the streamers on the Heat. There's possibly 4 of them depending on who's in and who's out. The Knicks, I'm I'm tipping towards drop Josh Hart, and maybe he should have been on the board earlier as someone that I am putting more into the I'm worried or drop zone. Perhaps that's the name that got left off here. Either way, it doesn't look like he's getting 30 minutes when the Knicks are healthy, and that's what we need out of him to hit fantasy value. And so we'll make it very simple. He's playing 30, to no. And if he's not, then or if he is, then it's a yes. You guys in the chat room just said that Drew is out and not doubtful, which is fine. I mean, I was assuming that he was probably not gonna play. Someone's listed as doubtful in the morning. You can generally assume they're not going. News came out, I think, 11 minutes ago that he's actually been, listed as out. We also got word. Giannis is questionable. That came up about 20 minutes ago on the Milwaukee side, so that would be a really big thing for Bobby Portis. He and it's an illness. Giannis has an upper respiratory infection, it looks like. Non COVID illness. If they don't say gastroenteritis, I'm gonna assume that that means that he's coughing a bunch, which, by the way, if any of these guys have the thing that I've been battling for the last 4 weeks, there's no way they're playing basketball. Anyway, we'll get to the Bucks in a little bit. So that's the, that's the Knicks. Bulls, Zach LaVine is questionable. I'm looking for more information on Kobe White pretty much every time he that LaVine doesn't play, But we've said it a couple times earlier this week. If there's a chance you could squat on White now, you might wanna do it because we know LaVine is on the trade block. What I don't know is when he gets moved. Might be now, might be a week, might be 2 months. That would be the trade deadline, basically. That'd be 2 and a half months, I guess. We don't know. At some point, though, it seems like the bulls are gonna have no choice but to blow it up. And when they do, Kobe White stands to benefit probably more than anybody. But Patrick Williams could also be a guy there. Andre Drummond could be a guy there. There's a lot of stuff in Chicago. The reason I brought up Kobe White first is that he's one we already know steps into more usage, and he needs a lot of usage because his fantasy game is not perfect. Toronto, nothing really. Pistons, it sounds like we're gonna get Jaylen Duren back. That's fun. So bye bye, Marvin Bagley and Isaiah Stewart thoughts of any kind. Jaden Ivy has played big minutes his last 2 or 3 ball games. His fantasy game is a bit iffy for 9 cat, but it'd be nice to see if there's been some growth there. Indiana, we just talked about all the guys that are questionable. Nesmith, Nembhard, Halliburton, chance to get some streams going. But, again, you just have to watch the news watch The Wire on that one, see what we, what comes out on who's in and who's out. Saco Ramento. We talked about Keegan Murray. That's the only real story there along with the Harrison Barnes. Minnesota, 1st game without Jaden McDaniels. I should put Nikhil Alexander Walker on the watch list earlier in the show. I always miss someone, and then it comes up as I'm going through the games ahead. He got the start with Jaden McDaniels out. Jaden's expected to miss 2 to 3 weeks with his sprained ankle. I don't know that Alexander Walker is gonna get enough usage to do anything, but you never know. Maybe they maybe he ramps up how many shots he takes. Kinda doubt it because McDaniels wasn't exactly taking a ton of shots. Maybe Kyle Anderson, that was what we said before. Is it gonna be slow mo? Is it gonna be Nas? Is it gonna be nobody? Probably nobody for for Roto, but Alexander Walker, slow mo, those guys could be a little more useful to get on their head to head side. Wizards, nothing really outside of just the tank. Milwaukee, we just talked about Giannis being listed as questionable, so that would open the door for Bobby Porters to do a ton of stuff. You probably get enough of Pat Connington even there to make sense, and then Dame would have to have a big ballgame again. Denver, nothing really. Houston, nothing really. San Antonio, also nothing really. I know. A lot of teams where we kinda know what up what's up at this point. Warriors, is Klay finally waking up? Is Wiggins waking up? I'm inclined to say maybe on Klay, and I'm inclined to say maybe not on Wiggins. But, again, you never know. Chris Paul had been very good with Draymond out. He got ejected. He got Scott Foster in their last ballgame, and, that dropped him from top 50 to, like, 64, but easy peasy. New Orleans, Dyson Daniels, Jose Alvarado, Jordan Hawkins, all that stuff. Jonas Valancunas, who's been blocking a crap ton of shots. All that is kinda stuff to monitor. And then the Clippers, I hope Norman Powell plays because I'd like to, frankly, see what he's gonna do with the team in this particular build. But, again, I don't I don't really know, and he might not play. Looking ahead to Saturday, Philly, that's gonna be whether or not Joel Embiid is in the lineup or not. Obviously, if he's not, you go Paul Reed. OKC, we'll see if anything about Josh Giddey emerges before that ballgame. And if it does, then we'll have more things to pay attention to there. Miami, we've talked about. Brooklyn, Dinwiddie is kinda the only thing there. Hawks, very straightforward. Wizards, we talked about Lakers. Cam Reddish being out has sort of opened the door for something else to happen, but I don't think we're gonna see it. Feels like it's just the core 4 for LA these days. Cleveland is gonna come down to Donovan Mitchell's health. Everything else is relatively locked in at this point. If he's out, again, head to headers, you might look at Craig Porter junior. A lot of Porter Junior's floating around. Pelicans, we talked about. Jazz, if Olinic's still in the starting lineup, I think it's probably the big question there. Mavericks hits the health of Derek Lively, And, we already talked about the Clippers. And does anybody not go today or tomorrow? The Blazers, there you go. Blazers are are off couple days. They'll play again on Sunday, and, you know, Malcolm Brogdon being back, I think, pretty much shores that up. And then whether or not Deandre Ayton plays in that ballgame, because he missed the last one, and, Reeve had a decent ballgame, and Jabari Walker had a better ballgame. And, like, I'm probably not gonna take the plunge on those types of guys if Ayton misses another ballgame, but it is something to sort of throw in the back of your brain. And does anybody else Charlotte on Sunday, Gordon Hayward is what you're paying attention to there. I think that's the entire NBA. Yeah. That's all 30 teams. That's what you're paying attention to. Alright. We're about 42 minutes deep. Let's do a few questions, and, then we'll wrap up the week here. Let's see. Klay Thompson, Bruce Brown, Scoot Henderson, or Tyus Jones? Nine cat. I have to drop 1 by the end of the week. Well, the one of these 4 that's absolutely positively not producing 9 cat value right now is Scoot. Now certainly, you're he's a guy you're gonna wanna have on your team in February March, most likely. But if, like, if you need to win right away, he's not really helping right now. Now if you're looking down the line and say, okay. I can't drop Scoot. I need to make sure I stash him. Then, it's probably Bruce Brown because his ceiling is the lowest of the remaining players. A good Bruce Brown year is gonna be, like, 90 range, whereas, you know, if Tyus Jones suddenly starts getting minutes, he could be a top 60, top 70 guy. Same story for Klay Thompson if he starts to get his shot to fall. Would you try to sell high on Paul George and Booker due to injury risk? Problem is I think other teams are aware of whatever the injury risk might be. Paul George is number 8 in 9 cat right now. Where's Booker at? He's number 11. I don't know that I would move on from either of those guys because Bradley Beal's out a few more weeks, so Devin Booker is gonna just keep having this gigantic run that he's on as he is right now, the point guard. Beal comes back. They're likely gonna do more splitting of that depending on who the hell's healthy. You know, if you could trade Booker and get a top 12 guy back, I probably would, but I don't think you can. So you're you probably just enjoy it. And then with Paul George, I think if you can get anybody inside the top, like, 15 to 18 back, you'd probably do it. But, again, I don't know that that's gonna work. Like, I don't think anybody's gonna give you, what, Scottie Barnes for him? Probably not. You're not getting Steph. You're not getting these guys that were drafted at the very top end. So, I mean, the short answer is yes. If you could sell them, you probably should, but I don't know that you're gonna be able to get much. Who would you target if you were selling Kyle Kuzma? You know, there are some names around him that I I think are really interesting. Michael Porter Junior is really close by. DeMar DeRozan isn't that far off. Vooch isn't that far off. He, Zach LaVine isn't that far off, and LaVine people are probably worried about right now. I don't know if I'd go any lower because I feel like with the way he's scoring and assisting right now, you could you could sort of aim big. Could you get Freddie VanVleet? I doubt it. Jalen Brunson, worth a try. I don't know if that helped at all. Rank Caruso, Quickley, and Iason. It's that order. Should I drop Jonathan Isaac for Goga Bitazie? Yeah. I think I would. Do I trade Kyrie Irving for McHale Bridges for the playoff schedule advantage or no? It's a points league. Boy, I might. I might. Depends on whether or not you think your team is still strong enough to get there with the per game drop off you take getting rid of Irving for Bridges. I feel like you could probably get somebody better than Bridges for Kyrie. Kyrie's number 23 right now, and he really hasn't even hit his stride in a number of different facets and, like, wait for Luca to miss a ball game too. So my answer to this is maybe, but I feel like you could aim even higher. Pascal Siakam or Jaylen Brown rest of season. Give me Jaylen Brown. Safer. Because Siakam could get moved if Toronto goes on a stinky, stank run. Is Sadiq Bay a drop? Yes. I have Scoot on IL. I know you're not a fan, but I feel like he has some trade value. Would you drop Avia, Suggs, Gauthier, Tyus Jones, or just let Scoot off the hook? The rest of those guys are gonna be much better than him for, I would guess, again, the next 2 to 2 and a half, 3 months. It's just a long time. Like, I get it. I get it, guys. Scoot's gonna be good later this year, probably. I get it. I just I have so much trouble sitting on a guy for that long. Too many things can go wrong. Other guys in your team can get hurt. You can have weeks where you just have a game's disadvantage. And so if you have a guy in your team that's, like, kind of a black hole for Fantasy stats And and, you know, Scoot, there's probably gonna be it's not like he goes from being completely unplayable to very good over and just overnight. There's gonna be a curve to this where he slowly gets better, presumably. But it feels to me like it's many weeks before he passes any of those other guys. If any of them is a drop, it's probably Keontae George, but I think I'd rather just not have to deal with waiting on Scoot forever. Someone dropped Ja Morant in a public league. How much fab would you use to pick him up? 25% more? More. Memphis is what? We're, like, halfway through his suspension. So you know you're only holding for about 3 more weeks, and then he's gonna play. And I know 9 cat, his numbers are weird because his free throw shooting is bad, and his turnovers are super duper high. And his field goal percent is not helpful, but there aren't that many dudes out there that you could pick up that'll probably post mid to high twenties in points. You know, 5, 6 boards, 7, 8, 9 assists, and over a steal ballgame. You know, he's playable in any format. And then in head to head, if you happen to be punting turnovers, free throw, or field goal percent, he is an absolute juggernaut. So, I would go more than 25% of your fab budget. This is you know, guys like that don't pop up where they're just absolute guaranteed mega producers. I don't know about all because you may wanna have some at some point, but I would say between 5080 is perfectly reasonable. Any chance that Embiid misses a few games? I picked up Paul Reed, and I'm about and I'm about to stream the slot. I don't know, Troy. Sorry. I haven't heard anything on Embiid since he missed that last ballgame. Anything's possible with Joel. I'm assuming he's back because they had a few games off or a few days off here between basketball games. Obviously, you're gonna want Paul Reed if Embiid is ruled out, but, also, like, you can still stream and get more here because they Paul Reed only has one more game. So I would probably stream it and just say, I hope Embiid comes back, because if you wait and then Embiid comes back, then it's kinda too late really to stream the spot effectively. Derek Lively or Wendell Carter Junior? I actually think Lively has the more interesting upside between the two because he gets defensive stats. Call me nuts. I'm not a big Wendell Carter Junior Fantasy guy. I think well, he's using, like, 103 last year. This season, he's not even approaching any of that type of stuff. He just can't get any higher than that because he doesn't block shots. Just a tiny bit more here, guys. I don't know how many questions we got, but, just a few more, and then I gotta wrap it up. Oh, here's another situation where Scoot got dropped. Do I drop any of the following guys to pick up Scoot Henderson? Bilal, Dyson Daniels, Craig Porter Junior, Goga Bataza. Yeah. I'm dropping Craig Porter because we know he's disappearing as soon as Donovan Mitchell comes back. You agree that Miles Bridges going back gonna be a top 40 again? He looks like a good start. I don't know about top 40 when that team's fully healthy. He's rumbling right now, but then, like, the adrenaline's gonna wear off in a couple of ball games. But, yeah, I mean, he seems like he's gonna be a top 60, 70, almost at the worst kind of dude. I'm just continuing to try to win without him. I don't think I need him to win my league. Is Klay a sell high? Nah. You're not gonna get anything for him after 2 decent ball games. So, no, that's not, he'd have to be good. He'll have to be good for a few weeks before I think you could get anything substantial for Klay. I have to drop one of the following players, Keegan Murray, Anthony Melton, Devin Vassell, 10 teamer. 10 teamer, you're probably dropping Melton. Maybe Vassell, not Keegan Murray. I feel like he's got just massive upside. Boy. Yeah. Well, I don't think we're gonna get through all these questions, guys. Sorry about that. Do you think Markelle Fultz is a buy low target for a punt threes team? Normally, I'd say yes, but I just have no idea when that dude is coming back, if ever. Who's a good replacement for Miles Bridges? I ended up picking him up. I would rather not root for a guy like that. Yeah. I understand. I think you could trade him for a top 75 range guy right now, or if you're okay with just closing your eyes for, like, one more week. Because if he puts up good numbers for another 3 or 4 ball games, you'd probably be able to get someone more like top 50, top 60. And, basically, just the longer you hold on to him, the more value you could get back in a trade. You've come this far, Jaden. Believe me. I'm with you on this. I don't really want him on my team either. But now he's there for you. You might as well try to get proper value back. So give him a little bit longer. There'll be some ebbs and flows here, and then you can probably get a little more. Is Derek Lively's injury serious? I mean, he didn't it looked not great. He bashed his back on the ground, but it's a contusion. He landed awkwardly. Nothing's ripped or torn, and he's a young dude. So weak, maybe less, maybe more. I don't think it's months. I'm looking to sell on Chris Paul with, yeah. It makes sense. He's doing a lot more with Draymond out. Should I try to get Drew Holiday, Khris Middleton, or OG Anunoby? I would go for OG of those 3 guys if I had my druthers. Do I drop Tyus Jones or Brandon Miller for Jaime Aquez? You could probably stream the Brandon Miller slot, or you just hold just hold still. I'm worried about Kawhi's health. I mean, everybody's always worried about Kawhi's health. Who would you flip him for? Anybody inside the top 25? I mean, he's number 28 right now, and his free throw percent isn't anywhere near where it's likely to finish this season. Field goal percent probably also ticks up. I don't know if this is the perfect time to sell on Kawhi, but you should be able to get a top 25 guy back. Do you think this is the year Kawhi and Kyrie play 70 games or more? No. But I said on many pods leading up to the season that I thought we were gonna get, like, low to mid sixties out of Kauai instead of fifties, and I still feel that way. Spicy dad. I like that handle. Would you trade OG for Aaron Gordon if you're punting threes? No. Wait. Don't don't sell on OG right now. He's a buy right now. If you can get OG, then let him get hot, then flip him for somebody. Have at it. But I'm also not an Aaron Gordon fantasy fan. He's number 100 right now because his free throw percent stinks. I also think his defensive stats continue to trend downward as the year goes. I don't I don't want any part of Aaron Gordon going forward. I'm gonna get through these questions. Damn it. Who would you aim if you were selling Kyrie Irving? It's gotta be top 20 or better. I wouldn't settle for anything less than a top 20 safe top 20 guy. So, like, Kat would be an interesting one that maybe you could get. That'd be a little bit low. Markkanen, maybe you could get. Donovan Mitchell, while he's hurt, maybe you could get. But the only reason you're selling on Kawhi is if you just think it's the end is nigh for him. That, like, game mister gonna start popping up. But the Mavs are looking pretty good. I feel like he's just generally enjoying himself. Should I stream Duncan Robinson's spot? I think I'd try to hold. He's always rolling top 50 here with hero out. Asar Thompson or OG rest of season? I think I'm gonna say Anunoby, but it's close. It's close. Someone dropped Tyus Jones. I picked him up to stream. Should I hold for more than a week and see how he does? Yeah. I do. I actually believe that. If the wizards actually let Tyus Jones play, He could be a very good fantasy asset. He's number 129 with, like, limited opportunities so far. But you saw when he gets starters minutes, if he's at 30 minutes or more, he's well inside the top 100, and he's a rest of season guy in those spots. It's just that right now, he's playing 27 minutes a game, and, Jordan Poole's taking 25 shots and missing almost all of them. So in my heart of hearts, I still believe that at some point, the wizard's gonna be like, Thais, I need you to run this thing a little bit more. And he gets a little bit better. He's very close to being a playable guy even in these bad scenarios. So, yes, hold on to him. I think it's good. Is Gordon Hayward a drop? I talked about this at the very beginning of the show. Scroll all the way back. He's on the holds board for one more week. Is Jaylen Johnson better than OG Anunoby in fantasy? Well, he has been so far this year. Although, I do still think Jaylen Johnson comes back to Earth a little bit, and o Anunoby works up. It's possible they both end up in, like, the sixties. So maybe this carrot should be an equal sign. You guys are sneaking in questions here at the end. I said I was gonna be done. Is Ingram a sell high? Is he a sell high? I think he's ranked 88th. I don't know that that's high. Oh, points league. No. This is what he is in a points league. Could Cam Johnson get inside the top 90 in a points league? I don't see why not. Suggs or Tyus Jones rest of the year? Probably Suggs because the Wizards are screwball. And Orlando's winning, and Suggs is being a is a big part of that. So give me, give me Suggs. And that's it. I know a bunch of you actually just joined in to watch at, like, almost the 1 hour mark, but, hopefully, you guys are way back behind, and and then you could play catch up later on. Hey. Please, another awesome week in the books. What do we do? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Did 7 shows this week because we didn't have one yesterday. Again, trying to do as many as 8 shows a week these days. Really appreciate you guys tuning in for as many of those as you can, but that one little thing I need you guys to do. Please like, rate, and subscribe. Subscribe, the big one, on your way out of here. Before you close the window, it means an absolute boatload to the growth of our website, to growth of sports Ethos, to the growth of Fantasy NBA Today, and the sports Ethos YouTube page. Again, mandatory. Come find me on Twitter at Dan Vesper. We're gonna do a lot of chatter over there in between shows. You just you have to be. I know Twitter's a hellscape, but, like, it's the it's the way to get basketball news, and it's a way for me to help interpret it for you guys when I'm in between doing shows like this. So see you guys over on Twitter at Dan Vesperis. Check out our buddies over atmanscaped.com. Promocode is Ethos 20 to get 20% off and free shipping on your order. On today, Black Friday, perfect time to go over there. Do some shopping. Get your holiday gifts knocked out with a lawnmower or a handyman. I promise you, if you give these gifts to a man in your life, they will love them because they won't have to get any sideburn trimmers ever again. Simple as that. Unless they want a new one for MANSCAPED later on. Again, that promo code is Ethos 20 for 20% off and free shipping. What have I forgotten to say? Oh, come hang out with us in Discord. I put the, put the link up near the top of the board in the chat room. It's also in the show description. It's free. Yes. Once you're in there, you can upgrade to a premium Discord pass so you can hang out with the analysts from Sports Ethos, but you don't have to because the regular NBA channel is just sort of floating along right now, and everybody's having a ball posting questions with, you know, a green circle or a blue circle to vote. And people are voting on it. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 people voting on all these things. People getting their questions answered by a community that's really finally coming together in a way that I can't remember happening here at Ethos before. So I'm really excited about that. Come again, chill with us in Discord. I'm gonna see if there's any shot I can do a show over the weekend. Weekends are tough, man, when you got a bunch of kids. What is this? I seem to have bruised myself on the back of my arm, and I just saw it on the video. Weekends are hard when you got 2 kids and all their activities, but I will do my best to do a let's make a deal episode. And, regardless of whether we get that one in there, we'll be back with you on Monday to review the very busy Fantasy weekend. Good luck with your matchups. We'll get some wins on Sunday. We'll see you guys in a couple days.