Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. So I bring the music down to 0 because I think I've explained this before. It's the annoyance and, like, I feel like I wanna pull the curtain back, and this is something that I'm sure no one ever thinks about besides me. But I fade the music all the way to 0 before I start talking on on this show because I can't separate the music audio from the guest, and I don't wanna accidentally mute you. And then when I port this over to the traditional pod side, my editing software is gonna put that music at the front and back end of the show. And so if it's already playing and it puts it again, then people listening to the pod will hear it in some sort of weird double round iteration. And so on this one show, I fade all the way out to nothing. But, anyway, good day, everyone. Happy afternoon to you now. This will be show number 2 on this delightful Monday, beginning of week 4 in the fantasy season. I'm Dan Vesperos. And for the week ahead episodes, I am joined as always by the great Derek Ball at d ball b ball on Twitter. He bows to you as that was a little tip of the head, because, you know, we're chest up here on YouTube. To those listening, I felt like I need to do a play by play of it. I am at Dan Vesperos over on social. And, Derek, before we dive into the meat of this thing, how was week 3 for you? How's everything going in your fantasy seasons? Well, week 3 has been great. I mean, my teams are on a roll. Every team I have this week has been winning, so I guess I'm doing something right. It's a nice change of pace for me. I kinda got bit by the injury bug the 1st couple of weeks, so I'm feeling good going into week 4. It definitely helps to counterbalance the the mood of, that's caused by this weather that I'm dealing with now. We got a blizzard in Ottawa today. And, like most about everyone in the world, I am struggling with daylight savings time. I'm tired of it. Daylight saving time, I have done many a rant on on this show over the years, and I figured I I wanted to pull up the weather locally here just to try to make you feel bad. Can you see that number? Oh, I mean, I'm gonna just pretend that I don't know how to convert from Fahrenheit to Celsius, and, we'll leave it at that. What is room temperature in Celsius? 25? 21. 21. So so we're we're basically that. It's 9 5ths plus 32. I remember the conversion for math class, but I don't know that I can do it while talking about fantasy basketball on air. What's, alright. So 9 5ths. A 5th of that would be 4.2 times 9, 30 6 plus 1.8 is 37.8 plus 32. So about 70. Right? 69.8. Did I get that right? You know, it's funny. We work with numbers so much, and I am honestly one of the worst people you're ever gonna talk to about, Matt. Oh, I love numbers. I love I love just toying with them. I think I've told this story on the show too because at some point, you've told every story on a pod you've hosted for 6 or 7 years or whatever this has been now. When I was a kid, my mom took me to the mall, and we were shopping for a present for somebody. I don't know. Someone we probably weren't all that close with. So we ended up in whatever it wasn't the Discovery store yet. I think it was whatever it was called before Discovery Channel bought the store that has, like, all the miscellaneous gadgets. Not sharper image, not the fancy stuff, like the the goofy little gadget store. And she left me in front of it was just like a TV with a VCR hooked up to it because I'm gonna date myself, VCR, showing a movie or show called Math Magics. And I haven't for some reason, I've never googled this, Math Magics. I I doubt it still exists. Apparently, the second hit is something at educationworld.com. It was, it was just a guy that was playing with numbers, and he was like, this is how you very quickly do multiplied, 2 digit numbers in your head. This is how you square 2 digit numbers. This is and, like, I don't know what I was. I was probably, like, 9 or 10. And from that moment, I was just like, yes. This is how I wanna screw it. Bob Ross of math then. Yeah. Basically, that was exactly it. He was just like, let's put, like, a little tree here. This would be lovely. A hap it's a happy math. And so now I'm teaching that to my now 7 year old son of, like he he's sitting on the toilet. He's going to the bathroom, and I'm just like, alright, kid. Figure out how to square 22 for me. And so he's, like, sitting there trying to do squares, and everyone else in my family is like, why are you doing this to your kid? And I'm like, he's loving it. He loves it. If you don't burden a child with math, if you make it entertaining like mister Math Magics did for me, then throughout the rest of your life, you can convert Celsius to Fahrenheit live on a YouTube podcast. Anyway, I had one other question I wanted to ask you before we got into this week ahead, and that is, who do you think's been the most annoying fantasy player to have so far? Because I think it's Markelle Fultz. Fultz. You know what? I think, I think you got a point if you're gonna argue for Markelle Fultz, but there's just two names that are frankly bigger that are drawing more attention. I wrote about them both in my article this week, and you've talked about them both, I think, on your most recent pot. It's gotta be some combination of James Harden or Jordan Poole because they're the ones that cost you some of your earliest and most valuable picks. And, well, we've all heard the news. They're not living up to the hype right now. Yeah. I mean, Jordan Poole has a pretty damn good case for it. I think my beef with Markelle Fultz is that he missed 3 games. I just dropped him into an IL slot, then he came back, and now he's gonna miss at least another 2. So in Yahoo public leagues and, again, I don't know why I'm holding 2 pens. I'm still holding 2 pens, and I'm waving them around on air like a loony bin. Let me get rid of one of those. Yeah. I I've gotten one game out of him, and I haven't been able to use him for an IL slot. So I haven't been able to replace him. I've basically taken 60s, one game he played, and he wasn't very good. That's why I'm annoyed with faults. Like, pool has sucked, but at least he played. Like, at least it's not zeros. You know? Well, whatever. That doesn't really matter. There's no right answer to this question. Alright. Look. So Derek's gonna be I I need to impress you. Okay? I came a little bit more prepared this week. Again, you can find Derek on Twitter at dballbball. He writes the week ahead piece at Sports Ethos available in the Fantasy Pass along with so many other things, starts at just $6 a month. Go check that out at sportsethos.com. We're gonna go through this week ahead. We're gonna go through, Derek, your Twitter thread as well, that gets everybody set up for the week. But I actually did a little digging and figured out a few teams that and I this is before I read your piece. A few teams that I thought seemed like pretty good ones if you wanted to make moves today. Are those teams Chicago, Milwaukee, and New York? Absolutely. Unequivocally. I think those are my top three targets for today. But, I mean, there's only so many good options. So at least I know going into Monday that there are actually some solid backups if you don't get Chicago, Milwaukee, and New York. Alright. So tell me a little bit about the back well, okay. So first of all, the reason I picked those is because they have 4 games over the first six days this week. But tell me a little bit about, the backups. What if you don't get anybody good? What if, like, the only guy on those teams floating around right now is freaking Pat Connaughton and you don't wanna go down that path? Well, so here's the thing. The big thing for me is that when you're streaming, not everyone's doing a long stream. I tend to give advice as if you are long streaming. But, really, if, if you're looking at making short term moves, there's no functional difference between Chicago, Milwaukee, New York, and the next ones that I would recommend, which would be Boston, Cleveland, Sacramento, Toronto, and Washington. So quite literally, every team that's playing on Monday is actually gonna give some good value for a multi day stream. You got all of those teams I just named. They're playing on Monday. They're playing again on Wednesday. So no matter who you're adding from any of those groups, you're still getting 2 plays out of one move before you can move them before you can move on from that player again on Thursday. Thursday is where you start to see the difference between Chicago, Milwaukee, New York and the Boston, Cleveland, Sacramento, Toronto, Washington group. Because, we're picking Chicago, Milwaukee, New York, based on the fact that from Wednesday to Saturday, that's a 4 day period, and they play 3 games. So, really, it's functionally the same until Wednesday to have any of those teams. But if you want to get the best possible targets for a week long stream, you're right. Chicago, Milwaukee, New York. If you don't like any of the, 8 teams playing tonight, would you take a look at any of the teams going back to back Tuesday, Wednesday? Because there actually aren't quite a few of those. I think there's, like, 6 or 7 teams going back to back Tuesday, Wednesday. Yeah. Absolutely. For me, I think especially with the way that the schedule falls this week, I think, this is one of the best weeks, to actually go early on one of the players that you wanna prioritize. If there is a guide you really wanna get for a Tuesday game, even if you do have space on Monday, I don't think it's a bad thing to go for the right player, because there's only 2 games on the schedule this week that are actually what I would call busy, game days. There's Tuesday, a 10 game day, and Friday, an 11 game day. Every other day could be a value added play. So as long as you're getting a player on Monday or Tuesday, that's going to give you as much value as possible on those weaker days. I don't think it matters which one of those 2 you go with. And frankly, you're not gonna have a lot of great options on Monday if there's only 4 games going on. You might have a wider pool of high value players to choose from on Tuesday. Yeah. And there's no guarantee that even with 10 games tomorrow that you're gonna have an overloaded schedule. Right? Like, you Mhmm. If you have guys that happen to be on the teams playing today, that means that your Tuesday probably isn't overloaded. You might only have 8 or 9 guys going, and so then it does make sense to add 1 into tomorrow. Plus, with the way the NBA goes, you kinda have to assume, like, one out of every 10 of your players is probably gonna be a late scratch anyway. Mhmm. Isn't that the truth? Yeah. No. This is the time of year, especially with certain teams that we're starting to see this happening with increasing frequency. Just wanna give a quick shout out to anyone who's struggling with Miami Heat players lately. You guys are definitely going through it. Same thing for anyone who's dealing with the the Memphis group. I mean, there's just certain teams are really, really struggling right now. And without a clear rotation behind the the stars that are getting injured, it really does leave managers kind of in a tough spot. Thankfully, this is a great week to be, playing with your, with your injured reserve because there is just so much flexibility on streaming. Okay. So let's let's dig in a little bit more on these early early week options. Is there a cutoff at which you'd say, like, this guy just isn't worth it? Who are the guys that you think actually make the cut for schedule stream level players on some of these clubs we've been talking about? Right. So, I mean, it's, there is a little bit of give and take with the list the list that I put up on Twitter here. You'll see, I think you've got it up on the screen right now, my tweets. Yeah. So you'll see on Monday, I've got targets like Alex Caruso, Kobe White, Emmanuel Quickley, Jay Crowder, Josh Hart, Malik Beasley, Quentin Grimes, Patrick Williams. Now not all these players are created equal. Don't take them all as an equal recommendation here. You'll see in my comments very often, I've got teams that are, or managers that are in 14 team leagues, 16 team leagues, guys that are in leagues where maybe people aren't paying attention. So I can never really speak to who exactly is available in your leagues. But as a general rule, I'm looking at players that are around a 60% ownership rate or less. And among that group, of the guys that I just named, I'd be targeting if healthy. Kobe White's my number one guy to add this week. I actually made him the cover photo for for the article. I think he's doing really well. He's really settling in as a starting point guard in Chicago. Although to be fair, I don't know if point guard is the right designation for him based on how he fits in the offense. Regardless, he's a productive player. I've heard you talk a lot about Josh Hart lately, and that's someone who I'm also keeping an eye on. I actually added him in a in a spot this morning. I'm not entirely optimistic for how that play is gonna work out, but I think he's got a really strong, history, of being a good, producer of kind of, we'll call them hustle stats. We kind of the the less appreciated stats. He doesn't really score many points or get many, get many trades, but he's kind of productive everywhere else, or at least he has been historically. And I really like that kind of value on my team, especially as a streamer. Because really, you're not getting a lot of really good points or trade streamers, in, in the waiver wire anyway right now. So I think those 2 are the main ones that I'm looking at. And then, for the backup teams I was looking at, you'll listeners will recall that I did talk about Boston, Cleveland, Sacramento, Toronto, and Washington. I am watching Gary Trent junior. I am certainly not adding him right now after being doubtful for one game, missing that game, and now being questionable for today. The reality is that he is playing for a team that might give him a good opportunity to collect heavy doses of steals and trays on a 4 game week. So I am gonna be looking at him. And if he is healthy, I'm probably gonna be considering him in a lot of leagues. Other guys who have just been really solid and reliable lately, I'm talking about Caris LeVert, Denny Abda, and Max Truce or some of the other names that are really standing out to me as really solid, reliable, standard league guys that I'm probably gonna be looking at in a lot of spots. Hey. Has Caris LeVert potentially moved ahead of streamer land? I was having a conversation with myself because that's how a lot of my shows go earlier this morning. It seems like he's actually kinda settled into a pretty good role in Cleveland. Folks, picture this nightmare scenario. You're hosting friends for the big game. It's neck and neck in the Q4, and suddenly you realize you're out of drinks. Boo, say all of your friends. You start to sweat. Your friends turn on you. You're forced to go on a last second drink run and end up missing the game winning touchdown while in line. Oh, no. Terrifying, isn't it? Luckily, you can avoid the drama with Drizly, the go to app for drink delivery. With Drizly, you can shop a huge selection of beer, wine, and spirits, then get them delivered right to your watch party. Compare prices across multiple stores in your area. Find the best deals on game day drinks and get back to armchair quarterbacking from, you guessed it, your armchair. Download the Drizly app or go to drizly.com. That's drizly.com today. Must be 21 plus, not available in all locations. Yeah. Well, I mean, if he keeps up at the pace that he was, setting for himself this weekend, then, I mean, you've gotta keep him in it. And the truth is that for as long as he's playing, you know, as he has lately, he is absolutely a hole, not a stream. Do I know for a fact that that will continue for the rest of the season? No. A lot of that could depend on how, how healthy, Garland and Mitchell are, and depending on the minutes cap for Allen, things can change. If Mobley ever gets a little bit more of, more confidence on offense, I could also see some touches going away from Lavert. But at absolute worst, he's a great guy to have at the end of your roster right now. I would hold him over a course of multiple weeks. He is a guy that I might be considering to, to trade as a as a sell high right now just because I have seen some, some of his more recent years, both of which were in Cleveland. He hasn't really held, held up as a as a season long standard league guy, but he has, in moments, been very relevant. So I think we might be in that period of relevance now. I'd be putting feelers out to see if he is, someone that other teams might be willing to trade for. If I can get another top 100 guy in exchange for him, I'll probably use that as a way to just kind of seal the deal and make sure that I've locked in a top 100 guy rather than guessing, asking the question. Right. Is Caris LeVert a top 100 guy? Sure he is right now. Yes. He is. Absolutely. I hold on to him for sure, but I'm not gonna sell him as, as the savior to all your problems regard stats. Yeah. Yeah. Not it ain't gonna be that. I I still remember it was, like, 10 years ago that, Roto World had was trying to make the hashtag going LaVertical, go trend. And every time I saw it, I was like, I don't think we I don't think he's going LaVertical, guys. Like, he's gonna shoot 41% from the field and 72% from the free throw line unless you were going points league, then I guess he's he's straight LaVertical through the roof. Before we get to the next point here, because I have some more questions for you, again, wanna remind everybody that you are listening to Derek Ball at d ball b ball on social media. I am Dan Vasquez, and please take a second. No matter how you're taking in this content, please like, rate, subscribe. That's a big deal. We get to keep doing more shows. The more growth we have, the more I can pour into this as sort of like a, hey. Should Dan's time be invested in this or something else? Show the love, and I can keep investing more time in this and social, all that good stuff, and, bring you guys more content from smart humans like Derek sitting over there, across in the great white north. Okay. So let's say you're long streaming. And for folks that maybe are not familiar with it, because I've I've talked about it on the pod for a really long time, and I I think I kinda did I come up with that term? I think I came up with that term. Right? The long stream? You know what? I'm gonna validate it. I can't say for sure, but that's how you said it confidently. So Yeah. Okay. That's good. That's what you gotta do in this life anyway. Say say some say some crap with confidence, and everybody will just so long streaming is, where you're it allows you to stream more roster slots because you're not just grabbing a guy for 1 or 2 nights. Typically, you're looking at more like 4 nights, sometimes 6. If a team plays 5 games in 7 days, that's kind of like your optimal zone. If you really wanna go nuts, you could even hunt down a team going, you know, 6 times in 9 days, 7 times in 10 days, things like that. You don't see it happen all that often because the NBA is trying to limit injuries and get players into games more these days after they trend their own direction. But what this does is it allows you more moves as the week goes on. You're not just streaming 1 roster slot on Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday. You might do roster slot 12 on Monday and Thursday, and you might do roster slot 13 on Tuesday Saturday or something like that. And you're adding multiple games per move made against the player that you dropped. So with that in mind, Derek, I ask you, how many moves are you comfortable using on Monday or Tuesday of this week? Because we do kinda also still have to think about what happens as the week goes on. Absolutely. So, I mean, it well, you're gonna have to decide really early. Do you wanna be a long streamer, or do you wanna be a short streamer? Because that will impact every future move you make. Now I tend to be one of those people. Right now, I have been dealing with injuries in a lot of my different leagues, so I do actually have a little bit more roster flexibility. So for me, I'm looking best player available, and I'm just gonna take them to the finish line. If one of those best players available that I that I pick up this week, I mind you, I will be streaming too on Monday, Tuesday. If one of those players doesn't work out for me, I'll hold them till Wednesday, because I wanna get 2 games out of one move. And then from there, I will be able to make decisions still to maybe transition into a short stream, for a better player that might be able to add more games for me as well. The key is to get your player, the guy that you want, the player that you think is gonna be the most productive early on for me. And then I think you figure it out from there. You can respond to a situation if you have the player. But if you're wishing that you got the guy or planning to get a guy and he's not there when you need him, then then you're really just back to square 1, without having gained anything. So I like to get my guy early and hold on to him, make that decision after the fact. Let someone else, pick up my scraps if I decide that I don't want them anymore. But yeah. No. For me, I I think I'd be prepared to use 2 moves, in the first couple of days. I'm not really looking at doing anything on Wednesday, if I'm being honest, because there's just so many different paths to have already got 2 games from a streamer by Wednesday. So I think it would be important if I was one of those managers planning to make a move to get at least one move done Monday, Tuesday that will allow me to have had 2 games by Wednesday. I'm not planning on making a move on Wednesday. There's 8 games already. My lineup's gonna be relatively filled, and there aren't any back to backs to exploit. So there's not really much of an incentive for me to, move into, move into a month or a Wednesday, Thursday, stream. What I'm more likely to do is to take 1 or both of those players that I stream, for the Monday, Wednesday period and flip them on Thursday, where you have another kind of avenue into value added streaming. For me, that's the day where I'm gonna start to really look heavily at the Oklahoma City players, because Thursday is first off, it's a 2 game day. But also Oklahoma City is on a 3 and 4. So that's 3 games in 4 days. Heavy, heavy value, really, really great advisable stream for almost any, almost any manager. And the thing that I really like about those 3 and fours is if you're gonna weigh a 3 and 4 period against maybe, in a 2 and 3, which is something that Golden State and Miami also offer from Thursday. Even if I have a comparably worse player from Oklahoma City, if I get 3 games of that comparably worse player, they're probably still going to be more productive than a bench player from a team with 2 games. So those are things that managers are gonna have to pay attention to because, yes, you know, you might look at, for example, I've got Kayson Wallace as one of my preferred streamers from, from the Thunder this week. I might look at him versus a player like Adario Saric. You got a rookie, on a team stack with guards versus a veteran, who has actually been on a bit of a tear lately. I would actually probably advise you to take the rookie. Not because I think he's going to be, outproducing Sarek in any individual game, but I think just the cumulative impact of having 3 games of, Wallace's production is just going to simply outweigh the low volume, cumulative production of Dario Saric, for example. Yeah. And I so I but the other thing is when you're talking about that Thursday move Mhmm. I assume you're are you saving one for Saturday, Sunday, to attack a particular category, or are you trying to use them up Thursday, Friday? So as a rule, for most weeks, I'm only really trying to bring one move into the weekend. Okay. It's possible depending on what's out there you might have too. Certainly, I wouldn't keep I wouldn't be having 3 or 4 going into the weekend assuming we're in a 4, roster moves league. The reason being that I'm always looking to get 2 games from every single stream, and your opportunities decline as the week goes on. So if I'm at Friday and I have multiple week moves to use, I might be planning to use them both on the Friday. Because I know that if I don't get those 2 games out of a single stream by Friday, then I have exactly 3 options on Saturday to get me that last possible good streaming opportunity. Otherwise, I'm just going player for player, and then it's just whoever has the best player is gonna win because we're not adding anything onto the onto the score. Like I was saying before, with the Wallace times 3 versus the Sarge times 2, if I've got, players going shot for shot with each other, it's just simply gonna be the best player that wins. And I don't wanna put myself up to that kind of risk in a head to head league. I wanna just keep on stacking numbers. So, really, I think one move, maybe 2 going into Friday. By Saturday, you shouldn't have anything left if you ask me. You might have you might have touched on this. Who are the teams that have the really good Saturday, Sunday schedule? I think I I think I checked, and there were, like, 3 or 4 back to backs in there? Yeah. There's 3 of them. And, and really, if we're being honest, I think functionally, it's gonna work out to be 2 because I've already talked about Oklahoma City a little bit. They are already a good long stream from Tuesday. They are an excellent stream from Thursday. And so if you expect to get Oklahoma City, or anyone, like really anyone from Oklahoma City that's going to be worth streaming, they're gonna be gone by Saturday. So you really can't plan on them being there. You're really just looking at Dallas, who's actually, they have a back to back Tuesday, Wednesday. They rest for 2 days, and then they go back on another back to back. So you're probably gonna be picking up someone from Dallas off the waiver wire, when someone short streams them in the beginning of the week. They're gonna clear just in time for you to pick them up on the Saturday, Sunday, and most leagues. And then you've got Memphis, and then frankly, I mean, I could recommend any number of players that have to know who's healthy and who's not right now. And frankly, if even some of those players are available in some of your leagues. I'm seeing some stuff online about how players like Jacob Gilliard aren't even in some, in the rosters of some fantasy leagues. And here he is putting up really, really considerable value. But, yeah, so it it it it was me, I'm looking at I'm looking at those 2 teams with a a heavy preference for Dallas just because frankly, I have an easier time trusting their players with higher name value. Those teams that have back to backs over the weekend, I believe all 3 of them have pretty awful schedules after that. I'm assuming then you'd advise going into next week. Those are probably your Monday drops? Yeah. So I'm just as we're talking here, I'm just having to look at it. Memphis, after their Sunday game, they get another 2 game rest, and then they head into a 3 game week. So there's really not a lot of value there. Dallas, they have 2 games rest, and they had into a 2 game week. So that's a year drop for me unless someone really hits. Okay. See the same thing. Oklahoma City yeah. Exactly. Same thing. So really, it's, it's a move where you're you're really just taking them for 2 days. You're not really swinging for the hills here. I wouldn't plan to plan to, stay with any of these players for a long time. But that's okay, though, because if you got I mean, if you got the Thunder on Tuesday or Thursday, then you got enough out of them in that Absolutely. That you see it. And it's kinda nice to know which guy is gonna be the one that gets dropped on Monday. There's a certain there's a certain comfort in that provided you don't have a ton of other guys that also have really bad schedules that coming week. Right? Yeah. That that makes sense. Absolutely. I have a question for you about overall schedule, and I stumbled on this while I was looking through some of the streaming stuff. The Clippers at the end of this week, and the Rockets, I believe, will each have had 2 2 game weeks already. I think those teams will then have something like 2 or 3 more games remaining than a lot of other teams in the NBA. Would you ever target guys on those teams because they simply like, basically, at that point, you're looking at, like, a 70 game schedule. Well, I guess it'd be less than that. Looking at, like, a 66 game schedule in the traditional fan or, like, actual basketball world, and then someone came in and was, like, by the way, I got 2 teams that are gonna play 69 games the rest of the week or the rest of the season. Those guys would be more valuable by, like, a factor of 5%. That seems not insignificant. Am I making too much out of nothing? Well, I mean, yeah, you definitely got a point there with the with the Rockets and the Clippers in particular. I still think it's a little bit early to be thinking about the end of the season with them yet because they do have in week 7, both of them have another 2 game week coming up. Sorry to break it to you. Jeez. And the Rockets, they're actually heading into consecutive 3 game weeks. So once they clear that week 7 hump, you're absolutely right. They're just green all the way across. They're either neutral or plus value the whole way through. And I think this really plays in well for the for the builds of both teams. Because you talk about the Rockets, a, it's a new team that's starting to gel together. B, you've got a team that's filled with young prospects that are kind of developing their game as they go. They're gonna have hot streaks and cold streaks. And frankly, the lineup's still shaking itself out. So by the time week 8 comes around, and they're just plus value the whole way through, I think teams are gonna have a much clearer idea of what to expect from those teams, or from those players. And I think they'll have a much better idea of who to target going forward. As far as the Clippers go, I mean, we all know they're not exactly a popular team right now. They're not performing very well. Their players are I mean, everything just looks ugly out there, but I don't think this is gonna last. I think you've just got too many talented players on the floor, and eventually, the stats will come. Eventually, the wins will come. And, I'm probably taking that time to, to evaluate exactly how things are gonna shake out with the Clippers before I'm really committing too heavy to them. Having said that, with the way things are going right now with players like Harden, with players like Paul George, Russell Westbrook, I don't think you're ever gonna have a better opportunity for a buy low. And, you know, in that in that we're agreeing on what's going to be their great schedule coming up. I I think it's worth putting in some feelers for those players now and accepting the fact that you might have to take some losses in the short term. Yeah. Because they're gonna suck for a little bit longer. Although I gotta admit, Derek, I thought they were gonna be bad. I didn't think they were gonna be this bad. Like Neither did I. That this is this is ugly, man. They just got smoked by by a bad Memphis team that's, like, all out of sorts, and they went in and they beat the Clippers. That was in LA, wasn't it? And I think it was. But you know what? At at the end of the day, this has given me my favorite NBA moment of recent memory. Oh. It was one of the one of the lead paragraphs in my article, but just the when the Brian Demeris diss track on James Harden dropped, I I couldn't have been happy. I I'm just this is just a message for anyone out there who's trying to get who's trying to farm some content, and who's just trying to get some extra likes, and get some post that video, and I will give it a like. I will give it a retweet no matter where it goes. I swear I've seen it 30 times in my feed now, and I'm hitting that heart button every time. It's my favorite thing to ever happen. Is it still up? I thought the original might have gotten taken down. Oh, I'm not I'm not sure if I've ever seen the original, but you know how social media is. Yeah. They just films themselves reacting to it. Let people can you can you tell people what you're talking about? Because not everybody has has seen it or knows what you're talking about. Absolutely. So Brian Damaris, you've never heard of him. You probably will, unless you're a Mavs fan, you probably won't hear of him again after this. He is just a play by play guy or some other kind of TV color commentator for the Mavs. The Mavs played the Clippers on Friday. And before that Clippers game tipped off, this guy just absolutely went in on Harden. He just did everything. We've all heard the negative comments people have said about them. I won't rehash them all here, but, you know, various things about commitment to teams and, you know, wanting too much money or maybe having a misconception of the type player he is at this stage in his career, all of those things. I mean, he literally just tied it all up in a bow, 3 minutes of just unfiltered ranting, live on air, and, it is the definition of a viral video. Haven't heard anything back from Harden yet, but, certainly, if, if he was responding, we're not gonna see any evidence of that in his game. There was no revenge game after that. Since those comments have come out, we haven't seen anything better out of Harden. The the Mavs postgame or pregame postgame guy revenge game. That would be that'd be a very yeah. It was it was a lot, man. I don't think I would have the stones to do it, especially to be on the other team. Like, just clobbering the guy on a club that you're about to play, that was, that was that was audacious. By the way, I need to throw this comment up on the board. I don't know if it's gonna make you happy or sad, but boom. From 9 East Must appreciate it. You know what? I don't even hear it. People have told me I have an accent before. I couldn't tell you what it sounds like. I think I sound normal. But I guess next to someone from California, the place of the true, I think, neutral accent, maybe it's No. No. So I've been told that the neutral accent is Omaha, Nebraska. That that's why a lot of companies set up their call centers out there because no one can tell from Omaha, Nebraska. Exactly. Because they sound like everyone all at the same time. Not out here, man. We Californians, we say we say things like bro, and we're very we're very cool and laid back, and I wanna punch everybody who talks like that. But Let me tell you, whoever whoever sent that comment in, I'm I'm from the Toronto area, and you don't even wanna know what the Toronto accent is anymore. So I'm glad that you heard the good version of it. What's the difference between so I know that, like, French Canada, that's obviously its own land. And then you've got, central, which would be, what, like, Manitoba type area. Manitoba, Saskatchewan? Yeah. So I have, I have some relatives that are actually, around Winnipeg or may many of them have passed away. So I guess used to be near Winnipeg. So that one I'm familiar with. And then and then you've got, like, West Coast, British Columbia. What are how could I tell the difference between a Toronto accent and a British Columbia accent? Well, I mean, I think it's the the difference between maybe a let's say a New York accent. We're fairly close to each other geographically, and culturally, I would say Toronto and New York are pretty fair approximations of each other, and, maybe someone from Seattle. Okay. I I think, actually, they're they're the closest analogs for each other almost in any context. Yeah. And, just generally speaking, you can always tell, when someone's from Toronto. If if you know that someone else listening to them is from another part of Canada, they're probably gonna be scowling, shaking their fist. Torontonians aren't really popular elsewhere in Canada. See, this is what this this is the stuff I need, man. Like, I know that Canadians are probably, like, making these faces at each other because Americans, we do the same. We all laugh at each other's actions. We apologize afterwards, though. Yeah. You that's true. We don't we don't apologize. We just laugh, and then we walk away. That's that's the difference there. I just I always wanted to know if there's, like because, like, I can tell central Canadian accent because we got the Dakotas here, and it's, like you know, I don't know if anybody grew up watching Bobby's World, the cartoon from the eighties that Howie Mandel did, which was all, like, think Minnesota, Dakota accents that, like, we know that one in the states. But, like, an American, I don't think, could ever tell you the difference between a Toronto Canadian accent and, like, a Vancouver one. Even though for you guys, I'm sure it's like, yeah. I picked that up in 4 words. Right? Like Yeah. I mean, we're not we're not really as bad for regional accents as as some other areas of the world I found. If you go out east, absolutely. I mean, obviously, I'm in Ottawa, so just, you know, a couple of kilometers miles for you. Yeah. To to to my east. I just you're gonna hear people speaking a lot differently than I am right now. And if you go even further east from there, you're gonna have you're gonna hear some really really crazy What about the newfies? Stumbled into Ireland. What about Oh, yeah. You know what? They actually very often, you'll hear someone from Ireland themselves saying, saying that the accent's the closest thing they've got to home when they when they come over here. Really? That's so frustrating. They they found, like, they're they're a world under themselves out in the times. They've got a lot of family from out there. I absolutely love it out there. They they feel completely unique to the rest of Canada. That's wild. And aren't they, like, a half hour ahead instead of a full hour? That's just, one one province. Yes. That's and that's that's not okay. Suck. It's gotta suck for them. That is not okay. We that needs to be dealt with posthaste. Let me see if I can find the guy that came up with daylight savings time actually is the one that made this rule for for that province. Yeah. I was just like, you know what? We're gonna have a little fun. Everybody can go to hell. So inconvenient for everyone. Excuse me as I cough into the microphone. Let me see if I can find a question here. Eventually, this this cough is gonna finish me off. So I can get any, like, weekly I want lineup questions, people. I don't want this, like, add subtract kinda thing. Oh, here we go. Should I bench should I this is Tyus. Should I bench Tyus Jones this week? Well, let me just see here. What do we have for a schedule for Tyus Jones on well, you know what? It's if you're doing a weekly changes league, knowing I think he's, what, game time decision right now. Yeah. They're only a 3 game not up to date on his injury status, but, yeah, there's a 3 game week, and I think he was he was showing up as a potentially injured player for tonight. So he is kind of trending down right now. If you do have another option at point guard, I don't think it's the worst thing to to bench Jones. He's not an overly productive player. Having said that, if you look at the team that you're playing this week in a head to head league in particular, and you know that you are going to need to win or you might be able to win assists, then I don't think you're gonna have many better options at point guard than Jones even if he is struggling. This isn't a question, but you're getting all the compliments people. I'm I misinterpreted that. I'm gonna just go ahead and say, I didn't know that you've seen me handle a basketball before, but I I I I appreciate it. Very nice. Very nice. Dad jokes city. I'm looking like I'm looking like Kyrie Irving out there. Let me tell you. I'm saying you said you got a dog, not human children. Right? Did I remember that right? Dogs. Yeah. Two dogs. Yeah. There you go. So the dogs have turned you into dad jokes, Sandra. I love it. I love a good dad joke. Derek, you get the heck out of here. I kept you longer than I said I would because I wanted to learn about Canadian province accents. I don't know what the hell is gonna strike my fancy. I like, I got my voice back this week, so I'm asking all sorts of weird crap. He is Derek Ball at dballbball. I'm gonna go through some of the other questions in the chat room. I'll also give you guys the thoughts on a couple of weekly lineup decisions, injuries, stuff like that. Derek, until next Monday, my good man. Dan and fans, it has been a pleasure. We'll talk to you next Monday, and, good luck in your leagues this week. He is. Derek Ball at d ball b ball. It is a sweet, sweet handle. I gotta say, like, Andre is not wrong in the chat room. Andre Martinez there saying that he's got a good handle. So here's what we're gonna go through real quick. Well, I just pull up the Yahoo list of basically, like, the top 200 players. And anybody that's got an injury tag on them in any way, we're just gonna quickly look through and see if they're worth starting. Devin Booker already, he was doubtful going into yesterday's game. They got a 3 game week that's a little bit more back loaded, but I don't I don't see how you can possibly roll the dice on that. I know they got 2 days off before the game on Wednesday. That's dicey, man. If you throw them out there and you get one game out of him or none, you're gonna regret that forever. By forever, I mean, for 1 week. So I think I'd probably on the side of caution. Sounds like De'Aaron Fox is gonna be trying to come back, as soon as possibly Wednesday. We might get him in there tonight. The latest was that he is trying to get in there for this ball game. But you know he's coming back for the lakers because that's the way things always work. So I think you'll get at least 3 out of De'Aaron Fox. He is a go for me. Guys that are out a long time, I'm not even gonna bring those guys up. LeBron, he missed Lakers' last ball game. Lakers are off today, but then they roll into a home back to back against the hapless grizzlies, and then we just talked about the Kings. I think you see Braun for at least one of those two games, maybe the back half, against Sacramento. And then on the road, Portland back home to take on Houston in what ends up actually being kind of a revenge game for the Lakers getting smacked by the Rockets last week with no Anthony Davis. I think you get 3 out of LeBron, so he is a go. Dame is probable. You can go ahead and throw him back in the mix. Cam Thomas is out probably at least another week. I think you can probably bench him, so that's not a bigger one. Trae Young is questionable due to personal reasons, which hard know exactly how that's gonna shake out. Unfortunately, they have a 3 game week that's pretty front loaded. 3 games, by Friday, and then they don't play Saturday, Sunday, or Monday. I think you probably get 2 out of Trey this week, which is just barely enough for a dude inside the top 50, and that makes him a go. Herb Jones. He is currently questionable for tomorrow's game, against Dallas. The Pelicans could obviously use him. They've lost 5 games in a row, including all 3 that Herb has missed and the last 2 that he was in. Put up some pretty good, games before going down. He's rolling kinda near the the top 50. The questionable tag is is unexpected. I think I'd probably give him a go. Not that 2 games out of Herb Jones would be enough, but the fact that they go tomorrow and then they're off for 2 days and then they play Friday, Saturday means you're almost definitely going to get 2. So he's probably good enough for me. Gordon Hayward is probable, so he's good to go. Jalen Duran, missed the last ballgame. He's dealing with his ankle soreness, which is actually not that dissimilar from stuff he dealt with last year, and that's annoying. It was something we hoped was more of a they're keeping his numbers in check rookie season and not the sort of big stuff. I might be inclined to bench him. It's only a 3 game week. If he misses tomorrow's game, he's down to 2. And I don't know that 2 out of Jaylen Dern is actually enough for a weekly format, folks. So he's kind of a coin flip. If you're feeling saucy, you can go for it. Blah blah blah. I'm prob I think I'd probably bench him and just play it safe. OG Anunoby is questionable. Raptors have a 4 game week, so I think you're probably starting him anyway. If he's questionable today, you likely get him for, some measure of days. Alex Caruso is, I think downgraded to doubtful for Chicago. They still have 3 games after that, so he's probably a start if you're in a weekly format. If you're in 14 teams and larger, then he's almost definitely a start. Twelve's kind of a little bit iffy. I haven't heard anything about Terry Rozier in a while. I think he's already been ruled out for tomorrow's game, so go ahead and keep him on your bench. Who else are we working on here that's beat up right now? Oh, Nick Batum, I think may have gotten ruled out for the front end of a Philly back to back, which makes him a much tougher sell in head to head leagues. Ben Simmons is already ruled out for tomorrow. That really shrinks the week for Brooklyn. I think they're now a 2 gamer with him missing Tuesday, so Simmons should be on your bench. On your bench, Malcolm Brogdon, keep him on your bench. I don't expect him to be racing back anytime super quick. And, you know, try to get back when he can, but, I don't think it's gonna be lightning fast. Until we get anything on Walker Kessler, he's definitely out. Markelle Fultz is a bench. He's off to a bad start regardless, and in my opinion, the most annoying player to own in Fantasy so far this year. And that is your very fast player injury report. Let's get a couple of questions in there. Again, please do remember to subscribe and like the show, before you complete any other part of your day. Choose 2 out of Lavert, Melton, Avdia, and Keontae George. I will go, these are this is a pretty good one, actually. I'm gonna go let me go Melton with the Oubre injury. So D'Anthony's in, and then I'm debating between Avdiya and Lavert. I'll go Lavert and just hope that something sticks. And I know I might pay for that because Avdiya's got the much higher floor between those two dudes. And then Keontae George, I think he'll put up a bunch of assists, but I don't know that it's gonna be a whole lot beyond that. I like him, and I think he should be rostered in most leagues. But this particular person, Nate, seems to have, an abundance of riches. Nick Claxton hasn't been picked up. Why on earth was he dropped? Should I drop Marcus Smart for him? Yes. Cam Johnson and Jordan Poole, both on the waiver wire. Worth it if I'm dropping Gordon Hayward? I think I'd rather have Cam Johnson I don't know about Jordan Poole, man. He's been hurting more than he's been helping. I don't I don't think I'm believe believe it or not, I don't think I'm picking him up right now. Yeah. You probably go Cam. And then with Poole, I I don't know. He's he's he's a tough one to roster. Should I move Jalen Suggs for Jalen Johnson? Is Tyus Jones a drop? Tyus Jones is a hold. And, yes, I would rather have Jalen Johnson over Jalen Suggs. But I like them both, though. How do you decide if a player is 10 team worthy? Well, so, like, for Roto, I try for 12 teamers to only play guys that I think are gonna be giving me, top 100 or better numbers, which is effectively, you know, if you're you're talking about 10 starting slots on your team, 13 players total. This is for Yahoo Leagues 12 teamers, so that's, what, a 156. Right? Total rostered players rostered. And in my opinion, you wanna be, like, at the 2 third mark. So for a 10 teamer with 13 slots, it's a 130. 2 thirds of that is indeed, like, kind of around 90 ish. So, yes, 90 or better is probably what you're targeting there. Maybe even a tiny bit sooner if you could. Do we buy Dame with Kyrie, or do I keep Kyrie? Well, okay, either way. Dame feels slightly safer just from the, like, I think he's gonna try to play anytime he can thing, and we don't know that with Kyrie. But so far, Irving's looks pretty good this year. He's playing what he can. Missed a couple games early. Dave has missed a couple games lately. I have no problem either way on this one. I I don't think it changes your team outlook all that much. Trey Jones or Keontae George? I'll go Trey. I'll go Trey over Keontae. I just, think his his fantasy game translates a little bit easier than the young fella. But, you know, George is the dice roll. If you wanna shoot the moon, why the hell not? I I just think there's a better shot that Trey Jones is a 12 team playable guy, on a day to day basis. I wanna trade j j j. Who should I target? I don't need any more blocks. Well, you should wait until jjj has a big ball game before you do anything with him because he's off to kind of a slow start in the blocks department. I think he's under 2 right now. And so that's why his ranking is what? He, like, in the thirties or something like that? Am I getting that right? Jaren is no. He's in the forties because he's at point 4 steals and 1.8 blocks, and last year, he was at 4 combined. So he's, like, halfway there. Don't sell on jjj right now. Wait until he goes on a heater, and then you go try to get somebody inside the top 20, top 15. But I don't know that you would get it right now. Jeremy Grant for Cam Johnson. Which way do I go on this one? Go Cam Johnson. Lower shutdown risk, maybe. I think Jeremy both of these guys are a by low, actually, in my mind. Skyler Mays, Nick Fatuma, Keontae George, and 9 cat Roto. In Roto, it's Mays until someone comes back for Portland, and then it's Batum. Someone's trying to get me on the phone, so I better wrap this thing up quick. Tyus Jones, Bruce Brown, De'Anthony Melton, Josh Hart. How do you rank them? Melton over no. Yes. Melton over Tyce Jones over Bruce Brown over Josh Hart. Should I add Ja Morant? We don't have IL plus. Points league. Yeah. I I mean, you gotta. We're, like, halfway to him coming back almost. He's a monster in points leagues. Absolute behemoth. So yes. Vooch or Nick Claxton? 6 to 1 half dozen. Claxton might be ranked higher in 9 cat at the end of the year, but he'll tank your free throws while giving you big time defensive stats, which will give you more scoring, probably more rebounding, more assists, more threes, but he's not gonna help your field goal as much, and he's not gonna hurt your free throw as much and so on and so forth. Should I bench tie us to oh, we did this one. I I actually probably would bench tie us this week. Is Chris Paul in drop territory? No. He's not that bad. He hasn't been quite that bad. He's in, like, the 120 range, and he's still shooting 37%. Even if you just tick that up to, like, 44, then he's very much a playable guy. How much do you think Miles Bridges will hurt Gordon Hayward's numbers? I don't know. Some. Let's say some. It's unclear if who loses out, but I do think it'll be some. Are you starting Keontay? Head to head? Yes. Roto? No. Dan, what are your thoughts on Miles Bridges and the effect it has on LaMelo, the rest of the team, the Hornets win protection? So it probably does make them better much as I don't like the whole situation in general. He will make them better. LaMelo will probably be happy about it. It probably takes away from Gordon Hayward. It probably takes away from PJ Washington. It probably takes away from Brandon Miller, and he'll probably be a top 80 play at some point. Do I sell Shaden Sharp in a points league? It depends what you get. But the answer is probably yes, if only because right now, he's doing everything because everyone on the Blazers is hurt besides Sharp and Jeremy Grant. Ant is the next Kobe, MJ, or T Mac? I mean, he's really, really good, if that's what you're saying. I don't know if he's gonna be that good, but he's pretty good. Harden or Franz Wagner? Give me Harden. Punt points, threes, and free throw league where Cade ranks 4 40 and Aaron Gordon ranks 20, is there any world where that trade makes sense? No. Because if you have Cade, the other person isn't punting points, threes, and free throw percent. So they're gonna value him the way everyone would. So if you're gonna trade Cade and you want Aaron Gordon back, ask for a crapload more because everyone else is gonna value Kate way more than Aaron Gordon. Now for you, for your team, getting Aaron Gordon is a really big win, but just realize you can get way more than that. K? Don't negotiate against yourself because of your build. Is Clarkson a must roster now that he can rely on Keontay to handle the ball? It does seem to help him a little bit. I'm still gonna say no, but it's gonna make basically everybody in Utah a little bit better. Any advice for the 2 game playoff week for players like Luka, Anthony Davis, or LaMelo Ball? Do we try to trade for players who have a better playoff schedule to offset that? If so, when? Yeah. That's a really tough question, guys. The unfortunate truth is that there are gonna be some of those blended in there. But I don't know that you can trade those guys without messing up your team build. So I'd like to say yes, but I think the answer is probably not. Now if you have more fringey guys, mid round to late round guys on those 2 game teams, those are the ones I think you should probably try to get off because those are guys that are gonna be taking up a roster slot where someone on the wire playing 4 games would probably be more valuable than them. Whereas, like, 2 games out of Anthony Davis is still gonna be way better than anyone you could pick up playing 4. You need to pick up somebody playing 5 or 6 games to beat what AD does in 2. And if those these are the dudes on your team, if this is the the build you have, you're sorta stuck. Is MPJ a sell high? Do you think this will continue? So here's the thing about Michael Porter junior. This is kinda what we all thought he was gonna be before he missed, what was it, the year before last, almost the whole season with a back injury, which was good percentages, good scoring, slightly better rebounding, tumbling face first into a little bit of defensive stuff, but just, like, generally good. Remember, he got drafted around 22 seasons back. He didn't come anywhere near that because his back blew out and he couldn't shoot, but that was the hope. So him being in the forties, I think, is something you can expect could continue. Chianti George or Nick Batum? Head to head, you're going George because Batum's gonna get days off as we're seeing. Roto, it's Batum. Halliburton and Miles Bridges for Nikola Jokic in a points league. Yeah. I mean, you basically do whatever you can to get Jokic in any format ever. Halliburton right now is basically around his peak. 52% from field, 95, the free throw line, 3 3 pointers, 12 assists per game. You know, a couple of those things are probably gonna tick down a little bit. Jokic, believe it or not, is well, points probably come down for Jokic. Rebounds maybe a little bit, but also free throws are gonna go up. Assists could actually come back up a little with Jamal Murray out. Although, who knows? Maybe that means he has to shoot more. Absolutely. You you go to try to get Jokic, basically, whenever you can. That's kinda the rule in fantasy at this point. Do you think Jonas Valancunas can be a sell high for Keegan Murray, or would we need more? I think you'll probably need more, and I would try to do it because I think Keegan's gonna be really good. I got offered Jordan Poole and PJ Washington for Miles Bridges in a 14 teamer. Would you do it? I don't even want PJ Washington, really. I think I would just take Jordan Poole for Miles Bridges because now you're getting someone who you feel is like a is an asset for someone that we have no idea what he's gonna be. So, yeah, go I think I would go Jordan Poole, and I think I well, 14 teamer, I guess, PJ is closer to value, but I might just take PJ out of this and say, can make it a one for 1. Brooks, you posted this, like, 3 times. I answered this question. Can I date George or Trey Jones? It's Trey Jones. It's Trey Jones. This is the best bris fantasy b ball podcast out there. The best bris. Someone told me this is a this is a Hebrew joke, that I got the best bris, and I said, stick it in your eye, kid. I think I was 12 at that point. If you don't know what's if you don't know what a bris is, you can Google it, b r I s. The more you know about the first 8 days of a Jewish boy's life. Okay. All donezo. You are most welcome, everybody. That's written thank you in the chat room. This is fun for me. You don't need to thank me. But what you should do is thank Derek for carving out some time to come on and walk us through the week. He is at Derek no. He is at d ball b ball. He is just Derek Ball in real life, not at. If you wanna say at, you gotta do the handle. I know how this thing works. I am Dan Vazpris. Also, my Twitter handle, d a n p e s b r I s. This is the week ahead for week 4. Go check out Derek's work in the Fantasy Pass and Sports Ethos. Like and subscribe, you jerks. I don't mean it. I love you all. Tomorrow, trying to make it a 2 show Tuesday. A little too for Tuesday. We'll have a Monday recap, only 4 games, so that one won't take too long. We'll also look ahead to the Tuesday card that show shouldn't be, more than, I think, about 45 minutes or so. And then later in the day, I'd like to do a little buy low, sell high episode. So we'll see if the time I can carve out for that, before kiddos little league practice on Tuesday afternoon. For now, go set your lineups, everybody. You got an hour to get it done. We'll see you guys later.