Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. Hello, everybody. It's your week in review edition. Fantasy NBA Today. May have bumped some knobs on my mixer here, I'm realizing. Show's coming in opposite of hot. Cold. We're coming in cold today. There we go. Now I got the volume all figured out. I, you may have noticed, tidied up the facial hair. Look at that little baby face. Look at that young dude. Oh, yeah. That guy's not 40 until you see the, male pattern baldness. Shh. Don't tell anyone. It's becoming significant, and I don't like it. Anyway, I guess it's a show. I'm a little tired today. I'll be honest with you guys. The, it's mostly just how much sleep I get on a night to night basis, but we are we are deep into the Fantasy season now. Real deep. Seasons are ending. Roto leagues, you're coming down the stretch. You got 15% of the season left. We got injuries happening left and right, silly season in full swing, which is why The Week in Review Show, which is what this one is. Welcome to The Week in Review episode of Fantasy NBA Today. I'm Dan Vesperis at danvsperis over on Twitter. Please do give a follow there and a like and a subscribe and all that good stuff. This is why this show is actually a little bit simpler for me because this show, we're not breaking down schedules. That's what the other show every day is for. We have the show we're doing in the afternoon every single day, every weekday. We've done it, I think, for 3 weeks in a row now, and I even squeezed a couple of weekend shows in. 3 out of 4 weekend days, I think. That's pretty good for me. Nice ratio. Those shows are about schedule. That's where you talk about the fringy, ultra fringy, deep fringy guys that have a good schedule. This show, The Week in Review, it's kind of a safe space. It's a safe space from streaming. The streaming we talk about on The Week in Review show is about a guy that pops in for an injury replacement, opportunity to short stream someone for a big old game. We're not worried about weekly moves limits here. This is geared a little bit more towards roto or head to head weekly leagues are also in the mix. So let's get into it. We can review shows we cover basically the last 4 or 5 days. I know it says 7, but we don't really go back to the last weekend because most teams have played 2 or 3 times since then. We focus on players independent of their current schedule, so don't ask about volume. Volume of the show, you can ask about my voice, but not volume of games played. We're not doing that. Atdanvaspress@ethosfantasybk, which by the way, we've been told will become Ethos Fantasy NBA during the off season. We're gonna finally switch that up. Like, rate, subscribe. Check out the links in the show description for, what do we got in there? We got our partners. We got our sponsors in the show description, MANSCAPED, ExpressVPN. MANSCAPED coupon coupon. Did I say coupon code? I might have. Coupon code is Ethos 20. Ethos 20. 20% off and free shipping over there. Discord link is in there. All that good stuff. So now you know how we do our Friday shows. Took me 2 and a half minutes to do it with the music at the beginning. Apologies, everyone. A little bit of a slow start today. Like I said, I'm sleepy. Let's do it. We're working in reverse a little bit today. It's the other thing that I thought was worth popping in there. We're gonna talk injury replacement level players first because it occurs to me that the way that I build this list, I do the ads, we do the holds, strong and then weak, soft strong and soft holds. We do, the guys that are nearing a drop or droppables. And then in the in the past, we've done the injury replacement board. But a lot of times, by the time we get to that, I've got all you guys going, hey. Where the hell is player x? And I keep having to say, oh, yeah. By the way, we're gonna talk about this guy on the injury replacement board. Let's knock that out first today and probably going forward. I think I'm gonna like this. This actually makes a lot of sense to me. I don't know why I didn't figure this out sooner. Now you guys can see all the players that in my eyes have not yet established themselves as a an everyday play when their team is healthy, but are very much a play right now. And you guys can yell at me about it all you want, but, like, you know, thinking back to someone like a Trey Murphy last year is a good example of someone I left on the injury replacement for the entire season. And this year, we saw when the when the pels were fully healthy, Trey Murphy was outside the top 120. When, Dyson Daniels went down, he and Herb Jones each got a little bump that was useful. They each picked up, you know, 2, 3 extra minutes, and Trey Murphy got very hot, which also sort of rolled in conjunction. But I had all these people last year yelling at me, like, Dan, Trey Murphy is number 65. He's number 65. I'm like, yeah. I don't care what a dude's rank is. I care how it happens. And I felt like last year, we never actually got to see him be a 9 cat all the time play. He was a doesn't matter level play before someone on that team went down. And this is not to say that Trey Murphy is has nothing to do with what he is right this second. I'm just referring to sort of why I might keep a guy on an injury replacement board longer than people wanna see them there. But you guys all take this as a slight. It's not a slight. It's just me being hyper organized. So let's go through the injury replacement board. And, yeah, if we have to pause on anybody, we'll pause on anyone. But Ahman Thompson, technically injure injury replacement for Alper and Shangoon, who's out for the season. So, you know, again, you could just call him a a standard ad, but we haven't seen him do it when the team was healthy. He wasn't. He was getting 18 minutes a game when they were healthy. Yes. He's a play for the rest of the year. So, anyway, on we go. Josh Hart with Julius Randle out. Deuce McBride, Miles with OGN and Obi out. Paul Reed with Joel Embiid out, who, again, I keep having these feelings of, like, what when's the bottom gonna fall out? But he's been fine. He's been okay enough. Kelly Oubre with Embiid and Melton out, sort of a double it's a combo platter there. Al Horford, anytime any Boston starter is out, and he's upright is a great play. Peyton Pritchard with Drew Holiday out these days, and then other guys are gonna sit during the back to back coming up, so you get sort of like a again, you get a little extra there. Nick Richards, Mark Williams never came back. And Nick Richards hanging out in the doesn't matter zone the entire year. Miceli Emicic, with Cody Martin out, and I had somebody come into my mentions to tell me that I was being too mean to Misic by saying he wasn't just a straight play. I don't know what it is that's so complicated about this. An injury replacement is a guy that you basically play. Most of the guys on this list are guys you play right now because their individual game upside is high enough to warrant a start. Like, Mitcic, you're starting right now. But what we didn't see was him being consistently good enough until Cody Martin got ruled out for multiple weeks. That is when Mitcic moved from one good game out of every 3 or 4 to 1 2 good games out of every 3, basically. That's when he took the jump forward. Just because we want it to be true, doesn't necessarily make it true. Now I don't know if Cody Martin's coming back this season. Doesn't matter. Hornets are way out of it. There's no reason to bring anybody back if they don't have to. I think the same story for LaMelo Ball, probably not playing anymore this season. And at that point, does somebody come back? Let's say Cody Martin does come back, and Mitch gets continues to have fantasy value. Great. At that point, you can upgrade him from an injury replacement to a straight play, but an injury replacement is a play. This is not a slight on these players. I don't know how many times I have to say that damn thing. It drives me insane though that people are like, oh, Dan, you're being too mean to these guys. This is not mean. This is just, have we seen these players post consistent everyday startable fantasy value when the guy in front of them is not hurt, is healthy? And the answer for every one of these dudes I've talked about so far is no. Duncan Robinson couldn't do it when Tyler Herro was healthy. He's the next name on the list. George Niang. Oh, I spelled that wrong. Gotta fix that one, don't we? Yeah. We're gonna fix that one on the fly. That is George Niang. Come on, Best Bruce. Get it together. For Max Strouse. Simone Fontecchio for Assar Thompson, and there's an asterisk next to his name because Fontecchio is hurt right now also. Assar is out for the season. Probably should have put that in parentheses as well. If Fontecchio can get himself back into the mix somehow, he'll be a very nice fill in play. I have Duncan Robinson on there twice. Jeez, Dan. You gotta sleep more. Oh my goodness. Jeez. Vesperus. Troubling today. Troubling. Cam Johnson right now is on my injury board. I I don't think we've seen enough from him to say that he's, better than a than a doesn't matter level guy when that team is mostly healthy, but Doreen Finney Smith missed their last ballgame, and Cam Johnson exploded for a really nice one. Keon Ellis with Kevin Hertter out, don't care that he had a quiet ballgame yesterday. As I specifically said on yesterday's show, at some point, he's having these 6 defensive stat games. He's gonna get a game with only 1 because he's probably gonna average up somewhere in the threes. If you get 6 one game, you're bound to get a 0 or a 1 in another. And then slow mo, Kyle Anderson out in Minnesota with Kat and Gobert down. We haven't seen do it until Gobert moved out of the way also. So there's your injury replacement board, and now you know where those guys are. So if they don't appear on any of these other lists, you don't have to be like, Dan, why aren't you talking about these guys? And I always have to say, yet. Talking about them yet. Alright. Here's the ads of the week. TJ McConnell, second reminder. I think people have been slow to buy in on that. I thought I was slow to buy in on it, but I think I'm still about a week ahead of most people to say, hey. This guy's actually playing all the time. McConnell's a go. Solid numbers, not spectacular numbers, but, you know, between the, sort of everyday posting almost the exact same line of, like, 11 points and 5 assists is strikingly consistent. 16, 13, 14, 13, the points over the last 4. 4146 on the assist, 222 and 1 on steals, and he's been, you know, right around 50%. Every once in a while, he explodes. Pops off for a game, you know, he's 17, 6, and 6. He had a 26 and 5 with 3 steals game mixed in there. So you mix in 2 really good ones with, like, 8, 9 in a row okay ones, and you get playable. Last 30 days, he's number 81, and last couple weeks, he's actually been better than that. So, McConnell, he's doing it in 20 minutes a damn ball game. Just sort of McConnell unleashed right now. Santi Aldama, I, I can't possibly get this one right. No matter what I do, I can't get Aldama right and timing wise. Because I was like, oh, Aldama, great guy to pick up after the trade deadline because everybody's getting shut down. He's gonna do all sorts of stuff. And then he just didn't, like, he didn't shoot, and his minutes were all over the map. And, and I was, like, oh, well, okay. Maybe it's when j j j goes down. And he had to cut a couple of decent games when Jaren Jackson was out, but then he kinda disappeared, wouldn't didn't take shots on offense again. And now all of a sudden, the grizzlies have their main guys back, and Aldama's locked back in. So maybe it's a focus thing with him where it's like, oh, we're playing our good guys. We actually have a legitimate shot to win this ball game. Maybe I should go try. And then over the last couple of weeks, he's really kicked it into high gear. And over the last single one week, he's been amazing. Shooting 49%. He's at 19 and 8 with 1.7 steals a block and almost 4 3 pointers a game. Yeah. A lot of that stuff is not sustainable, but he's on a serious heater right now. And the grizzlies, you know, if if if for Aldama, it's gonna be about the the simple fact that they're trying a little bit more lately. You know, Bane being back has been useful for the whole we're trying, convincing people of that. And Jaren Jackson is playing in most ball games against competitive teams. I think that probably puts Aldama back above the cut line. But I've been wrong twice already this year, timing wise on Aldama. Not whether or not he can put up some decent lines, but exactly when it was gonna happen. Total whiffs. I was like, oh, great. He got the whole front court to himself, and then he just didn't wanna do anything. And now it's like, oh, he's playing with all these guys that want the basketball, and he's decided to rev himself up. So I'll admit, I can't seem to get it right on when he's actually gonna go and take some shots, but it sure seems like it's happening right now. And if I get this one wrong again, then maybe I should just be like, you know what? Just do whatever anybody else says on Aldava because I can't get the timing right on that one. But we're close. Jalen Suggs. This is, you know, this is a little bit more of a heater play with Suggs. He's number 1 13 on the year. So, you know, you average it all out, and he's sort of like a a king among the doesn't matter guys. But over the last 3 weeks, he's rolling top 50 because he's shooting 55% over that stretch. A, mind you, fully unsustainable number for a guy whose field goal percent is typically not all that great. He has dramatically improved his 3 point shooting this year. He's up to 40%. He's at 46 and change from the field, but he runs hot and cold. You know, he got off to a start this year where he was shooting around, like he was, like, a 48, 85 splits, and then he went through a long stretch where he was shooting, like, 39%. And the free throw number came way down over that span, and he was brutal. And he got hurt a couple times in there. Well, the steals are starting to come back again because he's got his legs back. I think he can kinda smell the finish line a little bit. So this is a good time for an energy guy like Suggs to be in lineups because you're out of the dog days. Energy guys get ruined by the dog days of a basketball season. And Onyeko, Kang Woo is on the ads board as a bit of more of a stash play because we saw in the last one, he didn't really get to do all that much. Their loss in Phoenix, how many minutes did he even get in that ball game. 19. As line was okay, 8 and 3 with a steal and a block on a good field goal percent, but, generally, that's not gonna be quite enough. What I'm looking for here is can Okonwu gather a couple of power forward minutes? And I feel like the answer at some point is gonna be they almost have to. Like, if Viet Kretchie is not having a decent ballgame he played pretty well, actually, for the hawks yesterday, so he got, second most minutes on the team behind just Dejounte Murray. But, like, if Kretchie is not playing all that well, or if Deandre Hunter is having a I mean, he didn't shoot that ball all that well yesterday, but he's being aggressive, and I think they like that part. Then you'll probably see Okangwu and Capella play side by side a little bit. He didn't yesterday. That's the thing that would kind of unlock him. As it stands right now, he probably profiles as kind of a doesn't matter range dude, 100 to a 140, kind of somewhere in that range. In the backup minutes, 18, 19, 20, 21, that kind of stuff, that that probably puts him in that 130 range. But if that pushes up to 22 minutes, then he's top 100. 24 minutes, he's probably top 85, 80. I don't think it's getting any higher than that. But, again, kind of a upside stash, but he's healthy enough to actually give you something in the meantime. And if you're looking for guys in that doesn't matter group that have a little bit of upside, Okongo is one of those guys. Strong holds. These are the holds that I don't think need much in the way of explanation. Naz Reed, if he can get healthy, dealing with the head thing, so we don't truly know, what the time line is when you get into the the noggin stuff. Now your guess is because my guys just sort of pop back up again, and then it's all good. But, obviously, when he comes back, he's gonna have a massive role. And if you can hang on there, please try to do so. Trey Murphy and Herb Jones are obvious hold, especially now with Brandon Ingram going down. That, of course, is the big injury news. Probably should have started the podcast with that. Ingram, the initial diagnosis is a, deep I think it's a bone bruise. Right? Yeah. Bone contusion, which doesn't sound that bad, but those things take a while to go away. They'll be reevaluated in 2 weeks, which gives you, what, 10 days left in the season at that point. I think exactly 10 days left in the season. I think he's out for the rest of the regular season. If he plays again, it's probably, like, one game. So Ingram's probably a drop. There is no corresponding ad with Ingram. It's just more Trey Jones and more or more Trey Murphy and more Herb Jones. I can come in. I can I can smoosh those guys together and graft one guy's head onto the other guy's body? Keontae George is a is a pretty strong hold. I know he's got some holes in his fantasy game. That's okay. I think you kinda just wanna ride with it and let the usage take over. Denny Avdia, Trey Mann, these guys are holds because they have an opportunity to do a bunch of stuff. Gary Trent junior and Kelly Olynyk, if we need the Raptors I mean, if they have a competitive ballgame, these guys are gonna put up some big fat lines, and they're doing fine even in massive blowouts. Isaiah Hartenstein is a strong hold as minutes have trended back up to towards 26, 27. That's a really big deal for a guy who was stuck at about 22 for a while. Walker Kessler in Utah and Trey Jones, who's kicked things back up a click. Also, by the way, I think if Trey Jones kinda very different fantasy profile, very different player, obviously. But Onyeko, Kangu, and Trae Jones remind me of each other because at baseline, they kinda hang out in that 1 30 ish range. And then every once in a while, if you catch them on the right 2 to 3 weeks, that's when they surge ahead. That's when they push themselves up towards the front of that doesn't matter group or maybe even just slightly above it. And that's why if you're gonna play and, again, like, with Roto, you don't have to play those guys every ball game. But when they get going, there isn't the like, so compare Trey Jones to a Jeremy Soehan if if we're gonna look at those 2 guys together. Soehan, I I call a guy who's a stream only Wow warm player. And for me, those are guys I generally just don't play, because when the bottom falls out, kaboom. It's rough. There's no floor for a guy like Sohan or that was another good example of this. Jordan Clarkson when Markkanen was in. There's just no floor for those guys. Every once in a while, they have 2 weeks where they're rolling, like, top 70 or 60 or whatever, but then all of a sudden, the cooldown, and they're back near the edge of the top 200, 250. Like, it's a brutal drop off. That's why those guys for me, it's like, well, I'm not gonna take a shot on them because if I catch them at the end of the heater, they're gonna do way more damage than good. Guys like a Trey Jones, Okangwu, who else on this list might even profile in that range? I mean, Trey Murphy before anybody got hurt probably profiles in that range as well. These are guys that, yes, while a lot of the time they may hang out in that 125, 130 range, they basically don't go lower than that for any extended stretch. And Murphy got very cold for a week or 2, so maybe that's not the best example. But, like, a bad stretch for Trae Jones is 150, which isn't good, but it's not gonna totally sync your fantasy team like a bad Sohan run, which is top 250. You can't even say top anymore. That's bottom 250. That's rough. That takes your team backwards. So that's why I'm more willing to look at a guy like a Trey Jones, who I think, you know, settles in the doesn't matter group, but can push ahead of that as opposed to the stream while warm guys who settle in the 200 range and then can push up for brief stretches as well. The soft hold board, you guys might have some arguments with me on this one. That's okay. I'll give you my reasoning on them, and and you guys can take it or leave it. Soft hold number 1 is Aaron Nesmith, who I honestly, I just I feel like he's playing enough minutes where I'd be floored if he wasn't at least in that doesn't matter group. And, again, that's that's why I feel okay with that because I think he probably is a doesn't matter level guy who can maybe push in front of it if things break the right way. Jonas Valancunas, who by the way, again, I'm having a very tough time putting myself in people's shoes on this one because I didn't draft him anywhere. But just knowing what we know about JV, you know, this is this is me making a call from the outside. So, again, you can listen to me if you want. But if you're like, Dan, you don't have him anywhere. So how can you tell me to soft hold him? With Ingram going down, I think you gotta at least give JV a shot now to see if they start to run a little bit bigger at times, want a little more offense in there at times. If they don't, they don't. And, also, you know, Larry Nance tends to get hurt every couple of weeks, so that's another reason to hang on there. Trace Jackson Davis, some of you guys might yell at me that I should have him more as a very stronghold, but I'm not a full believer yet. He's been playing well, but I think sometimes we start to look at a rookie and see them playing well for, you know, whatever it is, week and a half, and say, this guy's figured it out when we don't really know for sure if he's figured it out or not. He's on a run of double digits scoring for 6 games in a row. The rebounds have been pretty good, and the blocks have been better. The free throws are really rough, like real rough. 47% over the last month. So there's a lot to like about his game over the last month. 78% from the field being one of them and the 1 and a half blocks, but full punt free throw is a tough one to swallow when the other stuff is not hyper elite. Now the field goal percent is hyper elite, but the volume is not. So I'm not all the way there on Jackson Davis. I think there's a lot to like there, but I I just he's gotta get that free throw number up into the probably the 60 range for me to to really consider taking the plunge. Because, again, for all the good he's doing, he's presently doing more damage. Deandre Hunter is a hold, and him having a better ballgame yesterday made this call a little bit simpler. I I just I I simply don't believe they, I just simply don't believe that Atlanta has enough offensive options with Trae Young out where Hunter won't have a decent amount of things to do. Bruce Brown is a soft hold. I'm not as excited about him as I am about Trent and Olinic, but I think there should be enough here, especially with Quickley out also for Toronto. I mean, everybody's out for that team right now, so there ought to be enough. And then Gigi Jackson, you guys might be mad that I don't have him higher on the board. But just because he's gone on, like, a 3 game shooting spree is not a reason for me to be, like, oh, this guy's magically the best player in fantasy basketball. Yeah. He's running hot right now. Four games, I guess, 4 game shooting spree. He's got, what, 19 threes over those 4 ball games. Guys run hot and cold. If he cools off, it could get real rough. He doesn't typically get much in the way of defensive stats. There isn't a whole lot to float things there. Rebound's okay for whatever we consider him wing. He's a wing, I guess, for that team. But, again, it's all about threes and points for the most part. So if the percentages dip, there isn't that that hammock to hold him. Great opportunity in points leagues, by the way. Should mention that. And, again, he's running very hot right now. Last couple of weeks, he's top 50 because he's scoring 25 points a game with 4 3 pointers on 50% shooting and 86% high volume free throws, but those numbers probably aren't going to stick. I know captain buzzkill over here, but the dude's shooting 44% for the year and 75% at the free throw line. And even if you think those come up a little bit, 5087 on high volume feels a bit of a reach. It's okay. You can yell at me if you want. The I'm scared nervous drop board, Malik Beasley. I think he can probably drop there. If you want a pre drop, that's fine. He's not all that exciting of a fantasy basketball player. Anyway, and Giannis and Khris Middleton are both seemingly healthy enough right now. So there you go. Dennis Schroder, I think a little bit of that sort of initial new team bump is wearing off. And with Cam Thomas around, I'm just not sure there's enough for Schroder to do every day to balance out the fact that some parts of his fantasy game are not there. You know, he's number 157 on the year in 31 minutes of all game, 14 points, 6 assists. Fine. The 6 assists are nice, but there really isn't anything else he does that's been a net positive this season. And I find it hard to believe that he's gonna be doing more than that the rest of the way in Brooklyn. So, you know, doesn't matter. Range is probably attainable for him, but there isn't much room to go above that while that nets team is mostly healthy right now. And there is unfortunately room for him to taper off below that. So not really a big Dennis Schroder guy. And then Corey Kispert, who I I don't know what the hell just happened, but he's completely forgotten how to hit a free throw. And it is fully sinking any chance he's got lately of of having fantasy value. I I I really I truly don't know. Back on March 8th, he went 6 for 6 at the foul line. And since then, his games have been 1 for 2, 1 for 2, 0 for 2, 1 for 1, heaven forbid, 1 for 2, 0 for 2, 2 for 6 last night. The hell happened? This dude was an 86% free throw shooter coming into this season. This year, he's at 72. Yeah. I don't know, man. But you certainly can't play him if he's not a positive at the free throw line. That was one of the whole reasons to have him on a roster. You get decent threes on good both percentages, But if one of those evaporates, he's not even close to 9 cat startable. Like, if free throw is a negative, he's way off the board. If you wanna give him another game, I'm okay with it because his minutes are really high right now with being ruled out for the rest of the regular season and Tyus Jones. Is he out for the rest of the season or just or indefinite? Either way, these guys are out a bit. So there's a lot of opportunity here for Kispert. And, typically, when he's played those 35, 36 minutes, it's been good. But, typically, it's because you get a lot of threes. You get them on a decent field goal percent, you know, 48% from the field isn't bad, and an 85% foul shooter, and that is bad right now. I don't know if it's a temporary dip or what. If he's gonna come back and hit 9 for 9 in the next ball game, he probably doesn't get 9 free throws for 3 games. But either way, something's gone amiss awry here for Corey, and I cannot possibly advocate hanging on while he's shooting this horribly. And finally, the watch list, which is our final board, and then we'll do a a, quick check of the, chat room to see if there's some players we didn't cover that you guys brought up. Dillon Brooks is on the watch list. He was actually in the midst of having a pretty good ball game yesterday before he got himself thrown out. 23 points on 13 shots. Like, you know, the issue with Brooks is that he always runs extraordinarily hot and cold, and so you need to sort of max out usage with him. He's number 170 on the season, taking about 10 and a half shots a ball game. Because he didn't shoot that well. The question I had, and I don't think I ever said to pick him up, but the question I had was when Alper and Shengoon went down, was that 10 and a half shots per game, was that gonna go up to, like, a dozen? And if it did go up to a dozen, would that gonna be enough to get him over the cut line? And the answer so far has been a pretty resounding no. But I don't wanna just assume that it's always gonna be a no, so he stays on the watch list. Jake LaRavia is on the watch list. He's been playing kinda fine, but he also can't shoot. He's shooting 35% on the year, and he hasn't had a game where he shot above 50% since March 1st. Since then, 0, 33, 47, 30, 44, 44, 15, 40 4, 31, and 30%. I like the, the scoring's been okay. He's been in the teens. Rebounding's been alright. Steals have been alright in there. But when you're full, basically, punt field goal, which is kinda what he's been over that stretch, you need to do more in those other categories to make up for it. So while he's been shooting horribly, despite the uptick in points, about a dozen points per game, 5 boards, 1.3 steals, half a block, a lot of that stuff actually sounds pretty good, but the 35% keeps him outside the top 150. So watch list for La Revia in case he warms up. Jon Konchar, Luke Kennard are sort of, like, tandem watch listers for me. I think with Roto, you can just sort of play Konchar as long as Kennard is out because we have no idea when he's coming back. If he's coming back, so Konchar would be an injury replacement, I guess, in that if we're gonna sort of categorize him properly for Luke Kennard. And then if Kennard comes back, then you put him both back on the watch list and say, alright. Well, now who comes out of this pack? Joc Landale is on my watch list. He picked up some extra minutes yesterday with Jabari Smith junior in foul trouble. It really does feel like Landale needs so he's he's running hot right now. Over the last 2 weeks, he's number 75 because he had that 7 block ballgame mixed in there. If you remove that one, which I know you can't just, like, like, take a game and remove it because it happened, it's real, and that's why he's ranked higher, 21 minutes won't be enough long term for Landale because it's probably not gonna average 2 blocks in 21 minutes if you look at all the other ones. And I guess, you know, you look at it, you're like, okay. Well, you know, maybe that's just the way he operates. We'll have 1 block, 1 block, 1 block, 0 blocks, 1 block, and then boom, 5 or 6 in 1 ballgame. But there's sort of nothing to indicate that that's normal. And so when you look at what he's done over the last 2 weeks, you get this weird sample size thing going on where there's one massive outlier in there. And if we don't see one massive outlier from him every 2 weeks, then we know it's a massive outlier. So, watch list. Jaden McDaniels is darn near startable with both Kat and Gobert and Nas Reed out. I should probably mention the fact that all 3 of them being down finally forced him to take 13 shots in a ball game. And that's the key for McDaniels. He needs to get over a dozen shots. When he's at 7 shots a game, what the hell is he at for the season? 8.7, not enough. Because he's pretty efficient, shoots 49% from the field, 1.2 threes, a steal, 0.6 blocks, doesn't rebound or pass very much. So you just need more. You need that 8 and some odd shots to go up to 11, 12, something like that. So you're getting 14, 15 points plus the low rebounds, low assists, and okay defensive stats. And the threes go from 1.2 up to 2, and it compounds. I think with all 3 centers out, I would probably play Jaden McDaniels. I don't believe we have an update on Naz Reed. We did just find out that Gary Trent junior is questionable, so that could detonate a couple of my leagues. But no update on Naz Reed as of this moment. But if all 3 of the centers are out for Minnesota, and we know Kat's out for the season, then you probably start McDaniels. Ochai Abadji, who maybe this one becomes more relevant with Gary Trent on the the questionable block. If Trent sits, he probably could play Abbaggio. I mean, fantasy game is not all that good. Nah. Meh. Meh. And then Andrew Wiggins, who I'm sure a lot of you guys are like, Dan, why are you being such a butthole to Andrew Wiggins? He just had a really good ballgame. Well, he's shown himself to be not super trustworthy this year. Over the last month, he's number 135, which puts him very firmly in the doesn't matter group, and that's probably where he sits. Wiggins says it doesn't matter. There's a little bit of upside for him beyond that, but we haven't seen it particularly often. So I'm inclined to just believe that he's a doesn't matter guy this year. Pretty consistently, it doesn't matter guy, frankly. Alright. Let's see what you guys brought up in the chat room. What do we got here? Remember, we're not gonna be doing streaming questions on this show. We are going to be doing questions about well, sort of more type questions. Let's see if the basically, I'm looking for any questions on players I didn't mention. Here's one. I have Rudy Gobert and Tobias Harris in my IR. I can't get into the the moves part of this thing. Would you drop either of those guys? Yeah. I mean, once you get a report, that's when you make a call like that. If you're at by the way, guys, if you're asking streaming questions, save those for our streaming show. Okay. We got a question about what to do for next week if you have a buy this week. I'll be covering that on the streaming show either today or tomorrow. Fear not. Denver says the, injury thing versus ads is annoying semantics. Yeah. But I have to, though, because here maybe I can explain myself to you in a way that makes more sense. By the way, this is a long time viewer, so don't if people are reading, they're, like, oh, you're he's calling him out. No. He's not calling me out. This is this is a buddy. The reason I leave people on the injury replacement board and I don't just call them ads is because then I would have to immediately call them drops if a guy comes back, and they're not good anymore. I want people to know I, at least, I want I I can't assume that everybody's watching every single show I do. If everybody was watching every show I do, then they'd be then I could call someone an ad one day and a drop the next day, and they'd be on board with it. But if they don't, if they maybe just watch the Friday shows, it's like, okay. This guy's an injury replacement dude. I need to be ready in case news breaks on the guy that's in front of them in the pecking order. And so you can just you can plan out your whole year a little more easily that way. So that's why in my mind, it's actually really important to just kinda distinguish between the 2. Any thoughts on Isaiah Jackson for the Pacers? Well, Miles Turner was in foul trouble in their last ball game, and then Jalen Smith also is sort of in and out of health all year, basically. So you kinda needed a few things to happen at the same time, meaning I'm I'm kinda leaning towards a no on Isaiah Jackson. Sorry, Jose. I know you probably wanted me to hear a yes on that one. Any schedule highlights for next week? Again, don't worry. We'll get into that on the streaming show. If Gary Trent junior is questionable and doesn't play, are there any ads? I mean, Abhaji would be the closest guy. You're my fantasy hero. Oh, thanks. That's nice. Let's see here. Lot of streaming questions. Lot of streaming questions. What's going on with Kevin Durant? He's been number 26 player for the last 2 months. You know, I I I think he's still number 11 on the year. I'm not super concerned about KD. I think he's just kind of throttled down a little bit. He had to do a line number 64 over the last month, because he's shooting 81% at the free throw line instead of 90, and he's 47% from the field instead of 50. And he's just not quite as locked, and the turnovers are at almost 4 per ball game over that stretch. You know, honestly, like, a lot of it's just the percentages. The other stuff is not all that different, and they got healthy. Beal's been in. Booker's been in. KD's been all in together. They're kind of taking turns who gets to chill a little bit. So it is what it is. I mean, he's still obviously an everyday fantasy player. So so it goes. Obviously, you'd want him to be really hot right now if you're in your playoffs, but this happens to be a little bit of a semi barely little bit downstretch for him. I mean, 26 is still pretty good. So many questions about streaming. Is Sam Houser back? I don't think we've seen anything yet today. Yeah. I got nothing on him. Now if he is back, then Sam Houser would be an awesome guy to add to this board. And, frankly, maybe he should have been on the injury replacement board, with that sort of asterisk like Fontecchio because he's out, and Boston's going into this back to back where they're gonna rest half their starters in one and half in the other. And so if Houser's in for either of those, then he's a really good one. So go ahead. And in your mind, just put Houser on the injury replacement board, but with the asterisk that he still hurt as of this moment. And so you kinda have sort of no, no hope but to sit and wait on the injury report. And, again, a lot of streaming questions. I appreciate them. They're lovely, but this is not a streaming show. Take them over in Discord. Maybe you guys can kinda help each other out, or you can help each other out in the chat room, or you wait. We're gonna have our streaming show probably in about 4 hours from now. Subscribe, and that's a way that you can make sure that you know when that show is going live. My goal is sometime around 2 o'clock Pacific time, give or take. I will try to give some kind of warning on Twitter about when it's happening, and then, hopefully, you guys can kinda come over and join from there. Those of you that are watching right now on social, make sure you follow so that way you can also make sure you see that tweet when it goes out, or come on over to YouTube, subscribe over there. That's a much easier way, frankly, I believe to do it. So make the jump from one platform to the other. Or and I've said this before. The easiest one, listen after the fact. Plus, we get paid more for the ads on those traditional pods. I know. Being maybe too blunt. But it helps pay the damn bills. So, anyway, however you've taken the show, obviously, I'm extremely appreciative. It it's been awesome. The growth this year, last year, years like, it's crazy how our YouTube's taken off, how the pod's taken off, how the Twitter's taken off, all that good stuff. So thank you to everybody for all your shares and likes and subscribes and whatever you've done to tell people that you know. Go check out our pals atmanscaped.com with promo code ethos 20, ethos 20. To get 20% off and free shipping, I am at Dan Vesperos on Twitter, and we'll be back in a couple of hours. Actually, maybe more like 4 ish with our streaming show. That'll hopefully get you set for not only today, but also carry you through, the weekend and into early next week if your season continues. Thanks for watching everybody. See you in a little bit.