Welcome to the Fantasy MBA Today podcast. We can review. We can do that. Right? We're back to normal. It's week in review time on the show. Hi, everybody. Fantasy NBA Today. I'm Dan Vasquez. This is a sports ethos presentation. We got a lot to cover here on this, first of 2, I'm hoping, Friday editions of Fantasy NBA Today. Make sure to like and subscribe, most importantly, because today, and if the plan holds, the plan is we're we're gonna start doing little quick hitters, like, maybe 10 to 15 minute shows maximum as a second show on certain days, as many days as humanly possible to break down, playoff head to head matchups. Because a lot of folks, their playoffs start, on Monday. This show, however, is going to be focused on more of the season long element of things, which I I never I get it. Playoffs are part of a season long thing, but you guys know what I mean. More of a rest of season, who's a pickup, who's a drop, that kind of stuff. Independent of schedule analysis. That's what these that's what this Friday show is about. That's what most of our recap shows are about. So it's no Roto games cap kind of stuff, head to head if you're looking for somebody that you can just hold the rest of the year, that type of deal. So again, please do hit a subscribe button, like, follow, whatever it requires to make sure that you get all the, extra stuff we're gonna be trying to pump out your way. And before I, deep dive our week 19 review show, I wanna tell you guys at the beginning of today's episode, the baseball draft guide is out now. Joe Orico and his incredible team of baseball analysts have put together some, the the the depth of these articles is truly impressive, and you guys know. Like, I've read a lot of fantasy stuff over the years. The depth is very impressive. Anthony's dynasty work is out of control Out of control. But look, I know what you guys want on the baseball side. You guys want rankings, and that's what Joe's got out. Projections are out already. It's broken down by position, and the full Orico 250, the straight rankings. If you're taking that into your baseball draft, that's gonna be dropping here shortly as well. Baseball Fantasy Pass starts at $6 a month. If you are already on the NBA Fantasy Pass with us here at Sports Ethos, you can upgrade to the all sport to get football and baseball for $1. $1, Bob. $1, Bob. That's it. You can go from basketball or baseball or football. If you have any of those fantasy passes, you can upgrade to the all 3 for $1 a month. $1. It's crazy. Hit me up at Dan Vazquez on Twitter. Reach out on YouTube. Reach out in our forums. Reach out on, Discord. That link is in the show description. However you wanna reach out. Right? Sports, support at sportsethos.com. However you need to get in touch with us. I've been told that you should be able to just upgrade in the system, and it'll kick in the discount. But if you're having trouble or if it's not working, you can reach out. We can make sure to get you guys signed up for that. It's a big part of our growth here is to get you guys using all of our stuff, so we're making it unbelievably affordable. Let's, begin. This is your week 19 in review thread. Again, we're gonna be covering things from that sort of week to week standpoint, not so much the individual schedules. Let's get going. Ads, only 2 this week, so I got to use exceptionally large font. Deandre Hunter and Chris Paul. And I don't know that like, how much explanation do we need on these? It's weird that the the ads board is gonna be probably our shortest explanations also, but you've seen it is effectively the explanation for this. I know that Atlanta got blown out yesterday, so, Hunter only had 12 points in 26 minutes. But with Trae Young out I mean, if you wanna call him an injury fill in, I'm fine with that also. It's not clear that that's what it is. He was kinda coming on anyway. But Hunter's getting the minutes. He's getting the shots. Again, yesterday's game was a a rough rough blowout, or he would have had a few extra minutes. There's just a lot to like. Now the one thing to keep in mind with a player like Hunter is that things can also dry up pretty fast. A lot of his values tied up in his percentages, which tend to be positive kind of positive for both. But look. He's number 106 on the season in 28 minutes of ballgame, 10 and a half shots a game. That 10 and a half shots is a number that's likely to be higher with, Trae Young out. I know he was only at 8 yesterday, but, again, blowout stuff. Mostly of late, it has been higher. Prior to that, there was a 10, there was an 8, 16, 12, 14. The shot number is higher. The minutes are around 28, and they could go up if he really sort of shows that he's healthy enough to get another small minutes bump. And then Chris Paul, this is one that just needs to be on the list because he's back. And, again, like, a lot of this is because this is a week to week show. We haven't had a, we haven't had a Friday weekend review show since before the all star break because of coming back and then only having this sort of one day of games last week before Friday. And then the Chris Paul news broke on, what, Tuesday, I think? Monday or Tuesday? So that's why he's in there. This is the most obvious one on planet Earth. This is Chris Paul we're talking about. Again, even if he's not getting the massive usage that he's had in the past, he's still Chris Paul. He's still number 85 in 9 cat leagues. I sat on him anywhere I could. He's going to be elite in assists. He's going to be solid in steals. And then we just have to continue to hope that the field goal percent comes up from 42a half. But even if it doesn't, he's still a 12 team 9 cat guy, and you just sort of play him. So this is the easy board. What about the harder ones? Let's go to strong holds next. Then I broke down the holds into strong and weak holds this week because I felt like it was easier than me trying to explain, what like, how how much I wanted to hold each individual player. So here are your strongholds, and these are the ones where I don't think we need to explain it as much because I feel like there's gonna be decent consensus on it. Klay Thompson, stronghold. He's played well since coming off the bench. He's never gonna get back to, you know, old fashioned Klay, but he's been a start. Aaron Neesmith is a stronghold. He was great before he got hurt, and it sounds like he could be back as soon as tonight. Trey Jones, kind of up and down. I'll give you that. The Trey Jones experience in San Antonio started very poorly. He went on a pretty good run. He's kinda kicked it back into gear over the last week or so. So that's elevated his numbers. He's shooting, like, 70% over the last 5 games. That's one of the big reasons why you've seen things kick into high gear for him. But that's the thing. Sometimes he'll have a week, week and a half where he shoots the ball well. Sometimes it'll cool a tad. In general, the assists, the steals, the sort of combination of percentages, and not a whole lot else is usually gonna be enough to get him into that department. But, again, don't think people were dropping. Grayson Allen had one off game. Absolutely no reason to drop there. Keontae George is both a hold and a sell when you can guy because he's shooting a high volume 37% over the last couple of weeks, and that's tanking teams. But he's scoring. He's getting assists. He's getting threes. So what you kinda have to hope for here is that at some point, he does have a spell where he shoots 47% for a week or 2 weeks or 50% for a week or whatever it is. And then you're like, oh, okay. I got my window. Because when he does that on 13, 14, 15 shots a game or whatever he's getting these days, you're looking at a guy that could put up, like, a 27 kinda night with 3 3 pointers, and people are gonna want that because they're gonna start to think, oh, this is just what's gonna happen now. But, no, we're clever. We are clever. We know what's what. Denny Avdha is a stronghold. Trey Mann is a stronghold, kind of in the same vein as, Keontae George, but with slightly less impactful field goal percent dip because he's not shooting as much as George is. So Mann is probably a little bit of an easier asset to hold on to and or move. Marvin Bagley is a stronghold. He was a soft hold about 2 games back, and then he started to rev it back up again. Herb Jones, very stronghold. He's in there I don't even know why he's on this list. Asar Thompson is a stronghold. The fact that he still got minutes even after Isaiah Stewart came back was a good sign for him moving down the stretch. And then maybe the hardest one in this whole category is Isaiah Hartenstein, because the latest report on him is that he's still dealing with the Achilles soreness, which, I mean, like, you look at any box score, or watch him move, and it's pretty obvious that there's stuff going on. The problem, of course, is, like, you can't play him against a game's cap because he might just play 20 minutes or he might play 9 minutes on 1 night if the Achilles is kinda acting up in a little bit. I'm on it like this feels a little bit like malpractice, doesn't it? You play a guy on a sore Achilles, what like, what's to stop that thing from just popping loose in a week? If I'm Ardenstein and I'm going into I think he's I think he's a unrestricted free agent at the end of this year. I like, I'm telling somebody, look. I wanna win as much as the next guy. I get it. Mitchell Robinson's out and Julius Randle's out. And if I'm not playing even a little bit, then we got no size at all. But, like, I got a whole career to think about. If he blows out his Achilles and has to miss all of next season, that's gonna cost him, like, probably tens of 1,000,000 of dollars. And that's probably one of the reasons that he's not extending himself too far in these games. Because if he did, he's at risk of maybe blowing that thing out. But you gotta hold on because we've seen what he can do, and I know the Knicks are hoping to get Mitchell Robinson back, but there's no indication that that's super close to happening. And we just have to kinda hope that for Hartenstein, this thing mellows over the next week or 2 weeks or whatever it is. And then maybe it does, maybe it doesn't, but, like, you can't put that guy on the waiver wire. He's too good. The soft hold board is much shorter. Daniel Gafford, Derek Lively in Dallas because they both had decent ball games with no Maxey Kliba. But when Kliba's in, all three of those guys were terrible. And that's super annoying, but it's also super exactly what we just saw happening. So, again, I like, I would love to try to hold on to these guys. I'm gonna try desperately. I have Daniel Gafford in a couple of spots. You know that he was on the old man squad, and he was destroying everyone for the 1st 4 months of this year. But if it's really gonna be a 3 headed monster, then at some point, we'd have to move on. And I'll try to give it a little bit longer. Same thing for Derek Lively. I'll try to give it a little bit longer, but it can't be indefinite. If it's really gonna be mix and match time in Dallas, which feels a little bit silly, like, you should probably have your guy, but they don't. And then Trey Murphy, the third, which I believe is now considered redundant because Trey is the third. That's junior junior. That's how it goes. Senior, junior, and then a lot of folks go by Trey when you're the third of something. Believe his first name is actually Ken. Am I getting that right? I know that was the case for, Yeah. I'm pretty sure that's right. By the way, common misconception, the Griffys are not named Ken. They're named George. Do you guys know that about the Griffies? George Kenneth Griffey, senior junior, and then there is indeed a Trey in that family as well. I think he was playing football at Arizona, like, 6 years ago. I don't know what he's doing now. Anyway, so Trey Murphy, Ken Murphy the 3rd, whatever you wanna call him, he still had a good ballgame last time out, but the pels ran extraordinarily small. Jonas Valancunas just basically didn't play in that ballgame. He had, like, 8 minutes, and then Larry Nance had, like, 20. And so there were these extra center minutes that went to Zion. And so, that allowed Trey to slide in and get his wing minutes into the thirties, which, I mean, prior to that ballgame, anytime the team was fully healthy, which they basically are right now, minus, you know, a couple of guys that were not severely impacting, the Trey Murphy playing time. Then Trey was playing around 25, 26 minutes a game, which was fringe fantasy value. He was he was frankly going to be a member of the doesn't matter club, but his minutes jumped when CJ McCollum went down. And his minutes will jump anytime that Zion takes a game off, and then they jumped just due to matchups in this last one. So he's on this role right now for a variety of reasons. But if none of those reasons happens in the next ballgame, he's go he immediately drops back to kind of that doesn't matter group, which if I had to guess, you probably see it in their next ballgame, which is that tonight? They play tonight? They are. They're hosting the, Pacers. 5 o'clock Pacific start time. So those are your soft holds. Here's the guys that I'm scared or nervous about or I'm dropping. And I'm putting Ben Simmons on this list every week until the end of time, until the sun swallows us all. Ben Simmons is not fantasy rostorable. He is a broken down mule who's trying to prove that he still has something in the tank when he doesn't. His body just cannot take the punishment anymore. And maybe someday, in a magical universe, maybe that universe is next year. I don't know. Maybe there's a time where he gets back up to high twenties, thirties, whatever it was. Because he played that in, what, couple of ball games to start this year, couple of ball games to start last year. But then how long before it all comes apart? I had the over under at 5 games. I don't even know if we can call it. Like, did we even get 5 games out of him since coming back? I always played in them, but has he really played in them? Drop him. Stop hanging on to this nonsense. Boyan Bogdanovic in New York, he's a drop. Simone Fontecchio in Detroit, he's a drop. I don't think you guys need me to go into excruciating detail on those guys. Do you? Nah. Brandon Podgemski is teetering. Bad ball game yesterday. Andrew Wiggins is out indefinitely due to personal reasons, so I'm inclined to try to give Podgemski a little bit longer. Because it was like, okay. Well, Chris Paul comes back, then he takes pods minutes. But then we didn't have Wiggins going out in that handicap, so those minutes come back in. But Moses Moody's taking a bunch of those because they don't wanna go too small. And, ultimately, it it probably just means there's kind of not enough guard work left for Podgemski. It's all just hustle play at this point, which is great, but there needs to be something on top of that. It can't just be a few rebounds and a steal. There has to be a point or a pass or something. And then Ahman Thompson is the other one on this, nervous board. I'm gonna give him one more chance. It does seem like now with Jalen Green playing a little bit better, Last couple of ball games that that's meant that Thompson doesn't have nearly enough room to I mean, he's gonna need to get into the twenties to have fantasy value. And if Green is playing in the mid thirties, then there just sort of isn't enough there. Watch list. But before we get to the watch list, I wanna remind you guys one time here mid episode to come. Hang with your pal Dan over on social media at Dan Vesperos. And please, if you're enjoying this and if there's somebody watching today today for the very first time, which by the way would be awesome, be nice to know if people are finding this show in March as they sort of head towards their fantasy playoffs or whatever's going on, please do hit that subscribe button. That is unquestionably the largest thing you can do, and check out our pals atmanscaped.com. Can you see how much better I look today? Look at look at the neck. It's cleaned up. Cheeks are cleaned up. The out of bounds hairs, they're all they've been taken care of. I really wanna push I know they want me to push the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra, but, I really like the handyman. This has been the coolest thing. So, look, like, the first lawnmower, amazing. The lawnmower 3 has been my favorite. I'll say that. I that's one that I still keep around and I use a bunch. But, you know, difference between lawnmowers, I'll be honest with you guys, small. There are differences, but I don't I didn't feel like I needed the lawnmower 4 when I had the 3. It was working fine. It's a great absolutely great tool. This, I didn't have. This is just a straight electric razor. I hadn't bought one of those in a really long time because I mostly just shave with a sideburner because I'm extremely lazy, and my personal hygiene is lacking. And then they sent this bad boy out, which is just so cool. It's just this little capsule. Looks like a pill almost. And pop. There's the top. Comes right off. It's magnetized, so it's not gonna fall off unless you give it a pretty good pull. And you can see this giving a little bit, and then there you go. A little bit more to get that top off. And it's just, like, it's an actual electric razor, which is so great that they make these bad boys now. And I wouldn't recommend using this on your whole face or whole body all the time, but, like, for for cleaning up around facial hair, it's really been a wonderful thing to add the arsenal around this place. Anyway, go check out manscaped.com. Promo code there is Ethos 20. Ethos, e t h o s 20. Get yourself 20% off and free shipping on your order atmanscape.com. Alright. Let's get back to the watch list. There's a lot of names on here, and these actually probably do require a little bit of attention, or at least a few of them do to kinda let you guys know how we arrived at this destination. Jordan Goodwin is on the watch list. He's on a two way deal, so he can't play every single ball game, and that's frustrating. And, honestly, that makes him probably a guy you just simply can't add on the head to head side unless we somehow find out that he's actually gonna just play in, like, a dozen straight ball games, and not take, you know, not take zeros in between. When he was on his 10 day, he was playing, but then, you know, every other game, he would skip it, and it was never a guarantee. And, you know, 2 hours before game time, we get the word that he's gonna start or something like that. That obviously makes it a simpler call, but you might have to use a move to get him and then use a move to get off of him in head to head if he's gonna just skip the next ball game. Roto, I can make a pretty good case, I think, that Jordan Goodwin could just be thrown onto your bench. And then when he starts, you just drop him into the line. Sort of the Al Horford play this year. I've kept him on my bench in 2 roto leagues, basically, the entire season for every, back to back Boston's had or every game that Kristoff's missed for injury or Jaylen Brown took a day off or Tatum took a day off or White or Drew or whatever. And so then Horford ended up with, you know, whatever. I don't remember the number now. Like, 20 starts so far this year and puts up top 60 type of numbers in those. That's really that's pretty useful, and there will probably be a handful more. And he was basically a waiver wire pickup. But a very hard one to use on the head to head side, especially because he took off half of the back to backs himself. Anyway, we're not talking about Horford. We're talking about Goodwin. I just think we might be able to use them the same way, which is Roto Stash head to head, probably avoid. Santi Aldama is on my watch list. It sounds like JJ is gonna miss Memphis's next ball game. Is this the beginning of the end? No. Probably not. Memphis just has kind of a loaded schedule, over this little stretch. They're a back to back today tomorrow with Portland, and then they basically go every other day until March 12th 13th. You'll see j j j skip one of those, and then he'll probably play until the last 2 weeks or so. And then maybe you'll get a a bigger clump of Aldama at that point. So right now, spot playing is the way to go. Can't really be considered a full ad. Grant Williams bouncing back and forth between making bunch of 3 pointers and not his I don't think his fantasy game supports everyday roster ship way because of how lean his fantasy game is without 3 pointers. So he's a perma watch list guy. Kelly Ullinick, I wish. Every time I say I wish, I wanna quote the Simpsons. I wish I wish I hadn't killed that fish. Kelly Olynyk is not sadly going to be a thing until Jakob Pearl misses some time, which may be never or possibly the very end of the season. Sad face over here, but that's the truth of it. Taylor Hendrix in Utah, his minutes have definitely increased in the mid to high twenties, but we haven't really seen enough fantasy stuff yet to put him on a roster. Bull Bull, same thing, but probably needs Nurk to not play, to be a functional player daily. Corey Kispert has been real damn close, and, we've talked about him a bunch on this podcast, and I've been yelled at frankly for talking about Kispert too much on the show. But he looks confident these days. He's number 87 over the last 2 weeks, which by all accounts means he's a guy you could add. Although he did get a couple of spot starts in there, but he came off the bench yesterday and had 20 points. And each day last 2 games in a row, he shot exactly 8 out of 15 for 20 points. 1 of them, he made a couple of free throws. The other, he had an extra couple of 3 pointers. But he's hitting threes. He's making free throws. He's been pretty good lately. And so I think you could probably roster Kispert in most formats right now because he gets your threes on a good field goal percent, and that's not easy to find. He's better than people give him credit for. He's on an awful team. You know? There's no denying that nonsense, but you could probably call him an ad if you want to. He's, like, right at the top edge of watch list. Cara Severn had a big ball game in there or whatever that was, 7 overtimes, but, you know, he's he basically it don't almost matter it doesn't matter almost what he does. I'm almost definitely not putting him on my roster. I just I can't it's the Santi Adama thing too where, like, maybe at least with Lavert, we kinda know what his percentages are so we can make the call easier. With Adama, we don't know as well. But I just it's so hard for me to go full bore into guys that are bad in both percentages because I play 9 cat. The Clippers man, that's Terrence man, not Trey, is on the watch list mostly because we've seen this thing. He wakes up for 2 weeks. He disappears for 2 months. It happens twice every year and has for, like, 3 seasons in a row now. Duop Reath is on the watch list not because of anything that I think is about to, like, shift in his fantasy game, but mostly because we're waiting to find out if Deandre Ayton's gonna miss more than a game or 2 with his wrist injury. And, frankly, even if he does, we're waiting to find out if we can put Reath in the injury fill in board. Because the last time that Ayton was out, Reath was only good, like, one out of every 3 ball games. So it's not a guarantee that he's even a safe injury replacement. So right now, he's a watch list, see what happens. And if he looks like a safe injury play, then we'll move him into that part of the board, which is coming up here in a moment. But first, Tomani Kamara. He put up a decent line for the blazers in their last one. I don't have a whole lot of faith that that's gonna stick, but you can at least watch list him. The stream while warm board got PJ Washington added to it. He's now a a member of the stream while warm contingent along with Bobby Portis, Jordan Clarkson, RJ Barrett, Kevin Herter, and Malik Monk who kind of alternate, Jeremy Sohan and Jalen Green. Those are the stream well warmers. If you're wondering if some name is missing, the answer is yes. That name is Naz Reed because he's been temporarily placed in the injury fill in board with, Kyle Anderson out, and then Nas will likely return to the stream while warm, contingent when the wolves get healthy once again. The brand new doesn't matter club. I know you guys are all very excited about this one, which is the most possible excitement you could ever have about a page that doesn't matter. The players currently on the doesn't matter club, Max Drusse, Gary Trent junior, Sadik Bey. These are guys that no matter what happens over the course of every 2 ball games, over every 10, they're gonna be right in that doesn't matter window, which in my eyes is between picks roughly 105, 110, and about 140. You can play them. You cannot play them. It'll help your head to head team if they're healthy enough to go. They won't really help your roto team all that much, but it'll keep you from falling behind against the game's cap. They'll get you whatever it is for Struth, a couple threes, some boards, a few assists on not great field goal percent. Gary Trent will get you some threes, maybe a couple of steals. Who the hell did I just say was on here? Who's the last one? Sadik Bey. He'll get you some threes on bad field goal percent, but he'll also get you some rebounds. Like, it shouldn't surprise anybody that when you look at the numbers here, Sadik Bey is ranked 129 on the year. Struss is 118. Trent is, on the season, much lower than that, but lately, he's more like in that 130 range. This is just who these guys are. It's who they are in their current role. Admittedly, for Struth, this is a lot better than any of us expected, playable, and he was a lot better than this for a long part of the season. Then he went through an ungodly shooting slump, but he's kinda leveled off. And we'll probably continue to add players to this doesn't matter board as the season winds down here, but it is something I'd like to carry over into next year. Because I think there's gonna be a bunch of guys like this if we if we're kinda starting to isolate them earlier in the year, I think this board would have filled out quicker, but, ultimately, that doesn't matter. And here is your, hefty injury replacement board. We'll give you the names. We'll give you who they're replacing, and then we will wrap things up. Iota sumo continues to replace guys that are out. And with these guys just out for the year, I suppose I could just call them a rest of season guy and you don't need to be here anymore because LaVine ain't coming back. Patrick Williams ain't coming back. So, sure, I owed Sumo, call him a rest of season guy. I think, still, we need to classify him as an injury replacement because he's never done it with those, other guys healthy. And in my mind, it's a better way to keep things organized. Andre Drummond, all of the above, plus Alex Caruso. If Caruso plays, Drummond, that's the one that it's attached to right now. Royce O'Neil with Bradley Beal and Eric Gordon out. Josh Hart with OGN and Obi out. Precious Achua with Julius Randle out. Paul Reed and Kelly Oubre junior with Joel Embiid and now De'Anthony Melton again, both out. Al Horford, nobody's out for Boston as far as I know in this ballgame, but I'm just keeping him on the perma injury replacement board. Nick Richards by the way, he's an injury replacement, but he's also kind of in the doesn't matter group. Malik Beasley for Khris Middleton. Duncan Robinson for Tyler Herro. Reggie Jackson's a maybe for Jamal Murray. I put him on the list, but he's very much a maybe. Dennis Schroder and Cam Johnson for Ben Simmons and Cam Thomas. I would assume that if Cam Thomas comes back, it probably ruins both of those guys because of how much usage he uses. Ben Simmons, hard to tell if he ruins either of them. I think he would probably knock Schroder out quicker because Simmons is sort of more your point guard y type where Cam Thomas is firing away. Naz Reed is on this board with, slow mo out, and Benedick Mathurin is on this board with Aaron Neesmith out. Although, it sounds like that one might be evaporating here, as soon as later today. And that is your week in review. We're a hustlin' man. One question in the chat room that I wanna get to is what about beef stew? Isaiah Stewart has garbage fantasy game. Yes. It's true. It's true. No one, seems to notice because he gets a few rebounds and hits a 3 pointer from that power forward spot. But he played 31 minutes a game before his injury, and he was number 192 in 9 cat. Bad field goal percent, bad free throw percent, not very few assists, not a ton of defensive stats, just very I mean, 11 points per game, not enough to float value there. 11 and 7 with 1 and a half threes is fine if that's the only stuff you're attacking, but he is a long way off from fantasy value. The only way that he climbs would be if the number of shots per game goes up, which is possible because, again, they got rid of Bojan Bogdanovic, and they got rid of Alec Burks. But, you know, we're talking about a guy that averaged 8 and a half shots per game. How how much do we really think that could move? 9 and a half? 10? That still doesn't get him close enough. He's gonna need to get up to a dozen, I would think, and I really don't see that happening. Could his 31 minutes go to 33? I mean, all these little things could add up to get him into that doesn't matter group, but that to me is kind of a best case scenario unless his fantasy game dramatically changed during this last injury, which, spoiler, it didn't. It just doesn't. And, that'll wrap it up for, the week in review edition of Fantasy NBA Today. Again, I have grand designs of getting a streamer episode going that'll probably be first thing in the afternoon. Just a little quick hitter to kinda get you settled for Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and then rolling into Monday, which is likely the start of a playoff week for a lot of you. Anybody that sets up your own leagues, I know I was doing it. I'm pretty sure that Josh was talking about it. A lot of analysts these days are making a concerted effort to tell people, start your playoffs 6 weeks before the end of the regular season so you lop off the final 3 weeks. So if you're getting going, we'll have these shows to sort of help you out. And, frankly, even if you're fighting for a playoff spot, you'll probably enjoy these streamer discussions because it's about how to maximize games played and and how to be pretty cutthroat with the guys on your own team. So battling for a playoff spot, already in 1, playoff starting, all that stuff is gonna be a head to head only special show, hopefully daily or at least Monday through Friday between now. And my aim is, like, the last week of the season. But at that point, you sort of don't need it anymore because everybody's in overload mode, and most head to head leads should. I know Yahoo's not, which is horrible. I don't think I can be in a Yahoo head to head league again next year. Those are not. Thank you for watching, everybody. Thank you for liking, rating, subscribing, following, retweeting, quote tweeting, joining Discord, whatever it might be, all of that stuff remains very appreciated. Shout out again to our baseball guys who have that draft guide going. Hit me up if you wanna upgrade your Fantasy Pass NBA to an all sport or just jump aboard, man. Go get the ranks. They're gonna be awesome. Baseball guys are crushing it right now, and I see a few of you already have. So that makes me very happy. Something like maybe 4 or 5 of you have reached out to me to upgrade your your NBA to all sport. Keep them coming. Keep them coming. The beauty part is if you think it through, like, if you upgrade now, that'll take you into the NBA draft guide at the end of this like, baseball season will take you into the start of NBA. And if you get that All Sport now, if you upgrade for the $1, we're not gonna change that price. You can lock that in forever as long as you don't turn it off. By the way, the NBA Fantasy Pass is probably gonna go up by a dollar for next year. So if you get the All Sport now, you'll have all 3 major sports probably for the same price as NBA alone next year. It's a no brainer. I'll talk to you guys later today or on social or both. Heaven forbid, clutches pearls. Bye bye, everybody.